 I had this toaster for 2 years now and the results are not very impressive . It heats very unevenly and is hard to clean . I tried to order new heating elements for it and Dualit wanted $ 24 x 5 plus shipping . This is my last Dualit product .
 I purchased my toaster in 2007 on the recommendation of friends who said it was the best toaster in the world . Now , after reading numerous reviews , my original assessment of this toaster has been reinforced , which is that the old version of Dualit was great , the new one is not . When I opened the toaster I found out that Dualit had changed the engineering on it to improve it 's performance . I had n't opened it in the 30 day return period so I was stuck with it and because of it 's cost I 've been unwilling to get rid of it . It does toast . However , as so many other people have complained since around 2007 , it toasts unevenly , slowly , loudly , and does n't seem to keep the toast very hot when it is finished . I suppose I should be grateful that the timer still works , although I admit that i do n't use it very often . Actually I will be grateful when the timer quits and I have a legitimate excuse to throw the thing away . As it is , I keep it around partly as a reminder to be more careful about such an expensive purchase in the future , especially trying it out while it can still be returned.Reviews on Dualit toasters dramatically change for Dualit toasters purchased before 2007 when they `` improved '' their toaster . Happy owners of toasters purchased prior to that year , unhappy owners from then on.I 'm unhappy enough to be writing my first ever review on Amazon .
 We had a two slice toaster by Dualit and loved it so much that I bought a 4 slicer as our family grew . What a disappointment ! The toast takes forever . I do n't even like my toast well done . I have to reset it for a second round . This means waiting by the toaster of remembering to go back in and reset before it dries out . Why should a toaster be so difficult ? It is the most basic of electronics ! We loved out Dualit two slicer , so perhaps the issue is in the 4 slicer version , or maybe they just are n't making them like they used to . At any rate , I 'm in the market for a better four slicer - this one stinks . And i paid a bucket load for it , which does n't help !
 I thought this toaster was great when I forst got it . It looked sharp and made great toast . But after two months the chrome on the first unit started to pit and blemish . Amoazon immediately took it back and sent out a new one . When the new one was recieved , the lever on it was defective and it would not lift the toast out when pressed . Amazon was great , as usual , but with a toaster with a price tag like this one should expect better .
 Great toaster BUT it has a cheap timer that fails and when it does just throw the toaster away if you live in the USA Dualit will not ship you parts . I have looked online for the timer and can find no USA parts supplier .
 I spent the money to buy what I thought was going to be a great toaster . Problems developed quickly with the timer clockwork mechanism which is not suitable for the product . Seems this is a common problem . Check out the Wordpress blog on the Dualit toaster for a review which I fully agree with and wish I had seen bee I bought my toaster . Search `` Dualit regrets timer wordpress '' for a link -LRB- `` Dualit.wordpress.com '' -RRB-
 Dualit Classic 4-Slice Toaster , ChromeI purchased this toaster despite the very steep price , because I had read that it was a commercial grade toaster that would last a life time , that it was really commercial grade . I was , also , attracted to the heavy steel construction and to the retro look . It 's very attractive . That said , my toaster lasted about 4 years . The problem is the timer . I understand from other reviewers that while the outside is quite sturdy , the timer is made out of plastic !!!! Does that make sense ? That 's one of the most vital parts of this toaster . So , the timer gets stuck now every time that I make toast . I have to force the timer off , because it will otherwise burn the bread , overheat and who knows ? Cause a short circuit or something . One of the other reviewers mentioned that these timers are made in China and that he had to order a new one from the Dualit Company . After spending a few hundred dollars on this lemon , I 'm now going to have to spend some more money . That does not make me a happy camper .
 I have been trying to have a defective 4 slot Dualit toaster repaired or replaced for over two months . Amazon refuses to intervene , even thought they know that Dualit is not honoring it 's warranty and many of the 4 slots are defective . See the other reviews . There is no one to deal with at Dualit and the repair shop sent us back the toaster unrepaired and with a new dent . Then they finally promised to pick it up to redo the initial repair and never sent for it . When we threatened a lawsuit for breach of warranty , Dualit told us to contact Amazon , who refuses to act at all . $ 300.00 down the drain . Buy a product through a reputable seller , not Amazon , and beware of Dualit . They do not offer the service or quality they became known for in the past.Amazon should not continue to sell this product given what they know about this problem .
 BEWARE . Dualit has been bought out and the quality of this unit is DEPLORABLE . Their customer service is even worse ; my $ 300 toaster was , well , toast in a matter of weeks . Dualit totally blew me off and Amazon stiffed me , as well . They took back the bum toaster , ignored me altogether for a while and then gave me an insulting $ 40 credit -LRB- and kept the toaster -RRB- . Check out the web for more comments from people who had the same experience of being shafted by BOTH Dualit AND Amazon .
 We had this toaster for three years , it 's now out with the trash . Since we first purchased the toaster it always acted a little quirky , most of the time it was fine , but every so often when you turned on the timer , the red light would n't come on which meant no heat . If you fiddled with the timer for a second or two it would always come on . During the last six months it 's become much more pronounced until today when it finally stopped heating at all . I opened up the bottom and took out the timer/thermostat to make sure all the connections were solid . To my horror , I saw that one of the connections was sitting solidly against a screw that had been shorting since we owned it . The thought that my wife or little girl could have been electrocuted is to say the least horrifying . I threw the toaster out immediately not wanting to risk the possibility that someone could be killed by such slip shop craftsman ship . To think .20 cents worth of rubber over the connections would eliminate any risk is simply mind boggling , especially given the price tag of the item . We 're now in the market for something a little less fancy , but much safer.As for how well it toasted , if your still interested you need to get your head examined .
 DO NOT BUY THESE TOASTERS !!! If you ever need replacement parts or service forget about it , the Dualit company which is in the UK will never help you . All they do is refer you to the one distributor they have in the US that is overpriced . They are arrogant and think there appliances are the best out there , obsolete garbage , there customer service is the worst I have ever experienced . For the kind of money you spend on these toasters they treat you like garbage and will not help you in the slightest bit . I ordered the Breville toaster and will never again buy a Dualit after this experience .
 I possess an attractive classic 4 slice chrome toaster . It 's timer is most unreliable . For such an expensive toaster , it is astonishing that Dualit lacks the competency and integrity to produce a dependable timer which is readily available in other much less expensive toasters . Check your homeowner 's coverage before purchasing . Caveat emptor ! It is attractive and durable except when used for its intended purpose.Dualit Classic 4-Slice Toaster , Chrome
 I suppose it depends on what you want this for . Our deck is 12 ' x 22 ' and we ca n't put this fan far enough away to avoid the noise and the more-than-ample breeze . Even on the lowest level , it is very loud and it blows * hard * . I ca n't stand it . My husband loves it.I will admit , it looks good and quality has been fine . We have not used the mister.After a couple of years with this fan , I am going to replace it because I ca n't go through another summer at its mercy . When I was shopping for a replacement , I saw this and thought I should warn the unsuspecting potential buyers .
 The towel warmer itself heats up just fine . But the towel never gets very warm . I thought it would feel like I had just taken the towel out of the drier . Maybe my expectations were too high . But if I had it to do over , I would not purchase this product .
 I purchased this towel warmer for my wife . She has been very disappointed . It simply does not get hot enough to heat towels so she has stopped using it . I would not recommend it to anyone .
 I purchased this mattress to go with our new bunk beds . The beds turned out better than expected but this piece of foam sold to me as a mattress was ridiculous ! Not only is it not safe for a child to sleep on them , it it unacceptable that this could be marketed through Amazon !! Dont let the picture fool you , it is 2 inches in thickness and too short/small for a bunk bed . Shame on both of you -LRB- Amazon and YDF -RRB- !!
 I RECEIVED THIS MATTRESS ROLLED TIGHTLY IN A BOX , ONCE I TOOK IT OUT OF THE BOX IT EXPANDED WITH AIR . SADLY , THE MATTRESS WAS NOTHING LIKE WHAT IS PICTURED HERE , AND WAS COMPLETELY UNEVEN . I MADE SEVERAL ATTEMPTS TO CONTACT THE SELLER , AND THEY ARE VERY SLOW AT MAKE ANY ATTEMPT TO RESOLVE THIS MATTER .
 The mattress does not have any bounce to it , not at all what I was expecting for the price . I wish there was a sale so I could have purchased a better mattress , not happy at all .
 I am an otr driver . I just had one of these put in my truck , and I 'm hating it more each day !!! It is not the size , or thickness they say it will be ! You lay on it and it drops strait down . If you want to sleep DO NOT BUY THIS !!
 the colors are not as bright as the picture . very faded . overpriced considering the flaws . .
 Half the time when you push on the top , springed part of the mill , the bottom half falls off and all the peppercorns go in your food , No , I did not screw the bottom half on improperly ! There simply are not enough threads for the bottom half to stay on . Very disappointing .
 I bought this air conditioner online . When it came , I plugged it in and it would n't work -- instead of turning on the unit showed `` EE '' where the temperature should be . Normally , this would be no problem . Sometimes electronic items get broken in transit or are otherwise faulty . However , getting in touch with someone from Fedders for customer support was a huge problem . FIrst , the manual that comes with the air conditioner is insufficient . It does not list the error I got on the display in its troubleshooting section . I then tried to call the 800 number on the box . This number proved only to be a directory of places where I could buy Fetters products , not a service number . I had to get the number off of their website -LRB- which is as useless as their manual -RRB- . After waiting on the phone for an hour -LRB- listening to the repetitive message advertising their website no less -RRB- , the woman spent 30 seconds on the phone with me and then gave me the number of their repairman . I think instead of waiting around for this repairman to show up , I 'll just return the piece of junk and buy an air conditioner that works .
 I bought this this toaster oven a few weeks ago and am very disappointed . It is impossible to even get a decent piece of toast out this thing . You put in one or two slices of bread -LRB- never mind six ! -RRB- and the bread comes out untoasted in spots and nearly black in other spots . Just heating something up requires you to constantly turn the food to keep it from burning.Also , the door will not close completely . I 'm buying another brand -LRB- because this one is useless ! -RRB- . I 've learned my lesson , though , this time I will carefully read the reviews .
 I 've had one of these in my kitchen for a couple of months now , and am absolutely convinced it is the worst-designed appliance I have ever owned . The only redeeming quality of this beast is it 's large capacity and broiler tray.First , the controls stink . Having to adjust three different knobs to make toast is ludicrous . No , I 'm not making this up . To make toast , you have to put the temperature knob on high , turn the middle knob -LRB- I do n't know what it 's called -RRB- to Toast , and set the timer for some random amount of time that may or may not actually result in toasted bread . 10 minutes seems to be necessary to get the timer knob to `` catch '' , but this is far too long . Why not just a Toast button that automatically makes toast?Second , it takes _ forever _ to heat up enough to toast ! Toast should take no more than two minutes , three at the outside , but this thing takes an eternity to heat up.Third , most of the time I end up burning the toast because I 've turned the timer knob too far and then left . I 'm rewarded for my efforts with carbonized bread products . It seems that once it does finally get warm , it switches to `` burn '' mode.Finally , if you _ are _ watching the toast carefully , and take it out before it burns , you 'll find it 's difficult to turn the darn thing off again . Yes , you guessed it , more knob turning . My wife has a bad habit of turning the knob too far toward off , which has the amusing property of looping around to the _ end _ of the timer range , which is `` keep on '' . Indefinitely . Forever . Or at least until you smell something burning.All in all , a miserable piece of equipment . Writing this review has convinced me this thing is going to the dump tomorrow .
 We purchased this appliance when our 15-year-old Black & Decker toaster-oven finally gave out.One thing I miss from our former toaster-oven is a lever similar to one on a toaster that can be pushed down to make toast . Every toaster-oven we found now has a radial dial timer.The controls on the Oster are confusing and difficult to operate . In the first month , I burned more toast and bagels than I ever did with our former oven . The radial timer is too inaccurate to pop a slice of bread in and let it toast . You have to stand and wait to make sure the smoke alarm does n't go off . Also , the warmup time is very long and it takes a long time to toast anything.The oven does n't heat evenly . Items in the back of the oven cook faster than in the front . You have to rotate things half way through to make sure they are thoroughly cooked.Finally , this is a BIG oven . It takes up a lot of space on your counter -- something we do n't have.After months of burnt food and frustration , this one got dropped off at the Salvation Army Thrift Store . We replaced it with a GE toaster .
 I 've had this toaster for awhile . I did not like that I had to turn three knobs to make a simple toast . As others have mentioned , you have to turn the timer to 10 mins to get the oven hot enough , but in 10 mins your toast will burn , so you have to stop it in 3-5 mins . So what happened to me ? I waited and stopped it at 4 min and it was not good enough and turned it back to 10 mins . I went to see what my toddler was doing and sure enough the smoke alarm went off . I had a fire in my toaster and smoke everywhere !! It was a horrible experience . Granted that it was my fault for letting the toast go for 10 mins , but if it did its job as a real toaster , I would not have almost burned my kitchen down.Aesthetically , its nice looking and the crumb tray is the best thing about it . I am now in the market for a toaster oven , hoping to find one with a crumb/catch tray .
 This is a very nice small oven , but as a toaster it really drives me up the wall . As someone else said , three knobs to adjust just to make toast ! Then you have to stand there and watch it and the toast still burns!I will keep this to use as an oven , but tomorrow I am going out and buy a nice small toaster.And guess what it will not be an Oster product . This is the last of their products I shall ever purchase.John
 Not a great toaster . Really a semiautomatic . Needs attention to avoid burning the toast . Not a great oven either . I was surprised to find that the convection feature I have on another one was missing .
 If you like guessing how your toast comes out , get this toaster oven . It has two settings , `` raw '' and `` burnt '' , and the setting seems to be completely random . That is , setting the timer to `` 2 '' could produce either result , both leading to less than pleasant toast.Also , the outside of the oven gets VERY hot . It 's tempting to set things on top of the toaster -- DO NOT DO THIS . It 's tempting to place things next to the toaster -- DO NOT DO THIS . It easily gets hot enough to start a fire if there is anything flammable against it . And you will burn yourself if you touch anywhere on the outside except the handles during or after cooking.On the upside , the broil function works very well .
 This toaster looks like a million bucks . But as far as utility , it is horrible . Yes you have to turn 3 knobs to make toast . And you have to estimate how long you think your toast will take - 1 minute , 10 minutes - etc. . Just TOAST ALREADY ! Then you wait ... it takes a lifetime to heat up and then before you know it your toast is burned . I almost burned down our office building today trying to toast a tortilla that went from frozen to flames in about 3 minutes . NOT kidding .
 I was very dissapointed with the quality of the Safah Collection 300-Thread-Count 100 % Pima Cotton Full Sheet Set . After being washed , the sheets took on a very dull look and rough feeling . Even with extra softener added to the wash cycle , the sheets , after their second use , continue to have a very brittle feel . The seams are very poorly sewn and I would never recommend anyone to buy sheets from this source .
 Do n't waste your money on these sheets and cases . I have and am sorry . I have a top of the line Maytag Neptune but the sheets and cases did not perform well even through the gentle product wash . The stitching is sweat shop quality with the seams and stitch spacing inferior at best . The weft and weave are not cut right so that the items naturally shrink at different rates and directions . I use mine for cleaning rags after just two washings . Save yourselves and just pass this one by !!!!
 The sheets feel like Sand-Paper after the first wash and the pillowcases do n't fit any size pillow as they are cut incorrectly . The Joseph Aboudd sheets I purchased are much better than these but now the are $ 50 vs. $ 40 when I purchased
 Nice & soft but ... begining with the first washinng the color started fading out in spots & blotches . It looks like the sheets & pillow cases were splashed with bleach , but they were n't . Just poor quality . I 'd stay away from these .
 These sheets are very thin . I have n't even slept on them yet , because ... I 'm not looking forward to it . I washed them twice hoping to soften them and inspire myself to put them on the bed ... but so far it 's not working . I 'm bummed .
 I bought the white version . After the first wash , the fibers on the sheets started balling up . While they fit my oversized mattress , they do not remain taught on the bed and begin to slip off after only a couple nights . Very unattractive . See-through . Like mosquito netting . What a waste of money at any price !!!!
 After the first wash , the fibers on the sheets started balling up . While they fit my oversized mattress , they do not remain taught on the bed and begin to slip off after only a couple nights . Very unattractive . See-through . Like mosquito netting . What a waste of money at any price !!!!
 Although the colors are very bright and the fabric is nice , after two washings of these sheets , the bottom sheet has already started to `` fuzzball '' like a sweater , which I have never seen happen to bedsheets before .
 I noticed that reviewers for some of the other colors of these sheets mentioned that after a few washings , `` spots '' would appear , as if they had been splashed with bleach . After having these sheets for two weeks , I started seeing these `` spots '' on the pillowcases -LRB- and no , there was never any bleach near the sheets or left over in the washer -RRB- . I do n't know what is causing the spots , but these sheets are pretty much ruined . Be careful , or stick with the white sheets .
 I have these sheets in this color -LRB- but in queen size -RRB- , and after only five weeks , the stitching has come undone in several places on the pillowcases . In addition , the color fades unevenly in the wash making them appear splotchy . Finally , the color is susceptible to fading from acidic sweat . I have several places on the pillowcases and sheets that appear to have been bleached .
 I washed these sheets before placing them on my bed , and they came out of the dryer looking like a wrinkled mess ! And the texture was even worse ! They feel very rough . My 200 thread count sheets are smoother and nicer than these . Save your $ $ for something better .
 The sheets are wrinkled after the wash and there is n't the ' 300-thread-count ' smoothness as I have expected . Bought sheets with a 200 count that came out smoother and just as much wrinkles . Will not make a repeat buy from this manufacturer .
 Material is nice , but top sheet shrunk so much that it will not tuck under mattress on both sides ; it barely covers top of mattress . Fitted sheet is fine .
 These sheets are great , very comfortable and the price you can not bet.They fit my oversize mattress great , no pulling up from the sides or the ends of the mattress.I also purchased the regular size sheets in this brand and they are super.You feel like you are sleeping on silk .
 1 . They are not made in America . They are made in Pakistan . 2 . They do NOT FIT ! I even took the elastic out of the fitted sheet and it is about 12 inches too short . Maybe this is how they fit in Pakistan , but not in the US ! 3 . Not comfortable and the white looks pink . I bleached them several times and they still look pink ' 4 . Great price , crappy product.My advice , DO NOT BUY THESE !!!
 The `` King '' size sheet set contained 1 king top sheet , 2 king pillowcases , and 1 FULL size fitted sheet . Made in Pakistan .
 I was really excited about this sheet set , but after I washed the set once and slept on them for 2 weeks , the fitted sheet started to pill . Also , I ordered a king set and they send me a California king set . I did n't mind since I like oversized sheets , but still . In any event the sheets are soft and nice to sleep on . For now , until they pill even further .
 These sheets looked lovely when purchased , but after multiple washings , the sateen stripe faded and it only looks like a pattern of stripes on the sheet . The fabric is not soft at all and I have tried fabric softeners and hanging it out on the line to no avail . The casing is hemmed in one continuous pocket so the elastic slips around - the elastic is free to shift as it is not sewed within the hem . I 've never seen anything like that and I hope I never will again . These sheets seem like something you would get at a bargain basement 5 and dime store . I do LOVE the color and that is why it got a star . I am extremely disappointed with the sheets .
 I have bought inexpensive sheets before but these are the worst . These were VERY thin and once I washed them , they were like gauze . They also shrunk so that they no longer fit on my pillowtop mattress . They are now in the trash .
 Works well , mechanically , but the white coating on the arms of the rack began to crack and fall off within a year .
 It seems pretty cheaply made . It 's not much different than my in hand strainer . I wish there was a lid for it too so I could store my powdered sugar in it .
 I was very disappointed I thought it should have a covered lid . My other flour shaker had a lid keeps bugs , flies , dust . Off the flour
 This would be a fantastic comforter except the decal flakes off very easily . We got this at Christmas and by April the decal was peeling off .
 I ordered 2 after Christmas last year . I opened the boxes this Christmas and found they were both broken .
 I bought this bellow online because I liked the flowing shape and reasonable price . Within 3 weeks of using it the leather cracked in several places around the tip and sides . It now leaks so much that it focuses very little air out of the tip and into the wood stove .
 When I ordered it , I honestly thought I was ordering a grocery cart -- NOT just a liner for a cart . So , now I 'm kind of stuck with something I can not use . I thought the photo and copy were misleading .
 I bought -LRB- 2 -RRB- of these wall mounted dispensers and both broke upon installation . The glass dispenser , when you screw it to the base , is very fragile and cracks . Now I am left with the base screwed into my bathroom wall with no dispenser . I am very dissatisfied . Purchase at your own risk !
 I previously purchased this soap dispenser to go in my bathroom . The first one broke . I ordered a new one from amazon . It came broken . They sent me another . It was broken . I am still waiting on another replacement because amazon would not refund my money . If and when it comes it will be the fourth time I have replaced this model .
 First shipment came cracked . The company was quick to respond to the issue , sent me another shipment the day I made contact , even before they received broken item back . Second item was also chipped at the top . This seems to be a product flaw . The chips did not seem to be that bad , still screwed into the wall mount so I kept the second one . I have had it for at least a year and despite the chips , it is still with us and working . I am sure for the pricier ones are better quality glass but for what I was willing to spend on a soap holder , this was fine .
 It was professionally mounted but overtime it comes off the wall . You have to remember that you are pumping it multiple times and that is a lot of pressure for something only held on by two little screws .
 I had the same problem when I purchased a similar product . Great idea , but hard to come by the fuel . If you go to -LSB- ... -RSB- , they make the 2.6 oz chafing fuel and you can click on a list of places that sell there products . You should also call ahead to make sure that they have that size in stock . I hope this works for you , it did for me .
 I never received this item therefore I can not submit a review .
 It would be nice if I could find 2.6 oz canned chafing fuel to use with item . I 'd like to test it out , but have searched high and low for the fuel !!! Can anyone help ?
 ordered this as a xmas gift on 12/13 it is now 1/18 and still has n't arrived .
 I bought this mattress pad through JCPenney catalog for a great price . However , once we set it up it did n't work . The control would blink one red light after about an hour and the pad automatically shut off.I called the company and they said they get frequent problems/calls from customers who live in `` rural '' areas , because supposedly the power may fluctuate slightly and cause the pad to shut off as a `` safety feature '' . It was very disappointing and inconvenient to have to take the pad back to the store and order a different brand . Do n't bother to buy a restwarmer , even a surge protector did n't resolve the issue .
 I have owned two of these Rival RC165 's . The first lasted over 2 years , cooking rice at least twice a week . The rice came out fine , although it was quite often browned on the bottom . I usually gave it a stir just after the button popped , to minimize the scorching.The reason this device only gets 2 stars is that the heating element died suddenly one day . I purchased a replacement because it made the right amount of rice , and it was generally good . Just last week , the heating element on this one went too . It only lasted 6 months.To note
 It looks fine but as someone reported , the non-stick coating comes off soon . then it becomes tough to clean and difficult to use .
 for 4 months , i did not have any problme.all of a sudden it stopped working.i am an asian and this is the 1st time a rice cooker bailed on me within a few months.Sad part is i can not even return or get a replacement .
 I tried everything to get this radio to pick up stations in our house . I could n't get it to work so I returned it immediately .
 I was very disappointed with the sound of this player . It has tiny speakers with almost no bass . FM reception is terrible and there is no antenna or any way to hook one up . It does not have any kind of line in or aux input , so the only thing you can listen to are cd 's . It wo n't even play mp3 files on CD , so it is really very limited . I sent mine back and instead bought a pair of powered computer speakers that I can plug my portable mp3 player into .
 I 've had this unit for less than a year . The radio works wonderfully . The CD player does not work . The unit has a one year warranty , but to get it replaced I have to generate an original receipt and pay non-refundable shipping to SONY . The CD player worked for app . 6 months , then quit . Trying to decide if the unit replacement is worth the hassle . Not pleased .
 If your buying this Sony to listen to FM radio - forget it - save your money . Absolutely the worst reception I ever heard .
 We were happy with this product for a few months and then it starting skipping when playing many of our CDs . We expected better quality from a Sony !
 The radio reception was good for about a month and then went south . No matter where I put this in my home it wo n't pull in the stations I want . I have two other radios that work fine , so it is n't my location . Definitely look elsewhere .
 My CD523 unit mounted nicely with the help of the template . The radio reception was so-so from the very beginning . Now , some two months later , their is an annoying hiss on our favorite FM station . Other inexpensive radios in the house get good reception for this same station.So , being technologically savvy , I checked the specs online to discover that the FM antenna is in the power cord . My electrical outlet is only about ten inches from the unit ; hence , I left the power cord wrapped up and jammed it behind the unit . When I unwrapped it , the reception did improve slightly . The hiss is now subdued . So I 'm going to have to live with it.The sound quality is acceptable , yet the bass tones are non-existant . The `` mega-base '' switch is a joke!Wish I had read these reviews in advance and never purchased this unit .
 I bought this to replace a 15 year GE that had a dying CD player . Overall the GE was much better . The Sony has 15 stations but split in groups of five and by band . On my GE I could program my two favorite AM stations and four FM , s and just scroll through them , now I have to change band and station to get back and forth . Looses clock and station memory when unplugged . no battery back up . No light . Tiny lettering on the radio controls , like they designed it as a CD player control and had an afterthought about how to add the radio controls to the CD buttons.Sounds good if you just want to play CD 's . Not much of a clock or radio .
 Having been loyal to Sony products in the past I decided to take the plunge and spend a bit more than I intended to on a radio for my kitchen . However , when I installed the device I realized that the lack of an antena and the inability to move the radio in order to get better reception basically made it useless ... it was like a white noise generator . No dice . I think that this would have been far more successful if the radio was installed closer to a window -LRB- I 'm not sure -RRB- . I do not recommend this product .
 am signal is almost non existant . People are still listening to AM . I do n't know why every product we tried had poor AM reception . Most of my listening is on AM
 When we redecorated/upgraded our kitchen 3 years ago , I carefully researched new dinnerware for our `` every day '' table . I loved the color -LRB- plum -RRB- of these and bought them . We have no small children or those who mishandle dishes , either in serving or washing . Yet these dishes chipped at an alarming rate ! I have replaced several pieces , but they just continue to chip and they look horrible with a bright white chipped spot in the middle of the beautiful purple bowl or plate . Even those that are not chipped , have strange marks and fading on the glaze.I can not , with integrity , recommend these pottery pieces , as they are low fire , almost `` plaster of paris '' inside , to anyone because if they are like mine have been , they will be chipped in very short order -- even with careful handling.Since there was no butter dish to match these plates and bowls , I purchased a `` Fiesta ware '' purple one , and it is still beautiful with no chipping or signs of wear such as the glaze fading . I will be replacing the Waechtersbach with it as I feel that I have given the Waechtersbach more than generous `` try . `` I am genuinely surprised that no one else has mentioned this fate to their own plates and dishes . My fine china is MUCH sturdier than these pieces have been .
 Listing photo showed black curtains - but lemon color arrived . Needless to say , I had to return them . I ended up paying for shipping back to vendor - they would not refund . So Amazon/vendor mistake cost me money .
 This clock produces really big running sound . To make it a little bit quiet , I cut off the second hand ... . but it does n't help at all .
 Makes too audible of a &#34; click &#34; noise each second . We ended up putting it n the bathroom where it 's not so annoying .
 My experience was very bad , clock was dead in a few minutes it ticks but the seconds arm did not move , tried correcting 3 times to see if that was just a starting trouble but no luck .
 While cheap , one out of five clocks I ordered is not keeping time . I emailed the company back with no response . DO NOT order this product . Fail .
 does not keep time . disappointed with product . would not recommend . looks nice and the right size i was looking for but i need it to keep good time
 The minute hand was broken when the clock arrived and had to be returned . You can feel the poor quality as soon as you pick it up . I 'm going to spend a little bit more money and get a better clock , you should do the same .
 Length :
 For $ 5.50 , what can you expect ? It works , but the LOUD tick ... tick ... tick makes it unbearable .
 I bought 3 of this back in November last year . I had them in their boxes never opened . I have them on my office now for 2 months . One died , I changed batteries but it doesnt tick anymore . Then i checked the other 2 and they are both 1 hours behind time . I used this to show local times from cities . So 1 is dead , and I will give away the other two because they both 1 hours behind . I will not fix the time every month so they are worthless . They are cheap yes , but unless your going to use them for a month or as shooting target dont buy them . Also , remeber this . The tick is so loud I can hear it 3 rooms away.This was a bad idea , I had not idea the tick was so loud , its annoying , you can not even work with them .
 I understand that this is an inexpensive clock and I should not expect much , but it is noisy . I bought it because a previous reviewer write that it did not make any noise . It is loud !
 loved the clock at first . great price , looks nice , etc. etc.but after 1 month , the second hand got stuck -LRB- it gets stuck on the 8 , but is fine if the clock is put flat on a table , which of course makes it useless -RRB- . so , caveat emptor ...
 Broke in first week of being on our wall . It is not good . Cheaply made . It has big numbers and a second hand .
 Would be nice to have this , but it never arrived . Ships from independent supplier , not Amazon . Can not reach them by phone -LRB- goes to voicemail -RRB- and no response to email sent through Amazon . Not sure if they 're even in business . Never received an order confirmation from the supplier nor tracking information.I 've been using Amazon for years , and this is the first time I got shafted . Very disappointing . Do not order from this company .
 This turned out to be smaller than i expected and was made of cheap plastic.Remind me to spend some more money on wall clock .
 Clock did arrive two days earlier then the estimated arrival date , which is nice ; HOWEVER , the clock 's battery casing is damaged but operable . Also , the minute hand was bent in such a way that it prevented the second hand from making a full pass through the clock . I had to take off the faceplate and re-bend the minute hand so that the second hand could pass through unimpeded . My suggestion
 I traveled for months out of a 37L backpack and so I had to do my own laundry a lot . I did n't use this thing once nor can I see myself in a situation where I would be able to hang it up , but not hang up the clothes I wanted to dry . You just do n't need it .
 Sure it works , althought I do n't know how anyone could ever stretch it as far as they claim , but including shipping you end up paying almost $ 20 for a somthing that seems like it should cost $ 5 . Buy some rope for under a dollar and save the rest of your money for something fun on your trip .
 I got this and it was dusty and looked as if it was in the back of someones garage for 10 years . I had to clean it before I set it up . Overall , I 'd be nervous of the vendor that sold it to me . Otherwise , it 's somewhat useful and , although the color was n't what I expected , it holds lots of CD 's and DVD 's and hides them away pretty well .
 While these look adorable , they were a pain to use . I ended up with a huge mess and only a few messy sandwiches . WIsh I could return them , I hate wasting money !
 I bought this for my 16 month old and the chair popped in less than a week ! I did n't realize that when I purchased this chair that it was made of plastice , like a beach ball .
 My son loved the silly seat , but it did n't stand up to extended play . After standard two-year-old play -LRB- dragging it around , flipping it upside down , sitting on it constantly -RRB- , it developed leaks in two of the air chambers . We could n't find the leaks to fix them , so we got rid of the toy , three months after we got it . I also thought the batteries were extremely difficult to replace . The whole thing was extremely frustrating and disappointing .
 I bought my 1 and 4 year olds both a chair , and they loved them . The fact that they loved the chairs made it even harder when they both started to deflate within 3 days . The concept of the chairs are cute and would make a great seat and toy if they were better made . The material is very durable looking , but I guess the seams are n't together well enough . The chair will not stay inflated , and the more you try to put air in it once it starts to deflate the worse it gets . After this happened I got on and looked at other peoples reviews , and most of the reviews said that there chairs deflated also . Do n't waist your money .
 I purchased this chair for my nephew who adores Blue . It popped within a couple of days ... just came apart at the seams . James was so disappointed and I just ca n't bring myself to waste the money on a second one when clearly it is the quality of the product and not just a fluke .
 When I saw the reviews for this item I thought that it would be ok since my daughter is just 2 and particularly gentle with her toys . I bought it anyway and my daughter absolutely loved it while it lasted which was about 3 weeks . One morning it just started deflating with no warning . It was a sad morning . A silly silly silly silly silly silly silly silly morning .
 My son totally loved having his very own `` Blue Clue Chair '' but after a week , it literally fell apart at the seams ! Now I have to blow it up every morning and within an hour or two , it is deflated again . I tried repairing the tear in the seam but nothing will hold . If your child is rough or big for his age , this is NOT the toy for you .
 My one year old son received this chair as a gift from his aunt . We blew it up as soon as we opened it . Unfortunately the next day it deflated . I tried applying a patch to it , but since the hole is in the seam , the patch wo n't hold . An obvious manufacturer 's defect . But being the crazy parent that I am , I blow that darn chair up a couple times a day b/c my son does love it . He carries it around from room to room and likes to push the paw button .
 I bought this chair for both my 4 year old son and 2 year old daughter they both lasted a day before they riped at the seam and deflated I think its a factory defect because both chairs got holes in the same place anyway my kids loved them but they were very upset when they popped if you dont want to listen to your child crying for a week dont get this I ended up spending more money on those soft fold out sofas which we bought shortley after christmas and so far they have lasted much longer my kids are rough on toys things just need to hold up to every day abuse these chairs just didnt pass the kid test . I think this item should be discontinued or at least made of more durable material I have purchased other inflatebale toys and they have held up nicely .
 they both leak . the first one leaked from the beginning . in a matter of a few hours , the back portion had deflated . the second one lasted about a month before it too started to leak . my kids loved them for the brief time they worked , but now they 're useless ... i ca n't understand how this happened since they 've lived in our carpeted den the entire time .
 I bought 2 Talking Silly Seat for my 3 and 5 year old We blew it up and by the next morning it was deflated
 I bought this for my son when he was 2 . It lasted about a week . He was n't rough with it and only sat in it to watch his fave show Blues Clues . It started to deflate and he was very upset . I thought maybe our cat got ahold of it so I bought him another one . Only for that one to last 2 weeks . With that one I made sure the cat never sat on it and put it up when he was not playing with it . He loved the chair and we went through a week of crying for it . Not worth the price or seeing my child so upset after it deflated . The material just was n't sturdy enough .
 The rating system is skewed too high for this product . It has never inflated properly , would not hold air when inflated and has been a dead loss both money-wise and as a thoughtful gift . Even giving it a `` 1 '' rating is overestimating its ' worth , in my humble opinion .
 When this toy was given to my son as a gift it was absolutely wonderful since my son who was just under 2 at the time saw it he went ballistic he was so thrilled since he is a big Blue 's Clues fan unfortunatly the chair popped a whole in it in under a month and my son was devastated over the loss . Would n't recommend this for any child who is overly active and with children on or around the age of 2 well do n't know many children who are n't active
 This is the perfect size and weight . It works great in the kitchen so it is used all the time .
 The product is cute , but it was packaged in a flimsy cardboard box with a tiny piece of deflated bubble wrap between the two parts . Needless to say , the salt shaker broke in half . I fixed it with super glue cause I figured it was just too much of a pain to send back . Also , be sure to pour the salt or pepper into your hand and not directly onto you food , as the holes are way too big .
 I needed this item for a holiday present . The pepper shaker arrived broken . They would n't allow me to replace it . I had to send the pair back for a refund . I did receive my refund , but I missed the holiday .
 I got this as a special gift for someone and remembered seeing them around places where I live , they were bigger and when I tried to find them again they were gone . First Amazon put them in a really lame box that was partially open when I got it , the product was about to fall out ! These S&P shakers are quite small but the price + shipping was too large . Do n't think I 'm going to order any more from amazon ... too many disappointments lately .
 Thought it was a nice little memento , so I sent it as a gift , but it arrived broken much to my chagrin .
 These are made of plastic . They both leak out of the seams where the plastic is welded together . Find something else .
 The holes in both salt and pepper shakers are to big and let too much salt or pepper out at once .
 got this product poorly packed and to my surprise it was very small indeed all for a price of $ 11.98 . Of course i wasnt very pleased with this item .
 the salt shaker was defective -- can not use it . so would advise not to buy . also it does not look that nice in reality
 I had bought these as a gift and am rather disappointed . There is a link to an external site that amazon has on this page for seemingly the same product with the same pictures and all , but that one shows these as being made of ceramic . Be advised that these are cheap plastic shakers with very noticeable plastic seams on them . The holes of the pepper shaker do not look big enough for `` normal '' pepper and the salt ones look to big for salt so you 'd get too much . They are really light weight and I 'm afraid that if my sister uses them too rough or clanks them on the counter they 'll break . Also does n't help that now the listed price is less than half what I paid a week ago -LRB- $ 11 -RRB- . My suggestion is if you 're going to buy these and they are listed at more than $ 5 do n't bother . The shipping estimate is 2 pounds and these things according to the packing label are only 5oz . It 's very misleading . I paid $ 5 in shipping for it to come in a plastic baggie with the cardboard box -LRB- got crushed in delivery -RRB- . I do not believe I was sent what this amazon ad was originally for though judging by that the original price is listed as $ 60 it ca n't be for these things since no one in their right mind would pay $ 60 for these plastic things .
 I looked at the reviews , and figured that the negative comments were just a few pissed off people who wanted to vent so I put my faith in product because I know some people can be over dramatic about stuff.I was wrong . This is a crap product . I wish mine showed up plastic like one comment states , it did show up ceramic . I know this because when I opened the perfectly looking box the salt shakers were in a thousand pieces . clearly an inferrer product that cant withstand shipping . dont waste your time .
 I bought these adorable salt and pepper shakers as a gift for my mother-in-law . They arrived quickly , but poorly packaged and damaged beyond recognition . Our only recourse is to have HER return the package for a refund . They should just send her a new set . Well , I will get my money back , and buy these elsewhere .
 the holes are way too big for salt and pepper . they will just pour out.this item will def . be a return . these are a complete knock-off of the ones i had purchased from the MOMA museum . very dissapointed .
 My wife and I love the original Hug salt and pepper shaker . We decided to get this version on amazon b/c it was a good deal cheaper , but we were disappointed to find that it had scratches on it upon arrival . In particular , the scratches were noticeable on the black one , which just ca n't work , even at a bargain price .
 These are super cute , but the holes are huge and the salt/pepper POUR out way too fast !! I wish I had of read the reviews before I bought it . Shipped quickly though .
 The actually item looks very different from the picture . As the review suggests , it 's NOT made of ceramic and the plastic looks cheap . The design is interesting but I do n't think it 's a good idea for a superior gift . And do n't bother if it 's over 10 bucks-you will regret it .
 When I received the product , it was slightly different from the original `` Hugs '' salt and pepper shown in the picture . The eye holes are much larger than the original , causing too much salt to come out ! :-RRB- I was not very happy with the product , and advise others to purchase the original version from the MoMA design store , rather than this cheap knock-off .
 This is cheap plastic , with very visible seams . You could buy something better at a dollar store . An extremely poor quality item .
 I ordered these salt and pepper shakers for a christmas gift . I searched everywhere for a decent price and thought this was the winning set -LRB- little did I know it wasnt -RRB- I waited a good 3 weeks in anticipation for them to arrive . When the day finally came , I unwrapped the box and to my surprise was two cheap looking shakers . In the pictures they looked cermamic and not plastic -LRB- they are plastic -RRB- . You could see the slits in the sides and the eyes were HUGE holes . I wish I had read some reviews before purchasing them . Hopefully this helps future buyers . These are not what you want !!
 I bought this with intentions of giving it as a gift . There is no way I would ever give someone this the way it came , a tiny generic brown box ! These were ceramic not plastic like some people are saying , but I ended up getting a different gift since this was underwhelming
 I loved this item online but when i received it the white salt shaker has a brown spot on it , thus I ended up returning it . Furthermore , even if it was not damaged , the things look kinda creepy in person . Almost like a couple of zombie-ghosts . Not cute . Just creepy .
 these glasses are beautiful ! but i must tell you something which will make you sad ... my daughter just bought 20 of these glasses @ the christmas tree shop for $ 1.69 / glass ... . the same glasses , stamped on the bottom with `` Bormioli Rocco '' ... what a bargain !
 These These glasses do not hold 147/8 oz . They hold 12oz . I am very disappointed ! They are very sturdy , however I was looking for more volume .
 These glasses try to be artistic and funky , and from all the 5 star reviews that 's what you 'd expect . I bought them and was really disappointed . They are just plain ugly .
 I received this slow cooker as a wedding gift 3 years ago and we had only used it a handful of times . Last week , I made chili in it . Halfway through my bowl , I took a bite and my tongue suddenly hurt and was bleeding profusely . I quickly spit out my bite and found a shard of glass about half an inch long ! After further investigation , I found the lip on the inside of the glass lid was flaking off in one spot . I have never dropped or slammed the lid in any way , shape or form , so for the lid to be flaking glass is a complete mystery to me . I pulled another half inch shard of glass out of my tongue about 30 minutes later . My husband and I wrote KitchenAid and explained what had happened and we still have n't gotten a response ! In my opinion , this is a HUGE problem and the fact that they are ignoring us is rather upsetting . Please , do n't buy this product ! From cracked bases -LRB- from other reviews -RRB- to what happened to me , it 's just not worth the money . I , for one , will never buy another KitchenAid product .
 My 7-quart Slow Cooker cracked while cooking on Low . Having heard a noise from the kitchen luckily I checked under the container and saw it was leaking - I was just about to leave the house . Customer service not very helpful , nor did they acknowledge any general problem with the appliance , even though I see others have had the same experience .
 We loved this slow cooker - almost 2 years of use , used maybe 10 times . Just took it out to use again and noticed a hairline crack right through the middle . Based on the feedback here , going to try to get the insert replacement OR just look for another crockpot . Luckily we got ours at a really good deal , so it 's not that hard to give up .
 Do not buy this product ! I have been using this crock pot for the last few years -LRB- about 5-10 times a year -RRB- . I just went into the kitchen to check on my dinner and saw the huge crack that was running from the top edge of the liner all the way through to the bottom . I can not believe that something so thick could crack so easily . I expected this product to last a lifetime and that was why I originally was willing to spend the money on it . I will not be making that mistake again .
 Like many others , my pot developed a small crack soon after purchase . By the time it became a big issue -LRB- smoking up house after arriving home from work -RRB- , the unit was over 1 year old , so out of warranty . KA denies that this is a systemic issue and will not replace -LRB- will give `` special price '' on replacement -RRB- . After seeing other reviews , i will move on to another brand . Not worth the money and the risk of burning down my house .
 Would not purchase this again and I 'm no longer interested in any KitchenAid appliance.This is the most dreadful experience I 've ever had with a cooking issue . During the past 18 to 24 months I have gone through at least 4 and possibly 5 crocks . Each one has developed hairline cracks following one or two uses . The most recent crock lasted about 4 uses before it broke . The company knows it has problems . They wo n't recall and my last email about the problem was totally ignored.I am no longer interested in any KitchenAid equipment !
 The pot cracks - i 'm on my 3rd replacement - that 's all i can say - dont buy it - waste of money ! would have given 0 stars if i could . .
 Boought a Kitchen Aid Crockpot about a year or so ago the first crock cracked on the second use contacted Kitchen Aid and they replaced the pot at no charge and the second one cracked in the same spot on the second use at that point they wanted me to pay for a replacement which did n't seem like a profitable idea so now I have a crock pot that cost over a hundred dollars that is worthless . I figure the cost of the four meals prepared in it were expensive since it was over twenty five dollars for each use of the crockpot . My advice , do not buy this crock pot !
 Do n't buy it or you 'll be sorry . The guarantee should be that the crock will crack and Kitchen Aid will replace it while under warranty . But guess what , that beautiful roast you were trying to cook is ruined and your counter will be a mess . And do n't even think of leaving the house while you are using this or you might burn your house down.I honestly do n't see how KA can continue to sell this product . I purchased this cooker because we needed more room than our smaller rival cooker that has lasted for many years with NO problems . I did n't read any reviews till it was too late . OOps!Our cooker worked great the first time we used it . So the second time we set it overnight to wake up with a huge mess in our kitchen . How could this be ? Well the crock cracked and leaked all over the place.Long story short . KA will never get my business again . That 's how strongly I feel about how shoddy this item is and about how they do n't care about the customer .
 I have had one of these units now for about 3 years and have had ... get this ... 5 liners . Yes , you read that right , I said five . They have all cracked on the bottom of the unit as if my cooker overheats on the bottom . Well , I have called Kitchen-Aid so often now that they know me and they replaced the cooker portion once too but still the liners cracked . They kept questioning me as to how I was using the unit -LRB- believe me , I know how to use these -RRB- and I kept reassuring them that I was not putting a chilled liner in a hot base , etc. . . Also , it is true that there is a continuing problem with these liners and that there is a thread about it on their site - I have contributed my 2-cents worth there , also.I am so very fed up with this unit and so I started wondering about an alternative material like cast iron for a liner . Makes sense right ? Well with some cooler weather this week , I was pondering this again and I happened to see an episode of Simply Ming and he had a unit that he braised beef right on the gas cooktop then put in the liner . This episode and my desires kicked off an investigation on the web and I learned that he had the All-Clad Deluxe model cooker which I ca n't find on here , :-LRB- . I did find it at Williams Sonoma for $ 279 , ouch ! The liner is thick solid cast aluminum rather than cast iron . I am now on a hunt to find this model for a good price so if anyone beats me to it , please share and post a reply :-RRB- . NO more cracked liners or Kitchen Aid appliances for me . My toaster that I got in April - dead as a doornail . Kitchen Aid is no longer synomous with quality in my opinion .
 On my 5th use the pot cracked . Very dissappointed with the quality for such an expensive product . I 've been a kitchenaid fan for a long time but between bad coffee pots and this item I will be looking elsewhere .
 Even tho this was an expensive purchase , I bit the bullet because of the Kitchenaid name . Big mistake !!!! I have gone through 2 crocks and and a heating unit . The first crock cracked during it 's first use . I returned it to the store for a replacement . Second crock cracked -LRB- again during use -RRB- . This time the liquid seeped out and burnt out the heating unit . I am so Thankful it did n't cause a fire . I certainly would not recommend leaving this product unattended.I contacted Kitchenaid and was told I could purchase a new crock for $ 37 . After reading all the reviews -LRB- should have done that BEFORE purchase -RRB- I noted everyone was having trouble with the crock cracking.My biggest complaint is that Kitchenaid has known about this problem for several years and has done nothing to correct it . I have to wonder if it 's their way of gouging their customers for more money . You hate to throw out a $ 150 . crockpot when you can buy a replacement crock for $ 37 . Trouble is after a few uses that one will crack also.Kitchenaid name certainly does not stand for the quality or cutomer service it once did .
 I just bought one of these today at BB&B . I like the design better than the more expensive All-Clad slow cooker . Technically it 's a great slow cooker . It 's expensive , but I decided to take the plunge to replace the $ 25 crock pot I 've been using for the last 15 or so years . I love the size , features , design , and looks . However upon using it for the first time I realized that , just as another reviewer described , the lid does not seal properly . There 's a sizable gap between the lid and crock , even with the silicone surround seal . I can tell by looking at the ceramic crock that it 's warped or misshapen . Seems the issues people are having with these are related to the poorly manufactured crocks . I 'm taking it back to the store tomorrow . I looked at a bunch of these , and I really liked this model , even over the $ 150 All-Clad . However , based on other reviews , I do n't feel like I can trust the crock design and even if I get another one it may eventually fail . I expect more for this kind of money . My $ 25 crock pot , with a simple plastic lid -LRB- and no fancy seal -RRB- has a better seal than this thing . Too bad ... I 'd really like to like this one but just do n't trust it for the long haul .
 I bought this as a gift for my wife who has used our $ 15 Rival crockpot for 30 years . The KitchenAid KSC700 looked like the best . BUT BE WARNED ... these pots crack even when they have been handled properly . Our unit was NEVER handled improperly , but it developed crack after crack . It still worked fine , but by the time we got up to six or seven cracks , we were afraid to use it . When we called KitchenAid , they essentially blamed it on us . I pointed out to them that we had been using the Rival we got as a wedding gift for over 30 years and THAT pot NEVER cracked . They offered to sell us a new pot/insert for $ 40 - enough to by two cheap Rivals that wo n't crack . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THAT YOU DO NOT BUY THIS UNIT .
 I bought mine on another site . It had little bubbles throughout the glaze in the crock . I called KitchenAid and asked them `` what gives '' ? I could see the red clay inside some of the air bubbles in the glaze . KitchenAid rep was ultimately defensive and nasty and said it did n't have anything to do with performance and she went further to say that they 've had ZERO complaints with this item ... Is that so ? What about all these negative Amazon reviews about cracked crocks ? Either the KitchenAid rep was lying or she was a moron ... is either response OK?I took this back to the place I bought it and asked to see another of the same -LRB- to see if the crock was bad -- perhaps I 'd merely exchange instead of return ... -RRB- ALL the crocks in each of the boxes of each KitchenAid slow cooker had bubbles in the glaze and we opened 4 boxes before we stopped looking.Oh yeah , another thing
 We had this over 2 years before it cracked , but it DID crack and it now leaks . KitchenAid will no budge on this -1 year from date of purchase warranty . It will cost you $ 45 to get a replacement -LRB- and since -LRB- according to KitchenAid -RRB- there is no problem with it - it will likely break again . Check into the Cuisinart Slow Cooker -LRB- not really great reviews on that one either , but at least it has a 3 year warranty -RRB- .
 Bought the 7 QT slow cooker a few months ago . Tried to use it for the first time yesterday . After six hours on high not one single degree rise in temperature . Total failure . I Called KitchenAid and based on the serial number they said warranty period had elapsed and they would not replace the unit even though it had never been used . The best part , however , is that they offered to sell me another cooker at the same price they sell it to retailers !! In effect no discount-they just bypassed the retailer and made the same profit on the 2nd unit .
 I 've had this slow cooker for about two years . In that time , I have had THREE ceramic inserts crack . I am always super , super careful about liquid levels , temperature and hand washing . After the first time the insert cracked , I called Kitchenaid and asked them if there was anything I could be doing differently , because I did n't understand why this thing had cracked . They assured me I was doing everything correctly . Still , I was so gentle and careful with the replacement . Guess what ? It cracked , too . I paid for yet another replacement , and now it has cracked . There is no rhyme or reason for this . I think we must be dealing with flawed design or sub-standard materials in this slow cooker . I 've talked to friends who own slow cookers by different makers and they all say they 've never had an issue with cracked inserts.There is no way I am going to pay for a fourth insert . I am shopping for a new slow cooker and this thing is going off to electronic recycling . Kitchenaid really ought to recall this product.I will say that I think the programmable controls are easy to use , and the size of this cooker allows you to make very large servings , which is great for crowds . However , it is very heavy and not fun to lug up to the counter top . The ceramic insert is so large and heavy that it 's difficult to hand wash in a standard sized sink . And you must hand wash it . There is no way I can recommend this slow cooker due to the flawed inserts . Definitely look for a different crock !
 We got the KitchenAid Slow Cooker Red for a gift a few years ago and used it for just under a year and the insert cracked . We called KitchenAid and they replaced the insert under warranty and we used it like once and it cracked . They sent us another and it cracked again . I asked for my money back and they insisted on just sending me a whole new stainless steal slow cooker . We have used that a few times and every time it over cooks the food on the lowest cooking level and ruins our meals . So today I called and said I wanted my money back and they wo n't give me my money back . They just gave me a credit for KitchenAid . This whole ordeal has been such a pain and I am really disappointed in KitchenAid . I just ordered a Sunbeam crock pot and hopefully that one will work well . Do n't waist your time and money on this product .
 DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT . It has some sort of design flaw that causes the crocks to crack . We have gone through 2 . Kitchen Aid replaced the first one under warranty but in spite of all of the customer complaints they do n't acknowledge that there is a flaw in this product .
 I bought this cooker over a year ago . After 6 months the pot cracked . I ordered a replacement ceramic pot , and after 8 months of ` backordered ' , shipped , oops we did n't really ship it , its still on backorder , shipped - defective pot -LRB- not glazed -RRB- , backordered , backordered , and finally a cancellation letter from Kitchenaid Customer Service , stating the product was no longer available ! $ 90 blown for 6 months of use.Kitchenaid has the absolute worst customer service I can recall ever encountering .
 There is so much to love about the design/features of this crockpot that it 's a shame the crock is no good . Kitchenaid provided me with a THIRD crock , which promptly cracked 15 minutes into my pork spareribs this morning . I began to think maybe it 's only because I bought a refurbished unit until I read reviews here , Macy 's , JC Penneys - and more - all saying the same . I ca n't believe they have n't solved the problem . It may well be that the element is just too hot , but then they should issue a recall for all . Do n't be tempted ... it 's a bad product in it 's current state . Too bad I sold my old little crock at a garage sale ! 20 years and it never cracked !
 I too have a cracked crock and in retrospect , it happened within the first couple of uses.My wife is a `` clean freak '' -LRB- in a good way -RRB- and she has kitchen tools and pots/pans from our wedding 31 years ago that still look relatively new.So when it came time to replace our `` el Cheapo Crock Pot '' because although it worked , it did n't look as `` Professional '' when we entertained.And so the choice was clear . What could be better than KitchenAid?Well folks , the `` el Cheapo '' IS BETTER !!! Why ? Because it is not the electronics of this appliance that went bad , rather it was the Crock.My concern was Electronics vs. tried and true , 4 position Switch . High , Low , Warm/Simmer , Off.Who would ever think that the crock , which Humans have been manufacturing for thousands of years would be the problem?So KitchenAid , since your response to me before Christmas was similar to those others who 've complained on here , i.e. , pitiful and arrogant , I 'm sorry to report I bought my wife a Crock-Pot for Christmas.You should be embarrassed for this product , and more importantly , your arrogance in dealing with your customers.We 've become used to American companies sourcing crap from China . But we 're now having to become used to American companies who have Premium brand names not even acknowledging that the crap from China is crap and replacing it.Offering a 1 year warranty proves your products are inferior in quality . But again , warrantying something as proven as an earthenware pot , especially made by the CHINESE , for just 1 year , is atrocious !!! Good bye KitchenAid .
 The insert to my KitchenAid crock pot has also cracked . I am currently trying to find a replacement . The crockpot itself worked well for about 6 months , but came home to liquid leaking over my counter . Worried about how safe the unit is , but it appears that the drainage holes on the bottom just made a mess . Disappointing .
 Ordered the KitchenAid Slow Cooker as an addition to our KitchenAid counter top collection . Sure , I read the reviews , but I knew KitchenAid had a great reputation . In addition to this slow cooker , I remodled our kitchen and purchased 4four KitchenAid appliances . I had problems with all of the 3 except the microwave oven . Apparently , KitchenAid has comprised their quality control on their appliances . This is not what I would expect from a company that I had held high in regard . Consumers who are considering purchasing this appliance should review the KitchenAid consumer forums for this slow cooker and above products before they purchase . I had a very bad experience with their customer servies departments on all of the above . I will never do business with them again .
 The crock keeps cracking in the same exact area !! KitchenAid still refuses to accept it 's a defect . A big ditto to every other negative review on this item . DO NOT BUY !!! it 's not worth the frustration .
 I ordered this slow cooker over the summer , and have n't had an occasion to use it until today . Bought a lovely roast and found a great recipe to try . Lo and behold , 15 minutes into the 8 hour cooking time I heard a loud pop and found a 4 '' crack running up the side of the crock . I immediately unplugged the unit , removed all the food and transferred it to my trusty cast iron dutch oven . Kitchenaid is sending a replacement crock so I do n't have a brand-new , useless $ 130 appliance . Hope the 2nd crock lasts more than 15 minutes .
 I 've used it many times with no problems over a few years . Then I was clumsy and broke the original insert while washing it . The replacement KitchenAid crock arrived a week ago . This insert has NOT been banged around and it has NOT been exposed to extreme temperature swings . That means I waited until it was at room temp before washing it for use and did not place frozen food in it . It was not filled with food , placed into the fridge , then put into the cooker base . Even though it was handled with much care , it cracked within 15 minutes of being used for the first time . Until today , I would have only said good things about the cooker . Obviously I can not recommend it now . I do n't know why I had no issues with the first insert , but the replacement one broke immediately . Not worth the money for sure .
 After 2 years -LRB- I used it 4 or 5 times per year -RRB- the insert crack while using it and made a mess in the main heater part of the slowcooker , almost caught on firedo not buy that crookpot only 1 year warranty on it it 's a shame .
 The product is fundamentally flawed ... it looks good on the surface and out of the box , and seems fine on an initial use or two -- but the ceramic insert is flawed at the core and will crack after just a few uses . I am on my third ceramic insert , in less than a dozen uses overall . Most of all , BEWARE , if you are a now and then user of this type of product -LRB- like me -RRB- , you may not discover the manufacturing and quality flaws through usage until you are beyond the warranty periods . I just got finished with Kitchenaid after yet another ceramic insert has cracked under normal operation -- and of course they will not stand by the poor quality . You must pay full price to replace it . First time around -- they offered a slight discount in acknowledgent of the flaw -- but after that -- you are on your own -- full boat price and no quality consideration or recognition of any responsibility whatsoever . Save yourself the trouble folks -- DO N'T BUY THE KITCHENAID BRAND -- they represent poor Chinese quality , lackluster support , and would rather save a buck or two than sustain a supportive customer relationship . This unit will likely soon go to the trash , and Whirlpool -LRB- the company that owns the brand -RRB- has no interestin making things right . That seems to say it all .
 I got this pot as a wedding gift , and have used it maybe a dozen times in total . After about 6 uses , the ridge on the lid shattered and sent shards of glass into my stew . I called KitchenAid , and even though it was out of warranty they replaced it -LRB- so kudos on that at least . -RRB- I used it once more , then put it into storage for a little over a year . It was safely stored on a shelf in out spare room , with nothing on it or resting near it that would put strain on the crock . I broke it out again about 2 weeks ago , used it to make a lasagna , then used it again today with chicken breasts . After about an hour , I heard a loud pop , checked the lid , so no damage and assumed it was nothing . After the chicken was done , I noticed burnt sauce at the bottom of the unit under the crock . That pop was the crock cracking !!! There have been numerous other reports of this on this and another sites , so PLEASE do not spend serious money on this thing !! Calling KitchenAid tomorrow to complain , I shall see what they say , but now need to find a new pot ...
 This would be a great crock pot if the crock did n't continue to crack . My first one cracked after a year . When I ordered a replacement they told me be sure to thaw the meat first , etc. . I followed instructions exactly and the 2nd one cracked after about 6 uses , so money wasted and I need to find another brand to purchase . There are many , many complaints about this so obviously there 's something wrong , they just wo n't acknowledge it . Buy a Cuisinart instead .
 At first we thought it broke because we cooked a small chicken in it that was n't completely thawed . We called and paid $ 35 for a new liner . We were careful not to put anything that was n't completely thawed in it and it popped and sizzled again . We spent another $ 35 for a new insert and the same thing happened shortly after . Fool me once shame on you , fool me twice same on me . We should have given up after two broken inserts , but the third indicates it must be an engineering or manufacturing flaw . We probably got 8 good meals from it and lost 3 , spending way too much . It 's too bad , because it 's a nice large slow cooker with many settings . We replaced it with a cheap and simple Hamilton Beach cooker that 's smaller but has been completely reliable and has n't broken yet .
 Agree with all comments . 1 -RRB- Overall , the crock pot seems to function well . I have the stainless pot and beware , the outside gets incredibly hot . I make sure to keep it away from everything on the counter when I am cooking something ; 2 -RRB- The lid does not seat properly with the crock . This has n't caused much of a problem and may even be the way it 's designed . I have never had the liquid boil away even if the pot is on high all day ; 3 -RRB- My crock cracked after a year of use . To those who have observed that KitchenAid should stand behind it 's product and replace the crock no questions asked , I agree . They should also redesign the darn crock so it does n't crack and provide a free replacement since this is a well-documented issue . Some writers are on their third replacement for cryin ' out loud !! KitchenAid is a big corporation that has enjoyed a stellar reputation . Since Whirlpool took over , does n't seem that they have the same commitment to quality .
 I am personally on my third crock . All of which have cracked . Twice Kitchen aid was good about replacing the unit , although the csr rep each time told me `` they 'd never heard of it happening before '' ... . I thought surely I could n't be the only person this is happening to that the crock has cracked . The third time I called , I had the original receipt , but because I was not within the manufacturers warranty they would only offer me a 30 % discount on a new one in which I would have to buy from them at that moment . I told the rep each time the unit failed . Key word
 After my experience , I looked up KitchenAid 's website . There they have a forum and a special thread for those who have had their crocks crack . Some people are on their 3rd replacement and the crocks are cracking in the same place every time.MY REVIEW : I bought this KitchenAid slow cooker in black and I really had to talk myself into buying it because it was so expensive . I kept telling myself you get what you pay for . Well , tonight I want to cry because I had just started a pork roast to cook overnight . After leaving the kitchen , my husband and I both heard a loud pop . I went back and found my slow cooker leaking liquid all over the place . I took out the crock , turned it upside-down and found a winding crack all along the bottom.I 've only owned my KitchenAid slow cooker for about 2 weeks and the crack occurred during the third time I used it . At this point I do n't know if I want a replacement slow cooker directly from KitchenAid or whether I want to return the slow cooker to Amazon for a refund . If I got a replacement , I would be nervous to leave it on overnight or when I leave home , which is the whole benefit of having a slow cooker . Worrying about your slow cooker that has a retail price of $ 150 does n't seem like a very good value to me .
 Ordered the KitchenAid Slow Cooker as an addition to our KitchenAid counter top collection . Sure , I read the reviews , but I knew KitchenAid had a great reputation . I 've not had any problems with my other KitchenAid appliances . Two weeks later I knew I was in trouble . I heard loud pops from the kitchen and sure enough the ceramic pot had cracked . A review of the KitchenAid forums supported my experience . Many other loyal KitchenAid consumers had identical experiences . Not only had they experienced the same problem , KitchenAid apparently began blaming consumers for the problem or denying that the appliance had problems . Sure they would honor their year guarantee , by replacing the ceramic pot . In one instance a consumer had hers replaced several times . Apparently , KitchenAid has comprised their quality control on this appliance . This is not what I would expect from a company that I had held high in regard . Consumers who are considering purchasing this appliance should review the KitchenAid consumer forums for this slow cooker . Amazon honored their return policy and I requested a refund .
 We purchased this slow cooker and were looking forward to meals that were no longer dried out and mushy from overcooking . After ONE use , the ceramic cracked and liquid leaked underneath to provide us with a sticky mess . So far , Amazon has made returning this product easy , but I should have been more aware of others who reviewed this for the same problem .
 I bought this slow cooker for my wife , she makes the best crockpot meals and we needed a new crockpot , and thought we 'd purchase this `` higher-end '' slow cooker . Well , our pot has cracked 3 times - that 's right 3 times . One of the pots that KitchenAid sent us was so warped that it rocked like a seesaw , thankfully they replaced it . Each time we thought , maybe the pot was defective - well after this 3rd time , I want my money back . What a major disappointment , and we ruined 3 meals . We must have bad luck because a lot of you out there are not having problems . We do not put frozen meat in the pot and we do not cook on high . We sooo much wanted to love this thing . Oh well .
 Original and 2 replacements had problems . Cheap manufacturing - two had warped lids , all three had defects in the ceramic pots glazing -- bad news b/c a hole in the glazing is a harbor for bacteria . Tested one of them for temps and there was no difference between low/simmer and buffet -- both were ~ 207 degrees . Third unit did n't come with a lid . KitchenAid 's policy that the misfiting lids are due to something other than poor quality manufacturing is a bunch of malarchy . I can buy a cheap 7qt slow cooker if I want this sloppy quality . Wiling to pay more for quality products but the KitchenAid products I have bought over the past 5 yrs are cheap junk . The MBA 's are maximizing short-term profits by riding the KA brand and selling this crud at our expense.Sorry to offend the dedicated KA fans but this is my experience .
 I purchased this crock pot for some of its features and for its size . The second time I used it the ceramic insert cracked . I contacted kitchen aide and they sent me a new insert but this time the crock pot would not heat . They sent me a second crock pot and this one will not heat either . This has been very frustrating especially due to the cost , I have a cheap $ 20 crock pot I have had for 15 years and it works consistently so I guess I will give up the bells and whistles and stick with that !
 I am a HUGE Kitchenaid fan . I love the company , and I love their products . This is the first time I have had a problem . We 've had this product for almost 2 years , and have loved it . It has performed beautifully with no problems , until now . It still looks practically new , despite the frequent use it gets . It cleans easily , easy to use , and the insert is easy to get out . But , we started getting an error on ours . `` ERR 2 '' I looked it up and it says that it is a temperature sensor and that you have to get rid of the product and get another one ! WHAT !?! I spend this kind of money on it for it to last 2 years ? I called the company expecting them to live up to the Kitchenaid name and the trust I have in them and make this right , but I was wrong . I was told it was n't under warranty and that there was nothing they could do except offer me a discount on a new one . I asked why should I spend that kind of money to just have to replace it in 2 more years ? I said I was n't going to spend that much money for it to only last 2 years . She said they normally last much longer . I told her I had to go by my experience , and I 'm not investing that much money into it for it to not last very long .
 I bought this crockpot a little over a year ago , despite the reviews posted here . I would give it 5 stars on performance except that after a few uses , the insert cracked . I called KitchenAid customer service , and they were very courteous and helpful . They replaced the enitre unit at no cost to me . A couple of months later , the insert again cracked . This time customer service said they would send me a new insert , but the crocks were currently on back order . That was November 2009 . In April 2010 , I received a letter from Kitchen Aid advising me that they wanted to replace my entire unit and to give them a call . They were again very courteous , but KitchenAid no longer makes the color I want - they are only offering the stainless steel model . I told them that I no longer wanted their product.What is so disappointing and appalling about this is the fact that KitchenAid is so renowned for their quality products . And the cooker performed just great other than the insert prone to cracking under just normal use . I did not impose anything on the cooker that was not advised in the instruction manual.DO NOT BUY THIS SLOW COOKER.You can find a much better quality and more dependable appliance other than the KitchenAid here at Amazon.com
 The heating element is defective . This is my second one . Do n't know how to return it . Threw away box . Help !
 This slow cooker works OK , but not worth the money compared to other similar products.The worse part is the clean up of the inside aluminum cooking area . After cooking the first roast beef a little juice got on the aluminum . After cooking the roast and using normal cleaning methods and then using Ajax , steel-wool and several other items to remove the stains it was impossible . The engineers who designed this product must never have cooked in their life and never expected anything to dirty the pot , otherwise they would have selected another material . No one wants to spend nearly one half hour on trying to remove a small stain and then not be able to accomplish such a small task . KithchenAid dropped the ball with this item . : - -LRB- Plus , there are other slow cookers on the market that work as good and a lot less expensive .
 I purchased my first Crock Pot and the crock cracked after just a few uses , thought I must have banged it up and I did like the unit so I purchased another full unit to replace the crock since I could n't find a replacement in stock online . The second crock cracked as well so I called Kitchen Aid and they said the pots were defective and they had changed manufacturers . They sent me out a replacement for the second unit but refused to send me out one for the first one since it was out of warranty , even though the same thing happened . I now have a 3rd cracked crock so I have 2 crock pot units with no pot to use them ... I am so disappointed in Kitchen Aid . Now I am trying to find replacement crocks so I do n't have to buy another crock pot . If I dont find replacements at a cheap enough price , I am tossing both units and getting something that Kitchen Aid does n't manufacture . Sheesh !
 i am a great fan of KitchenAid products
 The inner ceramic pot keeps cracking . I went through three of them before Kitchen Aide offered our money back . Alas , I did n't take them up on their offer because I was just too freaking tired of dealing with all the fuss over this cookware . I have better things to do . It 's in the garage . I may use it again if I can find an inner pot that fits at Bed , Bath , and Beyond . The replacements they kept sending keep cracking around the bottom , in the same exact place everytime . Do not buy this pot . It 's from China . You can get better for half the price .
 I bought this crock pot with the expectation that it would live up to great reviews and the high price . I 've had it for about 2 years now , and am on my third crock . The first 2 cracked within the first few uses . This one has lasted longer , but only because I have n't used the crock pot ! I think this one has allowed me to use it 3 or 4 times , but tonight it cracked , leaving me with a huge , burned mess inside the unit . I called KitchenAid and was told I was out of the warranty period , but could order a new crock for $ 38 . I asked if the new crocks had been modified so they would n't crack , and was told they had n't . Why would I want to spend $ 38 on yet another crock that will most likely crack within the first few uses ??? KitchenAid refused to do anything for me , and I was yelled at by the supervisor I asked to be connected with
 Please listen to the reviews on this product . I had mine for about a year . I was using it one day and heard a loud `` POP '' and my liner had cracked . After looking for replacement liners , I found that others had the same problem I did with the liner cracking . Kitchenaid obviously has an engineering problem with the liner and I 'm not even going to bother trying to get another liner . I 'm sure I can get a much better product for the price as a new liner . Beware ! This product is not worth the money !
 I looked forward to receiving this and was so disappointed after it cracked on about the fourth time I used it . I continued to use it this way until it leaked through and made it impossible . It seems to me that for a slow cooker it gets much too hot on the low setting -LRB- which is what I use most frequently -RRB- I have been unsuccessfully trying to locate a new insert , hoping I would not have this problem again . I loved the size , the appearance and the convenience of using the crockpot . This was the second one I have had that did this . The first one literally exploded . It had been a gift and I did n't know if there had been something wrong already and so bought another one from the CHEF 'S catalog .
 This is the second one of these crock pots I 've had . The first one had a crack in the ceramic pot after just a couple of uses so I went to the store and replaced it -LRB- it was still new -RRB- . I had n't used it for about a year until today . When I pulled the ceramic out after the meal to clean it there was the dreaded glob o ' crispy goo on the inside of the cooker . Sure enough , I found a hairline crack in the ceramic pot . Twice is enough for me . The crock pot goes in the trash and I go looking for a different brand tomorrow .
 I like a well made and good looking product which is why we registered for this slow cooker -LRB- Kitchen Aid KSC700SS -RRB- when we got married in 2007 . We just started using it and after 3 uses , the glass lid shattered while cooking . VERY DANGEROUS !!! We made beef stew and after 7 hours of cooking , we were almost ready to eat . I lifted the to check the meat for doneness and then returned to the cooker 15 min later and the lid had shattered around the edge -LRB- about 1/2 in from the rubber gasket -RRB- . Wow ! It looked like a broken car windshield . We gingerly removed it by sliding it off on a cookie sheet and had to dispose of the entire meal . What a disappointment !!!! Now we 're waiting for a response from the Kitchen Aid `` Safety '' department . Is n't the glass supposed to be tempered ? It 's over 3 years old so I 'm certain out of warranty . With this issue and the potential for cracks to the ceramic pot , I would STAY AWAY from this slow cooker !!!!
 I read all the reviews before I bought mine . Most were so positive that I was convinced , but on my third use , I heard a loud pop and sure enough , the crock cracked across the bottom . I followed all the rules , I just think this is a flawed product and I do n't want a replacement . What a hassle ! I do n't know if I 'll be sucessful in getting my money back because it 's over 60 days and besides , it 's broken now . My husband says I should just throw it in the garbage . I 'm frustrated that the quality of things is so shoddy - even when you pay big money ! In addition , it 's extremely heavy -LRB- 22 pounds or something -RRB- and it takes up a ton of space in the cabinet and on the counter . My lid does n't fit well and I found the rubber strip around the lid difficult to clean . You have to take it off and wipe it with a dishrag . It says you can put it in the dishwasher , but then it 's just full of dirty water when it 's done . I wish I 'd listened to the people who were n't happy with this cooker . I regret buying it . I ca n't believe anyone is happy with it . Furthermore , the KitchenAid website stated this slow cooker was made in the USA , which I felt justified its high price , but when it arrived , it said `` Made in China '' all over it . I 'm really disappointed in KitchenAid - and in this product specifically .
 Broke two minutes after we plugged it in for the first time . High price for made in China .
 Just adding my 2 cents worth to everyone else 's ... I love the way the unit cooks but the cracked crock is a ... crock
 Well our crock cracked again yesterday . This is our 2nd replacement and now we are out of warranty , so we would have to pay for the part ourselves . A new ceramic crock insert is $ 79 ! Outrageous ! I wish I would have known before I spent $ 140 thinking I would have this slow cooker for years .
 It is a beautiful looking and nice sized crock pot . However , after about 5 uses , I got the crack all along the base , with a small chunk of porcelain taken out , which I did n't notice until after we ate the food . They sent me out a new one -LRB- by the way , the color I originally purchased was discontinued , so they sent me the stainless steel , just one more way I 'm not getting what I paid for -RRB- . The FIRST time I used the replacement , I hear it pop , and sure enough hairline crack along the base . They should take a serious look at the design of this product , instead of just sending out consumers replacements time and time again . She did offer me a buy-back , at HALF the price !! Uh , no thanks . This is a faulty design , and I should not be punished for it . By the way , the customer service reps like to boast that this product is # 1 in customer sales , but I 've check Consumer Reports , and it is actually # 11 on customer satisfaction -LRB- among other slow cookers that are priced at half the price -RRB- . I did take another replacement , but am scared to even use it . What 's the point of a slow cooker , if you have to `` warm '' the food before putting it in , and you have to keep your eye on it ? I would n't buy this product if it was $ 1 . And I will think twice before purchasing any other KitchenAid products either .
 I bought a Kitchen Aid Slow Cooker KSC700 mostly based on the recommendations in the Cook 's Illustrated review . Despite some of the experiences from other customers , I ordered one anyway hoping Kitchen Aid had maybe address this problem . My first one cracked on the third time , the second on the first time , all within 20-45 mins of starting . As per the reviews , I was very careful not to put in anything that was too hot/cold . Kitchen Aid was happy to replace the crock liner the first time but the second time they denied this was a problem and rather begrudgingly will send another one . I was surprised at the poor quality of not only their product -LRB- we have many of their appliances -RRB- , but their customer service . I will try the third crock but feel it ca n't be left alone for long because of the potential fire hazard .
 The exterior of unit was so hot that when my husband touched it the first time I used it he got burned . I phoned KitchenAid to ask about it and was told that this was normal . I said the safety warnings in the instruction manual did not warn about burns or excessive heat on the exterior and was told they did - this was why they warned to keep out of the reach of children . -LRB- Pretty much a direct quote . -RRB- Not an adequate warning , in my opinion.The third time I used it , the glass lid shed many shards of glass into the food . During cooking , they cracked off the ridge running around the lid 's inside . The lid had not been dropped or mistreated in any way . A lot of almost invisible sharp glass slivers got in the food that we did not notice until we chewed some . They came from almost all around the inner ridge of the lid . Neither of us knows if we swallowed any . I called KitchenAid and told them what happened and the model and serial number , called the doctor , and took photos . The day after it happened I called KitchenAid again to see if other owners of units produced in the same batch as ours had been or would be notified , but could not get an answer . -LRB- The KitchenAid representative did not seem concerned about a product that spewed glass slivers into food we had eaten - the day before they said to return it and they would send another . -RRB- I thought maybe they did not believe me and asked for an email address to send the photos , hoping they would take it seriously and notify owners of other potentially defective lids . The representative said there was no email address except I should look on the web site . The web site has a place to send email , but no apparent place to send an attachment.This product , if typical , is far below KitchenAid 's usual standards . I purchased it relying on the high quality of my other KitchenAid products and was willing to pay a lot more for it than other slow cookers - and to wait for it to be shipped - in order to get what I believed would be a quality product that I could use for many years.I do n't recommend it after having this experience . As far as cooking goes , it cooked the first two meals well - although I became concerned after the third meal , wondering if we had swallowed any glass while eating the first two . The third meal would have been cooked fine except for the glass slivers.I do love my other KitchenAid products and have had wonderful service from KitchenAid in the past , but am extremely disappointed this time .
 Love the timer , love the size
 Inner bowl cracked after just 6 uses . Totally disapointed . The inner bowl is as much a new crock ! Funny that they deny the issue but are selling inner bowls . Hmmmm .
 We 've had our cooked just about a year now and during one of the first times it was used , we heard a loud crack about 40 minutes into the cooking -LRB- low heat -RRB- . I just dismissed this as a ` normal ' sound and did n't give it much thought . Heard the same thing next few times the cooker was used and then I noticed burnt food on the aluminum interior and wondered how I managed to spill something in there.The last time the crock was used , I noticed fine cracks in the crock , one of which was on both inside and outside . some were only visible on the outside . The cracks lined up with the burnt food stains on the interior.I 've since seen plenty of negative reviews of the cooker on numerous forums and decided to call Kitchen Aid to see about a replacement liner . The rep that answered the phone was very helpful and after a few minutes discussion with her `` supervisor '' , she told me they are going to replace the ENTIRE cooker with a newer model as the cracks represented a `` safety issue '' . The KSC700SS0 model is no longer available so they are sending the new replacement .
 Ok folks , I bought my wife this slow cooker for a gift . She was very excited to use it for the first time . However , after our first meal was cooked we realized the ceramic dish that the meal cooks in had cracked . We returned this particular one and had a new one shipped to us . However , after turning this one on -LRB- the replacement -RRB- for the first time with a nice meal in it to be cooked , we realized it was cool to the touch . The cooker LED lights were on like it was cooking , but it was not ! Our meal was not even remotely warm and nowhere cooked . I took out the ceramic container that the raw roast was in and felt the inside of this slow cooker to see if it was warm/hot , and of course it was cold . This was was not even cooking even though the lights said otherwise . All this happened after about two hours of being supposedly on and cooking.Needless to say , I will never buy another kind of this product !
 I see I am the only 2 -LRB- or 3 -RRB- star reviewer for the cooker . Here 's the deal
 even though I read other 's reviews and knew the pot could crack , I knew this would n't happen to me . Ha ! The first time I used it after about 20 min , I heard a pop . I wish I had listed to other reviews .
 I looked at the description and the picture ... I knew the fan was not going to look exactly the same ... however , I did expect it to NOT have the ability to open all the way and to NOT have the silk hooks for easy attachment ... So , needless to say , I am very disappointed .
 I have bought hundreds of products over the past several years through Amazon , and this is the first time I 've felt compelled to review something becuase of how bad the product is . I guess it 's true when they say you do n't hear from most people unless they 're unhappy - although I do contact management when we feel that an individual has done an exceptional job . This tea kettle has got to be the worst consumer product I have ever purchased - especially at this price . It makes all kinds of gurgling sounds as the water heats up , spits water out of the spout as it boils and the whistle is very sporadic . After only a few uses , rust marks already started appearing . I thought I would be getting something special at this price , but any tea kettle I 've owned at less than $ 30 is far superior to this . This thing is so bad , I could n't even give it away - it 's gone straight into the garbage and has turned me off from ever buying a Chantal product again .
 A wretched design . The lid does n't fit well , so most of the steam escapes through it , leaving only enough pressure for an weak whistle . -LRB- If you push down on the lid it 'll give a nice harmonica sound . -RRB- The non-insulated handle is ugly as well as inconvenient . The attachment point has visible lockwashers sticking out . There are lots of little places where it looks like the designers did n't know what they were doing.Tou can get a much better kettle for $ 30 .
 I am so disappointed with this sleeping bag . I bought it for my daughter 's 5th birthday and since the age was 3-7 , figured it would be the perfect size . Though my daughter is a little tall for her age , she certainly is n't the height of a 7 year old !!! She still should have had plenty of room to sleep in this sleeping bag . However , it was too small for her ! She could n't use the pillow as her head went past it ! THIS IS WAY TOO SMALL FOR ANYONE OVER 3 or 4 years old , especially if your child is tall for her age .
 We were as disappointed on receiving this slicer as we were excited anticipating it . We 've talked for years of getting a slicer . The other review -LRB- aluminum , stainless steel , easy to clean -RRB- convinced us this was the model for us of the many available at amazon -LRB- . com -RRB- . Clearly , we have a different opinion on quality and what the price of this item should bring with it.The prime reason we returned this slicer after inspecting it is that it is unreasonably difficult to clean and sanitize . The plastic trolley and plastic pusher come off and can be hand washed in mild soapy water -LRB- no dishwasher -RRB- ... after which the trolley rail needs to be re-oiled using a brush to reach the proper surfaces.BUT , the slicing guide -LRB- against which you push the food while slicing -RRB- is permanently attached to the unit . Cleaning this surface is not even discussed in the manual . How do you spell bacteria and food poisoning ? Meat fats will not come off without soap/detergent - a simple wipe is not enough . So , perhaps repetitive sponge washes and rinses are intended . To sterilize ? A bleach/water solution sponged on would do it . Easy ? I do n't think so.Then we come to the blade . Either follow the same procedure to clean it - or remove it with a coin -LRB- and many rotations of the screw -RRB- to clean the back side as well . You 'll then find the nylon gear attached to the blade 's back that is covered with vasoline -LRB- the recommended lubricant -RRB- . Sudsy water -LRB- again no dishwasher -RRB- will disolve this , so re-lube before reassembling - also putting vasoline on a -LRB- ... -RRB- black plastic gasket that protects the motor -LRB- and looks like it would n't last many years -RRB- . There , was n't that easy ? Well , perhaps not that bad if you intend to only use this slicer once or twice a year . We roast all of our own meats and had planned on using the slicer once or twice a week to slice lunch meats and cheeses . My wife is a food safety expert , and no way were we going to use this without regular sanitizing ... and that is way too much work given the design . Back to the old knife and cutting board , thick as those slices may be.The main description of the product calls it ` rugged aluminum and stainless steel ' - basically what we wanted to hear for a professional unit in this price range . The number of cheap plastic parts was a big disappointment . The description -LRB- and the box -RRB- refer to a ` beautiful serving tray ' - -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Ordered the Bionaire 911D but received another brand from the secondary supplier . Under `` Product Description '' Depending on availability , you may receive a replacement model CB11 . I did not see this when ordering thru Amazon and guess what ? I did receive the CB11 which I did not want . Good thing is I called the Company and got a RA number and have sent them back for the correct Bionaire but this meant an unplanned trip to the local post office and now a new pin pal to recoup the shipping cost . Bait and Switch ?!!!
 I got disappointed after the first use.I was making pancakes and spatula literally MELTED . I still ca n't take the leftovers off my brand new frying pan ... And when I was cooking meat next time I used another potted spatula . . Guess what happened ????? YES ! It melted too ! Not completely of course , but the part that was touching the pan.Please do n't buy this set if you do n't wan na waste your almost 100 $ for nothing .
 This was over priced and very poor quality . The tools are flimsy and do n't fit very nice in the holder . If you like quality keep looking .
 OXO if you read this please do something about contact info . You ask for phone number and I dont want to give it . Even when adding a number there is a repeated error message . Please get your act together this is sloppy customer service and irritating
 i bought the utensil holder several years ago and it is long gone . i may have kept it for a year . it began to pit , rust , and corrode almost immediately . i loved the design because it is so contemporary but do not waste your money on this . i also think $ 99 is too much of a bargain for all these items . one is always best off buying fine utensils that are not in a `` set '' which often translates as poor quality lumped together for a presentation . i learned a long time ago that in cooking utensils and equipment , you pay for what you get and the high quality items are to be researched and purchased separately . i use equipment that is durable , efficient , and highly recommended by cooking professionals . this utensil holder -LRB- and from what i have read , the utensils -LSB- plastic spoons melted from the heat if left in the pan !!! -RSB- -RRB- does not fall into the high quality category .
 I would have rated this product zero stars if the option was available . We acquired this item from Amazon.com a year or so ago . Not long after , we noticed it was crazing . Just now , I pulled it out of the dishwasher and it fell apart into 5 large pieces . We only ever used it in the oven -LRB- never over 425 degrees -RRB- and washed it in the dishwasher , both of which are considered appropriate uses.I figured $ 40 for a single baking dish was somewhat high , but went with it anyway , figuring you get what you pay for . Talk about disappointed ! My mother has baking dishes of far lesser value that she has used for all of her 58 years of marriage.Whatever happened to value , anyway ? I would n't buy another Chantal product if you paid me .
 When we redecorated/upgraded our kitchen 3 years ago , I carefully researched new dinnerware for our `` every day '' table . I loved the color -LRB- plum -RRB- of these and bought them . We have no small children or those who mishandle dishes , either in serving or washing . Yet these dishes chipped at an alarming rate ! I have replaced several pieces , but they just continue to chip and they look horrible with a bright white chipped spot in the middle of the beautiful purple bowl or plate . Even those that are not chipped , have strange marks and fading on the glaze.I can not , with integrity , recommend these pottery pieces , as they are low fire , almost `` plaster of paris '' inside , to anyone because if they are like mine have been , they will be chipped in very short order -- even with careful handling.Since there was no butter dish to match these plates and bowls , I purchased a `` Fiesta ware '' purple one , and it is still beautiful with no chipping or signs of wear such as the glaze fading . I will be replacing the Waechtersbach with it as I feel that I have given the Waechtersbach more than generous `` try . `` I am genuinely surprised that no one else has mentioned this fate to their own plates and dishes . My fine china is MUCH sturdier than these pieces have been .
 The first one I received did not vibrate . I returned it for a replacement and the replacement did not work either . I returned the second one and asked for a refund .
 I thought one of the reviewers was exaggerating but I guess not . Hard as a rock is a good description . I returned it . It does n't feel like memory foam ... it felt like block foam .
 The massage is just a NOISY buzzing motor - very annoying when you 're trying to relax . The memory foam crushes at the back of the neck while the part around the front remains plump and awkward . We took the noisy vibration contraption out of it and still do n't like it .
 Rigid as a rock . Zero comport level . Return shipping will cost me almost the price . Now I 'm stuck with this horrible neck rest .
 not impressed by the estimated time to ship ... between 1-2 months to ship -LRB- even though it states ships in 24hrs -RRB- .
 I would have rated this product zero stars if the option was available . We acquired this item from Amazon.com a year or so ago . Not long after , we noticed it was crazing . Just now , I pulled it out of the dishwasher and it fell apart into 5 large pieces . We only ever used it in the oven -LRB- never over 425 degrees -RRB- and washed it in the dishwasher , both of which are considered appropriate uses.I figured $ 40 for a single baking dish was somewhat high , but went with it anyway , figuring you get what you pay for . Talk about disappointed ! My mother has baking dishes of far lesser value that she has used for all of her 58 years of marriage.Whatever happened to value , anyway ? I would n't buy another Chantal product if you paid me .
 This mixer is probably one of the best investments that I have ever made for the kitchen . I love to make home made bread and this machine is able to knead bread with no hesitation at all.I hate to admit it but the texture of the bread is improved when using the mixer to knead breads . Cookies are so much easier too . Although , it is on the heavy side ; it looks quite nice on my counter next to the coffee maker . I have no complaints at all in regards to this mixer except that I should have purchased one years ago.September 2012 - Update on the mixer - after 18 months , it broke and Kitchen Aid would not stand by the product , as the warranty had expired . In fact , it took months for kitchen aid to respond to my e-mails . I was told I could buy a new mixer ! Fortunately , my husband was able to `` superglue '' the gear mechanism , so it is still functional , however when it dies , it will not be replaced by a Kitchen aid
 Is this refurbished mixer ? I noticed the warranty is only for 90 days and , according to the Kitchen Aid website , a brand new mixer comes with a 1 year warranty . The item description does n't mention anything about the product being refurbished or reconditioned . Does anyone know ?
 I 'm not loving this mixer . I miss my beloved 4.5 quart lift head mixer that I recently `` upgraded '' with this one . While beautiful and simultaneously macho , this mixer is a complete pain -- case in point
 I always thought the name `` Kitchen Aid '' was a great product line until I owned this mixer as well as the `` Kitchen Aid '' blender . The mixer does look very nice and worked ok but for less then a year and then the motor burned out - this also happend to the blender . Now I understand why there are some many factory `` Kitchen Aid '' refurbished mixers and blenders - the product does not last very long and the warrenty is only for one year , it seems to expire right after the motor burns out . I for one will not waste my money on `` Kitchen Aid '' products again .
 I never received this mixer . I ordered it in good faith and was told it was in stock-what happened ? Did you sell it to someone else ?
 Do n't mistake this for a professional series mixer -LRB- better built & 575 watt motor -RRB- . This model is for light duty only - 6 qt . bowl is much to large for the available power . I own the pro model and have also used this model - save your money & buy the pro .
 This product was described as silicone coated on some websites and as Teflon coated on others , so I contacted Kitchen Supply to find out what materials it 's actually made of . The response I received was : `` The Super Parchment is a Teflon-coated nylon fiber . It does not contain any silicone . `` The description on Amazon is incorrect . I have n't used this parchment paper , so I ca n't evaluate how well it works . But as I was intending to buy a silicone liner and an uncoated baking sheet as part of an effort to phase out the fast-dying Teflon cookware from my kitchen , this does n't exactly serve my purpose , and I will be returning it .
 I bought this based on good reviews , but after about 6 months , I noticed it had holes in it . First I assumed my kids used it as a cutting board , but after closer inspection , they were tears , not cuts . I definitely would n't buy it again . I 'll stick with my paper parchment paper .
 I think the glass bottom is a great idea , but the first time I used it , the caramel sauce I poured in quickly leaked through onto the countertop . I thought I had not put the bottom in evenly , but on closer inspection I found that the ring does not close tightly around the glass bottom ; it is not even snug . This may be a manufacturing flaw in the pan I bought , since others have not reported the problem .
 I have used one of these for a long time -- I like the glass bottom , though it was never a particularly tight seal . After living for a while with a cheapo IKEA pan in my other kitchen -LRB- I commute 1100 miles and unfortunately have two of many things -RRB- , I finally decided to `` spring '' for a nicer pan , so to speak . The first one arrived and was all scratched up , so I returned it and got a second one . Filled that one up with water , and indeed , drip drip drip drip . It 's from where the collar joins , since indeed , the outer side of the ring has to be looser than the inner side . Batter wo n't drip through it or anything , but butter in a crust , or juice from baking fruit might . It 's not actually worse than the cheaper pan , so I decided not to return yet another one . But I 'm quite disappointed , since I was hoping that by shelling out the cash for a fancier pan , I might get a relatively drip-proof one ...
 I was eager to use the new pan for a Thanksgiving dessert . On the recommendation from Cook 's Illustrated , I ordered one from Amazon . It arrived with a couple small dents around the bottom edge , which I was concerned would affect the pan 's ability to seal.Amazon quickly sent me a replacement , which arrived with an even larger dent than on the first one I returned . I am getting a refund this time , and will buy this from a local retailer , where I can inspect it before I leave the store.To Amazon 's credit , I 've learned how easy it is to get replacements and refunds .
 I bought this pan with high expectations . Handwashed it in warm water , baked one cake in it . The glass bottom was amazing . No fear of damaging the pan.Then I tryed to attach the glass bottom to the ring again after we were done with the cake and it would not attach . It kept missing the grove made for the glass . Then I noticed that the ring was not even on the bottom so the glass could not sit into the grove properlly . Not sure if that was the way it came or the pan ring metal is really cheap and once it was used in the oven , it kind of made it 's own wobbly shape after it cooled without the glass . Could not use after that .
 It 's a very nice pan , and I like the fact that it has a glass bottom . However , when I took it out of the box and put water in it to test the seal , it leaked very badly - like a waterfall . It appeared to have a few slight dents near the spring/catch . I suppose it will be OK to contain a cheesecake and crust with foil layered underneath , but for this price it should be perfect .
 The dish was a gift , and it is not a gift to ask my Sister in California to have to truck it down to the Post Office to get an unbroken dish back just so Amazon will believe it arrived broken . Maybe next time I 'll be smart and buy it at a store and help put America back to work .
 Corks shipped are different size than specification . specification identifies a 8 x 13/4 cork . Product shipped was 9 x 13/4 . No way it 'll fit my bottles . How do you know what you 'll get ?
 There were stickers all over this when I got it . Some were bar code stickers , some were lables . After peeling all of these off , there was a ton of ` gunk ' on the product . I used goo gone and then put it through the washer and it is still there . pain in the ass ...
 I could n't figure out where plastic chips were coming from in the food that I was eating !! After looking around , I found that the plastic edges of these `` home series '' graters will crack and break due to flexing after a couple of months use . The plastic chips end up in the food.Additionally , the black rubber handle will slide off at the most inappropriate times and eventually get filled with food , which is impossible to adequately clean.Avoid these `` home series '' graters . Look around for something more durable and easy to clean .
 Although this is the ONLY parchment I use , I do n't think that it is worth buying if the shipping cost is going to be more than the actual product -- that is unless you were depserate at the time like I was ... : - -RRB-
 This is my second Saeco Espresso machine that I have bought in the last year . I first bought the Taleo Giro for $ 1000 from Costco , which worked beautifully for about 4 months , but then a clogged grinder prevented me from brewing any more coffee -- only the hot water worked . I called Saeco on multiple occasions and even though every one was friendly , the only resolution was sending me one instruction booklet after another . Some instructions did not match my model , some where from a previous version of the same model and some were so complicated that I did not know how to follow them -LRB- it was basically taking apart the entire grinder -- and that was recommended to be done every two weeks -RRB- . I spend less time maintaining my car then it looks like the Saeco machine requires.Then I bought the Saeco Odea upon reading the instruction manual and feeling assured that I did not need to disassemble the machine every other week . Again , it stopped working after 6 months . Again , I get brochures from their customer service , but no trouble shooting assistance -- and this model apparently also requires complete disassembly of the grinder every other week . When asked why the original manual does not let you know that , I received an `` I do n't know '' . I am going back to my basic Krups model that requires no maintenance -- if you are looking for a hobby and love to take things apart , the Saeco might be a great fit -- otherwise
 As another reviewer stated , this coffee machine is great when it works . I purchased this Saeco as a gift for my mother because I had been so satisfied with my own Saeco Charisma I had purchased a year and a half prior . Unlike the Charisma , the Odea Go has been a huge disappointment . Out of the box , it did not function and had to be returned to Saeco for repair . That return went fairly smoothly . Now less than 5 months later , it is not working again -LRB- it appears to be a problem with the bean grinder - which they had replaced the first time around -RRB- . Upon calling Saeco , my mother was told she would have to pay for any repairs this time , even though it comes with a 1-year warranty . I am counfounded by this.In sum
 I agree with the reviewer who says the Odea leaks -LRB- mine started day one -RRB- and the customer service is non-existent . I purchased my Odea a year ago . I decided I could live with the leaking issue as it brewed a descent cup of java . However when the unit ceased to function altogether , I contacted the customer service email listed in the unit . After a week they responded and told me to contact the warranty vendor -LRB- Saeco , it turns out , does not offer any warranty on their product ! -RRB- . I called the number they gave me and got a recording . I left phone number and email contact info . They have not responded.I contacted Saeco again and they said , in essence , tough luck -- that 's when they told me that they offer no warranty service on the products they sell.Any company that does not warranty its product is a failed company . I will never even consider purchasing another Saeco product and would recommend you do not buy any Saeco machine .
 I purchased a Saeco , Odea Go 11/2 years ago and it has blinked a lot and I was always able to control the blinking lights , now I took Brew group out and now you can not insert it back . I have followed the instructions with no success .
 I pruchased this from another webite . I unpacked it and followed the instructions but the unit did not work . The Illy expresso coffee beans kept getting jammed in the built-in grinder . It seemed very cheap and flimsy . Not something worth the price they are asking for it .
 I had this machine for over 3 years . At first , it was fine . Makes decent coffee and its very simplistic and easy to use . I do like the strength sensor for switching beans ... when it works . But it leaves NO room for customizing the taste/strength of brew.Now for the bad . It has all plastic parts . Very poor quality build . The down time between steam and coffee is annoying . The steam valve is VERY poorly built . I had to tear the machine open and replace the o-ring on the steam valve twice because it was leaking steam like crazy whenever the unit was on . Upon opening the machine up , I was very surprised to see how poorly the unit is built . All of the interior parts are flimsy and poor quality.Over time , the tray for used grounds warped and no longer sat flush with the unit . The tray sensor is finicky , so if the tray is not sitting just right , the unit will not work . The water reservoir leaked at the o-ring within 6 months and never stopped . I always had to have a paper towel under it to soak up the leaking water.The brew group clogs frequently if you use a finer grind setting than the medium setting . So , if you like strong espresso , good luck!The steam wand takes a LONG time to heat up and froth milk . It got much worse over time , even with frequent descaling . The coffee is not very hot . That also got worse over time.Overall , this machine is maybe worth $ 200 . You can get a MUCH better one for the asking price . Dont waste your time or money on this machine . I will never buy another Saeco product again .
 My machine stopped working the second day I tried to use it . Customer service is not in on weekends -LRB- which is the only time I make coffee at home -RRB- . Forget it , not worth the hassle . Thank god I got it at Costco so returning it was no problem.Did I mention how big and ugly it is ?
 I agree this coffee maker does an excellent job when it works ; Unfortunately about 2 months after purchasing , it clogged itself . After numberous calls to Saeco -LRB- and getting hung up/transfered to vmail -RRB- I finally got a very helpful live person . She sent me some instructions to clean/modify the coffee maker that * might * solve the problem . I will try this out when I get home . The instructions are simple and clear , but not expected for a product in this price range.I 'm a strong believer high quality , and willing to pay a premium for such quality . I am disappointed with any device that fails this quickly -LRB- perhaps 100 coffees over a 2month time -RRB- . That is why I will only give a 1 star rating.After 3 phone calls to Saeco customer support -LRB- everybody was very friendly , but never actually solved anything -RRB- I was told I need to return the coffee maker to Saeco -LRB- I pay to pack and ship to Saeco -RRB- . I was then told it will take 4-6 weeks for the repair . It 's sad to say that if my $ 400 laptop breaks , LaptopCompany will send me a box , and pay shipping both ways ... but my $ 600 coffee maker does n't have near the customer service.Simply because of the hassle factor , I have just purchased another expresso maker from a different Italian company . I will return my coffee maker to the large warehouse store with a very generous return policy .
 This is a review/comparison by a Coffee Fanatic who has owned several machines , including the $ 8000 industrial version . I had the Vienna Plus for 8 months and decided to give that away to get the Odea Go.The Vienna Plus had more water in the dredge drawer . . so much that I first thought the machine was leaking !! Found out that IS the way the machine works . . But the machine was bigger than the Odea , so it had room . I had to clean it out every 6-8 cups made.The Vienna also allowed me to see the water level , so it was easy to refill.Now for the ODEA : Does n't matter which model Odea you get , they 're the same build . I was impressed by the BMW-designed mechanics , so I bought it for the sleeker look . Smaller unit fitted well on the small kitchen counter I have . MAKES STRONGER COFFEE than other models of Saeco that I 've tried/borrowed/owned / tasted . It 's able to extract more flavor.But note that if you are using exact same measurements , you will only notice this if you 're a total Cafe Connoseur or fanatic . Normal coffee drinkers wo n't taste the difference . That said , I also used bottled spring water to fill the tank for taste and for less build-up or scales in the machines . Again , normal people will not go through this trouble.PROBLEMS :1 . The water container is smaller than the Vienna . And the tank is hidden , so you can NOT see when it 's time to refill . YOU MUST refill before it 's down to 2 cups left , because the light weight will make the sensor stop working . The sensor is not by water , but by weight of water ! 2 . The coffee lid ca n't be opened while the machine is ON . The other models can . This is weird . . because I used to be able to refill the Vienna while it 's brewing .3 . The dredge drawer needs to be emptied for every 3-4 cups of coffee brewed !! Though it 's not really full , the sensor will not let you brew coffee with water in this drawer !! So you will end up cleaning this every 4 cups max .4 . The drawer ca n't be seen , the spills ca n't be seen , because of the sleek design , everything is covered . And everything is BLACK , so you ca n't see whether you 've cleaned it very well . Coffee grinds may be hidden in places you ca n't see ... all gray and black plastic !! WHEN MY NEW MACHINE WAS 5 WEEKS OLD , THE 3 RED LIGHTS FLASHED QUICKLY which means electrical problems . Turning it off and on did not help . Calling the manufacturer , diagnosed over the phone , and ended up to have to replace it with a new one . IT SIMPLY STOPPED WORKINGOne suggestion I make from what I 've learned/heard/read from complaints
 Do n't get the model `` GO '' , I found out it has only one boiler and will cause you problems if you want to brew more than one cup ! I am returning the second `` GO '' for a refund . I am replacing it with the `` GIRO '' model that has two boilers . I bought a SAECO GIRO and have it at another location and rate it 5 stars . I am now in the process of getting another SAECO `` GIRO '' to replace this `` GO '' model . After facing the same problems for a second time with a second machine , I called SAECO and the customer service person told me about the difference between a single and a double boiler machine . They look identical except that the `` GO '' model has the STEAM function instead of the HOT WATER FUNCTION button . The SAECO product is very good , the `` GO '' model is not .
 This machine worked great for about 9 months . I decalc 'd the machine as directed . Then the lights started flashing and no pressure . Took it to an authorized servicer and $ 150 later the machine worked great . Have had it a year now and 3 in every four attempts , the machine errors after grinding the beans - just dumps the beans into the waste hopper.Can ' t afford to spend anymore on this . Disappointing quality for the price .
 I was happy to see others had a similar experience . I loved this machine , but mine worked for only 3 weeks before the grinder stopped working . THIS IS MY SECOND MACHINE . Prior to that I had an automatic Krups which similarly stopped working after 1 month of use due to electronics malfunction . Thank God I bought it at Costco and their return policy is awesome . Saeco 's customer service is terrible . I am going back to the semi-automatic do it yourself machine and french press . These machines are great in theory but are too expensive to purchase knowing they have a limited life span .
 I previously had a Saeco semi auto machine for 5 years , when it finally died I went with the Giro Go . Worked ok for about 13 months and then it started to leak and not produce good coffee . 18 months in it is now not working at all , and will cost over $ 300 to repair . Saeco 's quality has declined over the 5 five years ... stay away from this machine as it 's just not worth it .
 We finally broke down and decided to move up from a krups steam espresso to the Saeco Odea . The first month or so we got amazing expresso . Great taste and crema . However ... it needed constant cleaning , descaling , pulling apart the machine then the burr grinder gave out , after that was repaired the entire mechanism started to leak espresso all over the moving parts and the fresh ground espresso coffee was mixed up with the hot water pouring into the mechanism then out onto the counter top each time it was used . Repeated phone calls led us nowhere and we finally found out that Phillips Saeco Machines are not guaranteed at all . It was an expensive 6 months of use once a day . It worked out to $ 3.00 per day for two cups of espresso and a huge mess to clean up . We have not given up on a less costly but decent espresso maker . I will never again purchase an expresso machine with the grinder attached , just more to go wrong . There is a market there for someone . There is no reason to pay $ 500 or more for a machine to make a cup of coffee .
 At first I loved this product . I chose to update my review due to recent experiences with this machine . I purchased in May and by October it was n't working . I spent $ 50 plus dollars shipping it to the manufacturer for repair . Now , in December it is again not working . I have taken care of this machine just as they recommend . I feel like I have wasted my money and for a coffee machine that costs over $ 400 I expect the workmanship to be better than this .
 This container was purchased for hand-toting holiday cookies half-way across the country by air . The odd shape was nice for fitting into a larger bag , and the double-high approach with an insert shelf was ok , too . Unfortunately , the shelf is not the same size as the footprint , leaving a couple inches off of both ends . To prevent cookies from falling through , it was necessary to cut a piece of posterboard to sit on top . The handle was a bit counterintuitive -LRB- should have looked at the picture first ;-RRB- , and , even when fitted properly , still was not complete secure . The lid seems flimsy and does not seal very well.Though it served our needs adequately this holiday season , and is somewhat unique in its design , I can only somewhat recommend it as a solution . I found rectangular containers from another major brand that , though not as tall and lacking the interior shelf , worked just as well with a better seal and 2 for about half the price of this one container .
 This thing is horrible . It is definitley not sturdy . It tends to lean to the sides easily when little pressure is applied to the corners , most likely because the 3 legs and how the bottom board is cut . I am affraid that if your televison is placed on it and not centered directly to dispurse the weight carefully , it may end up falling over . The top and bottom shelves are made from a cheap particle board that is painted silver . The legs are made from a horrible steel that seems to be almost aluminum like , and is very light . I already have the thing assembled or else I would take it back . I definitley would not purchase this stand again . I am waiting to pick up my Sony KD-36XS955 from the store tommorow but am worried how the 230 pound television will hold on it .
 I have had this waffle maker about 3 years and have used it about 20-30 times . It makes perfect waffles when you decide on desired doneness setting . Plus the heart shape is very pretty . I 'd give this appliance 5 stars , but ... It just died on me in the middle of making a batch of waffles . No thermostat , no lights , no nothing . Up until that point I was extremely satisfied with the product . Then after reading the different reviews it seem this is par for the course with this brand and model . As much as I loved it , I wo n't be purchasing it again . Too bad the company just does n't re-do the electrical design , then I could say that this is a perfect waffle maker .
 I think they may have mixed this up with their waffle cone maker . It does not make correct wafles . Ca n't it does not have a deep enough pattern .
 Yes , the fuse fails in the Chef 's Choice 830B Waffle Maker . My wife sent it in for repair a couple of times and it came back promptly , repaired and cleaned . Then it worked for 4 or 5 times and failed after baking three waffles the last time . I did n't want to send it back for repair again , but maybe that 's the best `` choice , '' so I took it apart and found the failed fuse in the upper part of the unit . It 's a 240 C 10A fuse , apparently a thermal-cut-off type like the NTE 8242 Thermal Cut-Off 240C/464F sold by Amazon . But it 's very annoying to have to repeatedly send it back for repair or have to repair it myself . Chef 's Choice should replace it gratis . Note that the fuse is a crimp type , i.e. , the wires must be crimped into some connector , not soldered as soldering will likely damage the fuse.When the waffle maker works , it works great but it 's unacceptable for it to fail so soon and so frequently .
 I bought my WafflePro 830 four years ago . Back then , it was $ 59.99 . Once we figured out our preferred setting , it made PERFECT waffles . -- and I mean PERFECT ! They never stuck , they were crispy outside , moist inside , and clean up was a breeze.This morning , it would n't heat . So much for my Sunday morning pecan waffles.I thumb through my warranty information -- one year , limited . That 's useless ... So , I go online to see how much I can get one for now -- after all , a small appliance which was $ 60 four years ago ought to be around $ 30 or 40 now , right ? WRONG ! -- $ 69.99 here at Amazon.com , and higher everywhere else ! And no one 's selling them on eBay either!Like I said -- I loved it while it lasted . But I expect a waffle iron to last longer than 4 years , and I expect the price to come down in four years , too ! Look on eBay -- see how you can buy electric waffle irons that are 30 and 40 years old -- some even 50 years old ! -- and they still work!Chef 's Choice , that 's how a waffle iron should last ! Not four measly years ...
 This is without a doubt the cadillac of waffle irons - and , yes , it does actually cook a waffle in only 90 seconds - the waffles are a little smaller than the average cheap waffle maker , but you truly can have them crisp on the outside and soft on the inside or the same consistency throughout - absolutely loved making waffles with this , but ... The fourth time I plugged it in to make waffles , it beeped like it was ready to cook but the irons were cold.Nothing in the instruction manual concerning what to do if the sucker just refuses to heat.Well , it was a good two weeks while it lasted ... Just wish the waffle iron had.If this product was a car , I 'd give it three lemons .
 I 've never eaten , I 've never seen , was never served , nor have I ever heard of waffles as thin as this thing makes . They 're barely thicker than a waffle ice cream cone . Pancakes are usually thicker . Plus timer light does n't really work nor does the crisper setting if making multiple waffles . This is not a god product .
 I purchased one of these around three years ago . I love the waffles it makes . After two uses it died . I sent it in . The factory fixed it and sent a letter saying the fuze had blown and not to plug the unit in with the setting at 6 , which I have never done . The unit just died again today while cooking a waffle . I have used it about 20 times . I do n't understand why the company can not fix the problem with these units.These waffle makers are so much better than the other units out there -LRB- I own several others -RRB- , but the reliability sucks !!!
 Two years to the day almost , the waffle iron functioned perfectly . But then the non-stick feature failed . Three-4 months later , using PAM to prevent waffles from sticking , the thermostat began to fail , finallying baking waffles to an unedible crisp . For this kind of price , one should expect a better quality product .
 Mine died -LRB- just refused to heat -RRB- after about a year of service . It did make great waffles while it lasted . The waffles were so great that this is actually the 2nd one I purchased . The first one died , too.Seems that the unit really has a problem .
 We bought this waffler maker to replace a Chef 's choice wafflepro that we bought a few years ago that stopped working . This one worked great for the first four months , but now I ca n't get it to unstick . I clean the plates until they are perfect , and then try again ... only to have another waffle that sticks and falls apart when I open the iron ! It 's very frustrating . I always spray the plates with oil before cooking but it no longer seems to work . I would n't recommend this iron .
 Purchased December 2011 . Have made several batches of waffles and tried several ways to make them raise higher , to no avail.Waffles are so thin they remind me of crackers . like the unit and it 's operation but not the end product .
 After seasoning the iron as directed , I made my first waffle -- disaster . It stuck and pulled apart , so I had two stuck halves . I had to scrape it out with a plastic tool . Then , I sprayed Pam -- still stuck partially . -LSB- bad -RSB- for the money charged -- do n't buy this .
 This waffle iron promises to cook a waffle in 90 seconds , which it does -LRB- burns actually -RRB- on one setting . If you want your waffle moist on the inside , like I do , you need to cook for over four minutes . I do like the tone feature but for -LSB- the price -RSB- forget it ! You could buy two of another brand and give one to a friend !
 I 'm searching for a replacement wafflemaker now since the Wafflepro I purchased a couple years ago just stopped working , probably due to something on the circuit board , since it 's not heating up and no lights come on when it 's plugged in , while there 's no burnt wires on looking inside it.My wife made some good-tasting waffles while it was working but she had to do them crisp or they 'd stick to the metal which led to a difficult cleaning job . If we hit upon a good setting , cleanup was very easy.The audible beep when the waffle was done after about 90 seconds was the best feature ; it would have also been nice if it made more than one waffle at a time , so some member of our family was n't waiting for it to finish to continue eating breakfast .
 Good board and also not expensive . The material is natural bamboo . But there is a unhappy smell when I first unpackaged it . after 2 weeks , it is deformed !!
 so we have a `` tru bamboo '' cutting board ... which has been great in every way . We use it all the time , but its pretty big ... so when we have a small cutting job we wanted a smaller board ... and this fit the bill . Well we 've had it for a while now ... and it still always has these little fiber like hair things coming off every time -LRB- which are very visible when you wash it under a little running water -RRB- . they are NOT splinters ... not even close to that thick or hard . They are SOFT ... so we have no fear of them ... but we 've probably eaten a few tiny chopped up pieces . The `` tru bambo '' brand we have does NOT do this . I 'm not sure why it does this , but I wish I bought a tru bamboo in retrospect.Now 10/13/12 . . we just tossed this in the garbage yesterday after it gave her a splinter ... save your money ***** AVOID ***** .
 Nothing here distinguishes this cutting board as in any more than average . The bamboo looks roughly enough glued that it could split where the different boards are joined . The ends and all surfaces show only minimal sanding . There are no grooves to trap liquids or feet for stay-in-place stability . I guess what I 'm trying to communicate is that this board is no better than -- and only equal to or worse than -- any other bamboo board you may be able to find at T.J. Maxx for half the price it 's being sold here . I suspected that such might be the case , but I was impatient , lazy and wanted a bamboo board without having to go driving for one . I regretted my choice when it arrived .
 Looks -LRB- and is -RRB- solid , sturdy and lasting . However , after 1.5 months of irregular use -LRB- and after taking ample care in washing , oiling and storing -RRB- , the product started developing cracks on its sides . The cracks looked like the beginning of deep splits that could easily break the wood into pieces !!! I called up amazon to complain about it and to their credit they replaced the item with a brand new piece . I am about to receive the new item and hoping that it wo n't start splintering again . If it does , then this is the worst wooden board I have come across . I will keep the review updated !
 The cutting board warped after a couple of month 's use . It is not unusable , but does not remain stable as it is warped . It has a lot of scratches too , but that should be expected for a bamboo cutting board .
 Bamboo is soft , I find splinters of bamboo coming off everytime I use it . I would n't buy another bamboo cutting board .
 I am not sure if mine is defective , but I can see clearly splinters from the bamboo cutting board very soon after I started to use it ...
 As other reviewers have said this product was too hot even on warm . It consistently burned the food when left for long periods -LRB- such as at work -RRB- . It seemed to develop hot spots and the lid is also now cracked . It worked OK for a few years , not great but OK .
 ok i have tried this for several months what should be cooked on low for 6 to 8 hours cooks on low in 3 to 4 hours and about the same on warm ordered it for the programmable settings but will be tossing it and trying another if i put it on in the am for supper -LRB- the reason i bought it -RRB- food is way over cooked even when i cook on warm more recent reviews dont seem to be having this problem so perhaps it has been corrected like i said i have had mine for about 6 months
 I ordered this scale based on previous reviews and its appearance . It worked with difficulty , frequently giving inaccurate weights . Finally , after less than 2 years of moderate use -LRB- and a new battery -RRB- , it died . Now it 's off to the dump ... This is a product to avoid and , most likely , a company to avoid . It is telling that it is no longer available from AMAZON .
 I got this when I began teaching myself to decorate cakes ... I thought this would be an invaluable tool . This was not the case ... The wire does more to push , pull and crumble the cake than just cut in a straight line . Every time I try to use this , I have a mini panic attack , thinking I 'm going to ruin my cake.I do much better with a long bread knife . My cuts are cleaner and smoother . I thought perhaps when I started , I just did n't know what I was doing , but I have since revisited this tool of destruction and all attempts ended the same . I have no idea what to do to make this work . I 've given up on it and decided to stick with my trusty bread knife .
 I was so excited to get this because it is diffcult to make a cake completely level . I thought it would make it easier . It did n't . The handle is too small which makes it hard to get any sort of force behind the lame wire that is supposed to cut cake . It simply rubs up against the edge of the cake and makes more of a crumbly mess that cut anything . A waste of money . This went into the trash after 5 minutes .
 I bought the wilton brand cutter , and like other reviewers , had similar experiences .1 . The wire often does n't cut into the cake round , and I often have to start it with a knife cut .2 . The wire does flex , which means you do n't get a good , stable cut . I 've often had to go right behind and re-level the cake after a pass with the wire cutter .3 . If there 's any crusting on the side edges of the cake , it will tear out whole chunks as the wire passes through it . Even when you hold your hand over the sides to keep it from doing major damage , it still tears and crumbs.I 'm of the opinion of others here who 've stated they 've returned to their knives , which do a much better job . The cake leveler might work better if you 're cutting into a hot cake , but it surely does n't work on a cooled down one . Skip this and all similar products and instead invest in a good knife .
 The wire simply refuses to stay taught in the small grooves especially as you move it higher . I used it twice , ruined 2 cakes and never used it again . I did n't give it 1 star as part of the problem could be me , not the tool but there is no doubt this is simply designed poorly
 I bought these rings to back gluten free crumpets . They worked well , until I washed them . The finish started coming off and they are pitted looking . I only used them once , and they are ruined . Do n't waste your money on these . Get stainless steel rings instead .
 Came in box that were fine but opened up box they were all bent had to reshape them . They are made in taiwan so you get what you pay for . Better off using tuna cans
 I just opened my box of muffin rings that came in today and one out of the four is broken . I was planning on using them for english muffins tomorrow morning so returning them is not really something I want to do . At least I still have three that are usable , but I do n't see them lasting for too long . I should have just used the upturned mason jar rings .
 Just received these rings as part of my order from Amazon . I gave them 1 star because it 's the lowest possible . As ALWAYS delivery was earlier than I thought . There are 4 rings in the box , one not usable since the spot weld was open . When I contacted Amazon they immediately offered a refund , -LRB- always impressed with their service !! -RRB- Bottom line these rings are poorly made at best so I ca n't imagine them lasting .
 I used 1 muffin ring , washed it , dried it and put it in the drawer . Went back 2 days later and it was rusted!I went to pull a second one out of the box to clean it - already busted before even getting to use - now it 's just a long line of cheap tin , completely useless ! These are going back tomorrow .
 I bought two sets and after using once the circle of metal seperated and broke . They also rust , so , you have to wash by hand . I did make crumpets with those that stayed together .
 Regardless of how I coat these rings my batter always sticks to the inside of the rings . I 've oiled , buttered , crisco 'd with flour , etc. . Makes no matter , yeast formula or batter - it 's going to stick and make the finished product less than acceptable . I think I 'll look for rings with a slick coating .
 I bought this and was so excited but once it came it was to big for my bowl . I thought the wide mouth was the area where you pour your ingredients turns out the wide mouth is for actual bowl . I love the idea of having one of these just make sure it will fit your size bowl .
 This shield does NOT fit the K45 Kitchenaid Stainless Steel bowl . It will slip over the bowl , but does not fit , and dry ingredients added through the chute slip through the 1/4 to 3/8 inch gap . So my carefully measured cup of flour was not so much so after trying to add it through the chute . Remoived the chute and blithely continued making the holiday cinnamon rolls . The taste is yet to come ! : - -RRB- 1/1/13 addition . If you have the K45 Kitchenaid mixer and use the stainless steel 4.5 quart mixing bowl , there IS a shield that correctly fits this bowl . It 's made by Whirlpool -LRB- manufacturer of KitchenAid products -RRB- , but the KitchenAid folks do n't seem to know about this product that bears the KitchenAid logo . The correct shield is known as a ` Shield-Pour '' , available from AppliancePartsPros.com manufactured by Whirlpool , part number 9709923 . I passed that info to the KitchenAid folks , since they kept insisting that the KN1PS was the only shield made by them .
 Did not have enough detail and did not fit 6 qt bowl . Had to pay to ship back . Need more detail
 Based on the reviews , I made sure to order the part specified in the paperwork that came with my Pro 5 Plus bowl lift stand mixer . This pouring shield does fit the bowl , however it does not snap in place , or otherwise fit securely . There is a groove in the pouring shield that corresponds with the lip of the bowl , and it sits in this groove , until it is bumped , jostled , or looked at funny . Last week I was pouring chocolate sauce into the mixing bowl during whisking , and bumped the shield . It dislodged , the edge of it went into the bowl , got tangled in the whisk , and started flinging chocolate everywhere , including in my eyes , so by the time I fumbled around and was able to turn it off , there was chocolate across the kitchen , in my hair , even up in the mixer housing . Good times . My whisk was completely mangled , and unusable . The only saving grace was that I contacted KitchenAid , and they offered to send me a new whisk . They denied the fit was a documented problem .
 Does n't work for the kitchenaid professional 6000 HD . The lip of this bowl is cuved outward so the guides for the shield wo n't clip.Called kitchenaid to find out if there is a shield for this model . They apologized and stated that this is a new model and that there is no pouring shield for this bowl .
 I love Kitchenaid mixers , but I must say that ordering accessories for them is really difficult . It is so confusing which ones go with which mixers . I am having to return a dough hook and a pouring sheild b/c they do n't fit . What a pain . I see that many others have had the same problem . It 's no clearer on the KitchenAid website than it is on here . Do your research !
 It frequently falls off the bowl and it does not work . My dough can still blow out during a high speed mix . DO NOT BUY
 Even though I purchased the correct size and type of chute for my stand mixer -LRB- also KitchenAid brand , so no cross-brand issues -RRB- , this component fits poorly . The method of attachment to the bowl is a series of small plastic clips . If you do n't have it fully attached with all clips , it tends to want to pop off while you 're using the spout . If you break even one of these delicate clips , you also can not get it to stay in place . Finally , if you bump the chute with a bowl , no matter how minor , the clips are not sturdy enough -LRB- even with all of them intact and fully secured -RRB- to hold the chute on the bowl and allow you to continue to use the chute . It becomes dislodged and then moves periously close to the spindle as the mixer is on . This is such a poor implementation of a basic design that you are better off not wasting your money .
 This guard is also too big for my Kitchen aide . It does not stay in place I wish I could return it for a refund .
 I ordered this item but received the one piece KN256PS instead . Small Appliance does not carry the two piece KN2PS item . They were willing to have me return the item , but they were only going to refund the cost of the item and not the shipping charge ! On top of that , I had to pay to ship it back !! I would totally agree with that policy if it was MY mistake . I wo n't risk doing business with them again .
 I was very disappointed to find this item does not fit the Professional HD model as presented in the description . Had to send it back .
 i bought this for my wifes kitchenaid artisian 5qt . it did not fit i had to jam it on to work and it flys off when she lifts the mixer upthey said it would fit 4.5 and 5 qt it does not . i saw the 6qt in store and it fits nicely around the one there.so i am not happy .
 I bought this shield because my friends who all had Kitchen Aid mixers recommended it to me . What a piece of crap . It does not stay on the bowl and constantly flies off during mixing . I 'm surprised it has n't broken from hitting the beater . I actually stopped using it , so it just sits on the bowl until I use it , then I take it off . What a waste of money . DO NOT BUY THIS SHIELD !!!
 This is my 2nd try . Thought I had it right this time . Read all the reviews . Now I see a new review stating Kitchenaid does not make a chute for my Pro model 6000 HD . Amazon & Kitchenaid need to get together & fix this mass confusion . A chart showing all the model #s & correct parts would be a big help .
 It does n't fit snugly and it only blocks a small amount of things flying out . It 's easier just to adjust the speed of the mixer while adding ingredients .
 Did Not FIt my Bowl ! No clear choice for ordeing one that does fit . I have returned it . Thank you
 Husband bought as a gift ... wrong size . Based on the other reviews this must be for a very uncommon size . I have several bowls , and this top is huge !
 The Shield is useless . As it as an opening on the rear where the kitchenaid is . Which means that all flour is flying out of the bowl at that point ...
 I have the 5 quart & it fit fine . However , I finally took mine to Goodwill for someone who ` believes ' this is a needed item . Now I 'm just more careful about how I turn my mixer on so everything does not fly out . It was a pain to store and a pain to fit it on and a pain to clean . I do n't miss it at all .
 item was described wrong and ended up not fitting our kitchenaid version . had to get another , and basically wasted our money because it did not fit our model as it was described to
 I bake daily , and was looking for a way to keep my work area neater . Eliminating flour splash out , etc from my KA Pro 5 + stand mixer would be a great move toward that goal . The problem is that the chute is too narrow , and too short for my needs . It takes longer to incorporate the flour , and spills are actually more likely . The pouring shield is well constructed , and the cost was not prohibitive .
 Even though this was the first item that came up when I searched for KN1PS it is NOT the KN1PS model . It is the KN256PS , which is for the 6 quart bowls not the 4.5-5 quart bowls that the KN1PS fits .
 Not stated that it only fits 6 qt . bowls.Can ' t be adjustedwould not recomend it to anybody to buy
 I thought all kitchenAids were made of a standard size , I ordered one that was so much bigger than mine , I must have been wrong . So disappointed . Should have checked out it size first . .
 The difficulty is that there was no clear indication the pouring shield was made for the 5 qt bowl and not the 4.5 qt bowl . There is no reason that there could n't have been a single sentence that says it was for a 5 qt bowl only and not fit the 4.5 qt bowl .
 The shield does not fit my Kitchenaid mixer bowl . If I attach it to the bowl VERY CAREFULLY , I can bend it so that it will stay as long as I keep a hand -LRB- or sometimes two -RRB- on it , but otherwise it just falls off .
 I bought this awhile ago and I hardly ever use it.It 's basically useless for a lefty pour due to where the opening in the shield must sit.I wish I had saved the money to buy some other attachment for my kitchenaind since I do n't use it and it tastes up a bit of space
 I have a beautiful 90th anniversary kitchen aid mixer and this shield DOES NOT FIT ! It must be because it is a thick glass bowl and not some thin metal bowl . Plus there is a big gap in the back and flour flys out all over the place , whats the point ? I 'll just continue using a large sheet of saran wrap and make my own sheild , very little mess that way .
 I love my kitchen aid mixer and thought the pouring shield would be a smart idea to own . Wished I had not spent the money on it . It does not really help other than to reduce the amount of flour flying out of the bowl .
 I bough the shield and a dough hook via this company and I am sure that both would work great if they fit . I have looked all over the page on both and see no mentioning of size .
 The shield does not suit the mixer I bought -LRB- classic kitchen aid 41/2 -RRB- . It does not specify sizes when you choose it . I thought they were all the same .
 Bought this some time ago and more often than not it just gets placed on the counter while I use my machine.It works but it 's messy and just another thing to be washed afterward . Really not worth the bother since I long ago learned to slow my machine down when adding ingredients such as flour that might get thrown out of the bowl . I just use a measuring cup when adding liquids.Far better to just nab a cover for your machine for about the same money .
 I bought this item hoping to prevent the mess on my counter when I 'm putting ingredients into the bowl . But , it did not fit on my kitchenAid Classic . So , I ended up with even more mess . The only advantage is when I 'm mixing something that tends to splash . It prevents the splashing which is a plus .
 I purchased this with the understanding that it accompanied the 5 Qt Stainless Bowl I purchased at the same time . It is actually intended for a larger bowl assembly and thus not compatible with my other item purchased . Will need to return for correct Sheild .
 IT DOESN 'S SECURE TO ANYTHING IT JUST SITS THERE AND ITS ABOUT A MILLIMETER TOO BIG SO EVERYTHING STILL FLYS OUT OF THE MIXER BUT NOW YOU HAVE TO CLEAN ONE MORE THING
 They do n't do a very good job of saying what this piece fits on . I was under the impression it was for the 4-quart bowl , but it actually fits the 5-quart bowl . I did n't even get to use it .
 Although the item was stated to fit my KitchenAid Stand Mixer , it did not fit at all . I can balance the shield on the rim of the bowl but it does not snap onto the bowl as indicated .
 The pouring spout on the top of this shield is not long enough to reach the `` out '' spout of the grinder/food mill/strainer . Massive fail on the part of the KitchenAid research and development team .
 I purchased this item for a 41/2 quart mixer . As stated in the description of this product , it would fit the mixing bowl that I have . It does not fit properly . Great price , but it does n't work on a 41/2 quart mixer as stated above , but it would be GREAT on a 5 quart mixer .
 While the shield does protect the baker from splatters , the open ended one piece design means that the machine gets COVERED by whatever it is that you are mixing . Wish they had a 2 piece for the six quart .
 Okay , I realize maybe I should compare the model number to the model number , but the standard KitchenAid mixer is the 4.5 quart and this item was not explanatory in terms of size . So it is partly my fault that I did n't MAKE SURE that this item was for my 4.5 quart standard KitchenAid Mixer , but I assumed because it did n't state otherwise , it was also for the standard size.This shield is for a 6 + quart mixing bowel not the standard 4.5-5 quart bowel . This does not fit my mixer and as another person said , they are not interested in refunding anything for shipping . So it 's more prudent of me to either buy another bowel or give this away as a gift ; otherwise I spend the cost of the shield in shipping without the benefit of the shield .
 I started my search for a Kitchenaid pouring shield by going to my owner 's manual for a Kitchenaid model KG25H0XER 5-quart Professional HD stand mixer . On page 25 of the manual , it states the correct model pouring shield for this mixer is the `` KN2PS . '' I went online to the Kitchenaid Store and searched for a `` KN2PS '' and the search returned `` 0 products with this description . '' I then found Kitchenaid has 2 - and only 2 - pouring shields available at their site
 I tried to carefully read the product information and reviews before ordering a pouring chute . I got the wrong one for my mixer . I 'm going to Bed , Bath and Beyond , brick & morter , to purchase another pouring chute so I get it right this time . The Amazon info just is n't clear enough . I failed to mention that I had to get the 3B assistant manager to special order the pouring chute for my mixer -- a 5 qt .
 This would be a bunch better if it snapped on the bowl . It just sits on top of it . To bad , because otherwise this would be a great item .
 THis is just a cheap piece of plastic . I can not believe that this is actually a kitchen aide product . It 's not worth returning .
 Buyer beware . This will not fit a standard mixer . No where in the product description does it state that . Trickery !
 If you 're looking for a slick set of contemporary dishes that have just a hint of fun , these may be for you . They are clean looking and devoid of frou-frou with just a touch of color to keep things interesting . My only problem with them is the bowls , or rather lack thereof . The bowls included with the set are very very shallow ... at first glance you would n't even know the bowls from the plates . They 're fine for salad , but a disaster with soup or cereal .
 Purchased this product as a lowcost onion chopper . Unfortunately , it does n't chop . Might possibly work weith something softer but does n't work with onions .
 I ordered a fan back in October -LRB- 06 -RRB- . 30 days on backorder , Got shipment damaged ! Reordered , another 30 days backorder , Now they are holding up order and want me to ship damaged item on my dime , After 3 customer reps. promised no problems . Asked for MANAGER -LRB- rick -RRB- who is holding up process to explain and he will not return paying customers phone calls . Even the nice customer reps. are embarrassed when they have to call me back to explain Managers reasonings.DONT BE FOOLED BY THIS COMPANY !! JIM HUNT .
 Allergy Be Gone sent one note a couple of weeks late saying they were having trouble getting this in . A couple of weeks later I received a note from Amazon that the order had been cancelled . So , although I 'd love to review this fan , I was disappointed by the vendor . Current product listing on Amazon shows `` one left in stock '' . Frustrating ...
 Thermos is good quality , works as you expect and is a convenient capacity - a bit more than 2 cups . No issues with quality or performance.Call me picky , but when the product is shown as a plain stainless steel container on pictures , but comes with a huge promotional sticker , that 's deceptive . Especially when that @ # $ % ^ decal is darn near impossible to remove . I was eventually able to get it off after soaking it for 24 hours in hot water and scrubbing with acetone , but the metal underneath is permanently discolored.CMON GUYS - do n't pull that crap . I buy a new product and I expect it to look new . I was mildly ticked off at the amount of work needed to get the darn sticker off , but to find the metal underneath permanently discolored is unacceptable . Buyer beware .
 Great leak-proof thermos for on-the-go hot coffee . No complaints there . But a big complaint about the large promo sticker glued to the side . I spent an hour soaking it , using De-Solv-It , and then gently scraping it off with fingernails ... only to discover that the finish underneath had darkened under the hardened layer of glue . Call me vain , but I 'd like the thermos to look new for at least its first few months of use.My thermos may have been an unlucky onesy from a back shelf somewhere , I suppose . Whatever , I returned it for the Thermos ` Nissan ' bottle -LRB- 16 oz . -RRB- , which is virtually identical but arrived with a clean finish -- and no darned sticker . -LRB- Update , almost 10 months later ... I 've taken my ` Nissan ' to work daily , and it 's been a champ . Hot-to-warm coffee all day , no leaks , easy cleaning . -RRB-
 This thermos worked pretty well for about a month . My coffee was still hot enough after about 2.5 hours . That 's about what one should expect for a small thermos like this . But now the bottle gets hot to the touch and the coffee is cool after just 1 hour . Clearly it lost its vacuum between the inner and outer layers . Why does n't Thermos make glass lined products any more ? Glass liners never lose their vacuum .
 The first time I tried this , I put in really hot tea and drank it about 5 hours later . By then it had already gotten cool . So I further tested this product by putting in really hot water -LRB- steaming -RRB- and waiting . In as little as 4 hours , the water had already turned luke warm . This is definitely not designed for drinking coffee/tea hours after you make it . You have to drink it probably within a couple hours of making it . And if you have to do that , what 's the point of a thermos ?
 I tried two of these ... returned the first due to a screw head from bottom heating element protruding not slightly ... but enough to crease the bottom of the stainless steel pot . Felt this could be a problem in the future for a pot that undergoes pressure . Also , this unit would not seal . Top did not fit bottom of pan , regardless of gasket.Second unit I tried would , also , not even come close to sealing . Top turned too far and had to stand there and apply pressure to get my meal done . Luckily , could return this one also . Done with this model !!!
 First , we have been using pressure cookers on a regular basis , for 20 + years . They are great , but you need to be able to trust that the are going to work correctly.I received this item without any documentation . Still , I filled it up with water and plugged it in . First thing I noticed was that the electrical connection seemed exposed and not of a very robust design . I then progammed the cooker . That is selected the number of min to have the heat on ; and pushed the start button . A light flashed , but nothing else happened . Then the timer began to count down towards zero . I moved the pot back and forth a little . Jiggling the pot must have improved the electrical contact , because pretty soon you could hear the water heating . After the set time of 5 min , the sound stopped . That 's it . No control of the temperature at all , other than `` ON '' / `` OFF `` Nice Idea for a multi purpose cooker , but not worth the price .
 During the first use , cooker started smoking from the bottom , which I assumed was just manufacturing oil being burned off . Continued to use but cooker would n't operate for more than 15 minutes without shutting off due to overheating . I 'm surprised Amazon agreed to carry such a poor quality product .
 I really wanted this pressure cooker to be the multi-cooker it promised to be . The first one I received spewed steam all over the place and the pressure relief valve did not stay in place . After using it one time , I cleaned it and the very messy counters and decided to try cooking something else . It did n't even turn on . The second one I received had similar problems , basically with the pressure relief valve . Water also built up behind the led light display . It heats unevenly , only has 1 temperature and you can not submerge the pot . I 've used pressure cookers for years and this is by far the poorest one I have ever used . That said , the customer service was great and the company refunded my money . I do n't think Manttra is making these anymore , which is a good thing because it is a really bad piece of kitchen equipment . The only good thing about it is the capacity .
 I tried two recipes , the first on the I setting , and the second on the II setting . Both scorched in the same exact pattern on the bottom of the cooker , though there was plenty of liquid . I would not recommend this product .
 I have had the cooker for a few weeks . I tried 2 different recipes -LRB- with plenty of water -RRB- and both burnt the bottom of the pan . I sent the unit back without cleaning it to show them the results . Maybe I had a faulty unit but until I see better results I can not recommend this unit .
 Have n't even received this item yet so do n't know how happy I will be with it . But when shipping costs 3 times the product price , that is ridiculous .
 The poster has nothing to do with Forsberg and is not that rare , this seller lists an item as if Amazon is eBay . This is the kind of false advertising that should stay on ebay and stay away from Amazon .
 The box arrived at my house having obviously been returned by 2 other people . I know this because the shipping labels to them were still on the box . The box was completely open and some of the pieces were missing . The `` Do not eat '' package had been torn open so when I carried the box inside it left a trail of the crystals through the house that my dog proceeded to eat before I even knew what was happening . I can still put the stand together without the missing pieces because I know where I can buy them , but I have n't started to because I am so angry about how it arrived . Especially since I 'm monitoring my dog for the next 12 hours to make sure he is n't poisoned .
 I received my chart stand and was shocked . Two of the wheels were completely broken . There was rust on the railings . The stand came with no directions . I am appalled !!
 when i testing the unit it works . the unit is about 43/4 long and 31/2 tall with a with about 41/8 . the top of the unit has on and off button with a range button for how but the virtual wall will extend you get them in increments of 0-3 , 4-7 , 8 + . the unit is pretty light but once you place the two D batteries in it feels solid . i had two problem with the unit one was that it does not make a straight one directional wall in front of the unit , it created a 3 foot sphere wall around the unit , which was the 0-3 increment i choose for the door way it blocks . to fix the problem i had to get some tinfoil and placed it around the unit to get it to create a wall in one direction . second problem i had was when picked up the unit the top and bottom half came apart probably due to the way they handled the unit in warehouse or how the package was mailed , but the box does not have any dents on it ... the item was basically mailed in the box the unit came in , with a mailing sticker address on the outside , the inside just had a cardboard holding the unit still , maybe different from other sellers . i emailed the seller `` Get More , PAY LESS !!!! '' i got a quick response but when asked what to do they stopped responding to my email its been about 1 week since they last responded . overall it works well but i hold my reserve when buy from `` Get More , PAY LESS !!!! '' they did help after having a negative feedback but when email about the feedback they were pretty cynical `` Thanks for the wonderful feedback '' and said i placed false feedback if they send you a dysfunctional unit , how is it false feedback . i went and glues the two halves together and ill see how long the unit will continue working .
 This is an absolute piece of junk . I tried all kinds of shoes on it , nothing stayed . DO NOT BUY , EVER
 I purchased this as an alarm clock . I found the idea of waking up to a bird song appealing . I also bought 2 additional song cards . The good news is that the item does work as an alarm clock . The bad news is that it comes with no AC power cord and the seller does not provide it . I contacted amazon and I was told to go buy one at radioshack ! The other problem is that it seems the alarm clock will always go off with the first song in the card . I contacted amazon to ask if this is accurate and they just told me to ask the seller . Forget about it . I emailed the seller several times and never got an answer . Funny thing is the seller sends you unsolicited emails asking to comment on your purchase . But when they never respond to their own email . I still do not understand what is the point of having song cards with several songs when the alarm clock will always go off with the first song . Seems it is a complete waste of time to have a card with 10 songs and a complete waste of time to buy additional cards .
 This item comes without batteries or a plug . Great customer care ! Plus , my birdsinging clock was dead even when I put batteries in . Dead on arrival . Swan song .
 Ok , this item is very well made . It is not heavy , but the workmanship is nice . I got the optional ac adapter , so do n't have to worry about batteries . I thought it would be nice to wake to something different in the mornings , but I guess I 'll have to keep looking . The volume is low , so it never rouses me . I do n't know for sure if the alarm repeats for a period of time , or just goes through the card once , because it has n't waken me up once this entire first week I 've tried using it . The speaker is in back , so it is n't projecting any sound forward . I would not buy it as an alarm clock if you are n't going to add it to a collection of them .
 I had this same bird clock for many years . When it accidentally fell off my nightstand and broke , I decided to buy the exact same clock since I was so pleased with it in the past.However , it is not the same , and not just in appearance . This one , though it looks similar , is more cheaply made . Compared in weight , it is must lighter and more `` plastic '' looking . The casing on my previous bird clock was a silver color , whereby this one is a dark gray lightweight plastic.To advance time or alarm times , you can not just hold the button down to scroll to the desired hour or minute . You now have to hit the button individually for each hour or minute desired.So the price has remained the same , but the quality has deteriorated .
 Although the appearance of this alarm clock is attractive , and bird idea is interesting , the clock does not worth to buy , because it is not working from any batteries . The owner has already included additional page with information that not every batteries will work for the clock and added instructions of how to break plastic separators between the batteries '' placeholders to make better contact for the batteries . I fallowed the instructions , and it did not help at all . It looks like there is bad design from inside and batteries just can not make the right contact in their placeholders . I was very disappointed , because I ordered this alarm clock both , from Amazon.com and from Identiflyer with the same result . I returned both alarm clocks . The owner contacted me and promised to send me working one , but I am not sure I will do any business with this company anymore.Svetlana Plummer
 It is a very attractive cutting board but it consists of three pieces of wood , the middle piece being the biggest . This allows for significant warping when left lying down . This board has to be dried on edge . I guess I was expecting thicker better quality.On the positive side , it is quite big and relatively light weight so its easy for my Wife and Daughter to use but I would n't recommend it .
 do n't waste you money ! ... mine was 4 months old and spit from on end to the other . I 've had many cutting boards in the past with no problems . I oiled and cleaned this one and it just became unlamented at the seems . Pure junk . Spend your money elsewhere . Mines firewood now .
 When my cutting board arrived and I began to use it , I was very satisified with it 's size , looks , functionality , etc. . That was my opinion when it first arrived -- and for about 2 weeks thereafter . Then the board began to warp . It is still usable , but it has gone from a 5-star item to a 1-star dud . I am very disappointed and am looking for a replacement .
 For the money , this is a decent cutting board . Large enough to plop & chop a nice assortment of veggies , but small enough to tuck on top of the fridge for storage.However , I ordered it not as a cutting board ; but as a spacer block to put under my sewing machine . I need something to raise it up an inch , to make it flush with my tabletop , and thought this would be a perfect fit.The product description says it 's 1 '' thick ; but it 's only 5/8 '' ! Maybe it 's because I spent many years working in manufacturing , but that big of an error is completely unacceptable . If I ordered a 1 '' piece of steel & we tried to use 5/8 '' thick instead , the product we 're building would categorically fail . Why should this be any different?As always , Amazon is gracious with their return policy , which I appreciate ; but I never would have ordered it in the first place , had the description been truthful . Now they have to pay for my return shipping -LRB- expensive -RRB- , have the return processed at the warehouse -LRB- expensive labor costs -RRB- , and wait for my refund -LRB- expensive accounting costs -RRB- . So much waste that could easily have been avoided .
 I 've owned this product for two weeks . I moved and had my Boos block in storage ; this was an interim solution . I realize that the board is not hard rock maple , but still ... Having washed it only in lukewarm soapy water three or four times , I am dismayed to notice signfcant warping -LRB- bowing , really -RRB- down the middle.Even at the price , I 'm not happy with this product .
 So I received my cutting boards , two of them one small and one large , for a wedding gift a year ago . Just took them out of the package in March of 2011 . Loved them at first but they soon began to fall apart . both boards started cracking . My smaller one of the two completely cracked in half reduring it useless , and I am not waiting for the bigger one to fall apart also . My family has always gotten Chicago Cutlery for weddings gifts , but maybe this will be the last time getting their accessories . Hands down the knives are great , but also under warranty , whereas the cutting boards are not no matter how long or short time you have had them from . Nothing lasts forever , but cutting boards lasting under 6 months ???? Will not buy or give again .
 Useless product.Soaks water and becomes unbalanced and tilted withing 2 days . . waste of money . .
 Well ... its wood ... its hard to clean ... but I knew that going into it !! wont do it again !
 I bought this fountain and it is cheap looking . You 'll need to add rocks and bury the base so it does n't have that plastic cheap bowl look . I 've only had it 1 day so do n't know how durable it is . Functionally , it is a good design and works well and is pretty with the lights off it has a soft lit appearance . I guess for $ 30 . you get that .
 Fits perfectly in a small area . Need to keep an eye on the water level . It tends to go dry very quickly .
 would be muck better if it was plug in and actually worked when there was a noise .
 I purchased this thermos for my over the road truck driver husband . It worked for about a month . Now it will not keep anything hot for longer than 3 hours ! I wasted my money !
 This absolutely does not keep liquids even a little warm . When you put hot water inside it you can feel the heat on the outside of the container , that should not happen if there is insulation . Terrible ! Not what I expected .
 I 've tried every tip in the book with this vacuum bottle . My coffee will NOT stay hot . After a short drive to work , it 's only warm . Outside of bottle feels warm , so heat is escaping . This is the second Stanley I 've had and I am really not happy with Stanley products . Am I just unlucky enough to get TWO bad bottles ? Stupid me for deciding to give it another try . I 'm taking it back to the store.Why does everyone else have piping hot coffee with these things ? I 'd give it NO stars if I could.Argh .
 my husband is in the Navy and was extremely excited about this thermos . the plastic on it was cracked and as soon as he picked it up the handle broke and it fell to the ground . the plastic completely ripped off the bottom . he never even got the chance to use this thermos before it broke . not to mention when it fell the `` stainless steel '' lid bent . very poor quality .
 Receive the Stanley Bolt Vacuum Bottle on a Wednesday and by Friday the lid was out of shape and leaking . Only keep coffee hot for about 6 hours . Two weeks late bought a Thermos Brand form Walmart , happy with this one .
 Before I made my purchase , I read the reviews for the Stanley bottle I wanted . There were good reviews buzzing about and there were bad reviews loitering around . The ratio of good reviews to bad ones was about 6:1 . Which , with to my standards , helped uplift my consumer confidence . So i clicked and it came on the following Monday.Not to be someone who throws bad reviews around to conjure misery , but some things must be said : The good1 . The mighty bolt will hold 1.1 quarts of coffee .2 . It looks cool , I guess.The bad1 . The temperature of your coffee will diminish in mere hours . Say you store a cup of 200 degree Fahrenheit coffee . In about an two hours , it will be half that at best .2 . It 's big and bulky -- not recommended for people who already have big items in their bag.For those of you who enjoy lukewarm to cold coffee . Go ahead , get it .
 We recently purchased this Stanley Aladin Overtime Vacuum 1.1 Quart Bottle as our old thermos had given up the ghost after falling out of the car one time too many . The reason for purchase of a thermos is to keep things like coffee hot . Unfortunately , this thermos fails abjectly at that task and within an hour or so the coffee is dead cold . My wife even puts very hot water inside the thermos for ten minutes before filling it with hot freshly brewed coffee . I think if you left the coffee out it would not cool any faster than it does in this thermos . What a ripoff !
 I purchased this thermos for Father ; s Day . It was great for 5 weeks . Coffee was hot for 15 + hours . Then one night it was cold in about 3 hours . Same cleaning/drying process each time . Rinsed out by hand only . Try finding a Stanley customer service number is a joke too . Do n't waste the money , rather go to Donin Donuts .
 This thermos stinks . It will not keep anything WARM for more than 5 hours . Very disappointed with this product . Going back to the20 year old standard stanley thermos !!
 It 's a shame what 's happened to the Stanley company since they 've outsourced their production to China . My father swore by their products for decades , being a factory worker who had his Stanley thermos for 20 years taking coffee to work . Sad that this is no longer the case.To start , for those that do n't know , I need to explain how a thermos works . Basically , it 's two containers . There 's the outer container that you see , then the inner container that holds the liquid . The space in between the two containers is an empty vacuum . The reason for this is that you ca n't transfer heat in a vacuum , so this is what keeps the liquid cold/hot . If that vacuum seal is broken , then the thermos ceases to work . It 's just another big `` cup '' at that point with no insulating value at all.This said , I 've been bitten by Stanley FIVE TIMES so far :1 . -RRB- The first time I purchased one of the large green `` vacuum bottles '' -LRB- the 2 quart size -RRB- . It worked for almost a week before it lost its vacuum seal and quit working .2 . -RRB- Thinking the first must be a fluke , I purchased a second one . This one managed to make it 3 weeks before losing its seal .3 . -RRB- I figured maybe there was something wrong with the manufacturing of the green containers , so bought a stainless steel one . It worked for two uses , and the seal broke .4 . -RRB- Finally , now out over $ 100 in merchandise , I contacted the Stanley company . They sent me a replacement 2 quart thermos , but it was the green one again . This one made it two weeks , then lost the seal .5 . -RRB- Never one to learn my lesson , I figured perhaps there was a problem with the 2 quart size , so gave up on it , and purchased a smaller 1.1 quart . This one worked for almost two months , but then lost its seal.After the fifth failure , I contacted the Stanley company again , and this time was completely ignored . That was almost a year ago , and no response.Now , keep in mind that these are SUPPOSED to be heavy-duty , rugged bottles designed for the work site . Even still , I only ever hand-washed them and treated them with kids gloves , especially after the first failure.Stanley products are now garbage . That 's all there is to it . The sellout to China to do the production of absolute trash products has convinced me to never purchase another Stanley product again , whether a thermos or a tool . I 'm done with the company after this experience .
 I have both the Thermos Rock and the Stanley overtime . I filled them both up exactly at the same time with boiling water , headed to the snow and after 4 hours opened them both up . The liquid in the Stanley Overtime was warm , but the liquid in the Thermos Rock was still too hot to drink . I would not recommend the Stanley Overtime as the Thermos puts out a much better product .
 I bought this coffee thermos to replace my 20 year old green stanley . What a mistake it worked great for about a month and a half , kept my coffee hot for 8 hours . and then after a two week vacation it never worked the same now my coffee is cold after 3 hours . Trying to figure out how to get a refund from Stanley . I should have known better Made in China
 Do n't waste your money . Not worth the quality . Seems like something I could have bought from a high-end $ 1 store . One bulb came out just from me hanging it up the very first time and what a hassle to get the bulb out of its plastic holding with just a sticker of Dora on it and replace it .
 I bought a whole block of these `` silverpoint '' wustoff knives thinking I would be getting a fairly decent knife considering their reputation even though it was their lower end . My husband and I are very disappointed . The knives are thin , flimsy and bendy ... not good when you need to cut a very crusty slice of bread or anything else a little tougher . They are n't as sharp as I was expecting either . I would have been better buying a cheaper brand with a thicker , more solid metal part . I guess if you 're going to go for Wustoff ... go for their expensive knives , because in their case , you get what you pay for ... and less .
 THOUGHT THIS WOULD BE A GOOD QUALITY KNIFE AS MOST ARE BY THIS MFG . . BUT IT PROVED TO BE A CHEAP VERSION .
 I 'm rating this item 1 star , not because I feel that it does n't work well , but because of the obvious white border around these filters that shows through on my blueair air purifier . Yuck . Why on earth would the color of the border not match the color of front/back/top of my air purifier , since the border shows through on all of these areas ? Design faux pas for sure ! I uploaded some photos to show other consumers what they look like since the official photo does not match what you actually receive . Sigh .
 The Item Pictured shows the Carbon , and is not what you will get.The description says `` 3 standard HEPASilent filter of polypropylene -LRB- traps particles -RRB- and activated carbon -LRB- removes odors and gases -RRB- . `` You are not getting any carbon here , I should have paid attention to the other review.If it sounds too good to be true ...
 I am very disappointed with these shears . I have small hands and thin fingers . I can just barely fit three fingers in a hole . I wish I had n't thrown out the packing because I would have returned them .
 Potential buyers of the Wusthof Come-Apart Kitchen Shears , I bought these shears to replace my very old Chicago Cutlery ones that I have had for over 10 years . I was unimpressed by everything except the sharpness . The handles are not ergonomic at all and actually hurt after a while , which I can deal with , b/c I do n't use these for more than a minute or so each time I use them . However the most disapointing thing about these shears is that they started to rust at the pivot point where they connect after only 2 months . These shears do n't even stand a chance at lasting one quarter as long as my Chicago Cutlery ones , which I thought were decent but nontheless . I will be looking at different brands to replace these soon.Sincerely , The KitchenConnoisseur
 I bought these Wusthof shears from Amazon and have not been pleased with them . I have small hands and it is very hard for me to open and close the shears enough to cut though a chicken breast . It is uncomfortable and feels like the blades are too stiff . I am not sure how to adjust the tension , if there is a way to help them open more smoothly . ALSO , the ergonomics are such that the top and bottom handle are identical -LRB- perhaps to match left and right-handed persons -RRB- , so it 's hard to feel like they fit nicely into the hand . Imagine a baseball glove without finger sectioning . Yes , you can use it , but it does n't accentuate the natural shape of the hand . The scissors are not poor quality , but they fit poorly in my hand . Perhaps it is my small hands ?? I wear 4.5 to 5 size ring , and my hands are less than 7 inches from wrist to middle finger tip , to give you a frame of reference . My advice is try before you buy . I was ` upgrading ' from Fiskars orange kitchen shears that also take apart . I wanted the black name-brand shears here to match my new knives . BUT guess who puts down the Wusthof and reaches for the Fiskars ? :-RRB- Hope this helps someone ...
 I disliked these shears from the moment we got them & should have returned them . They come apart when you are using them . The locking mechanism is too short , apparently , and during normal use the two pieces disengage from each other.Now , after less than a year of very careful use -LRB- because you ca n't use them any other way without peril -RRB- they have rust spots all over them . Into the trash they go . Spend your money on a different brand !
 Wusthof 5558-1 ShearsWhere the shears overlap near the connector is very very tight and most difficult to open or close . Nothing I 've tried to loosen them works .
 The good news is they work well and come apart . That being said , the BAD news is they come apart way too easily . When my kids -LRB- 10 - 12 years -RRB- old got hold of them , they turn into knives . Do not get these if you have older children that can use scissors . My wife was frustrated how these cam apart TOOO easily .
 Upon opening the box , I immediately took these shears apart . Now I ca n't get them to stay together . However , this is no great loss since the handles feel cheap and uncomfortable to hold . I 'm exchanging them for another pair of Henckels Twinshears -- my previous pair vanished .
 I first bought a pair of Wustof 's Come-Apart kitchen shears several years ago . When the blades got dull , my husband sharpened them without checking to see if they should be , and he ruined them . D'oh ! Since I loved those awesome shears , I immediately bought another pair . They are NOT the same as my original ! While the original pair came apart a bit too easily -LRB- although never while I was cutting with them -RRB- , these are way too tight . I 'd bought a 9-pack of center-cut pork chops at Sam 's Club and needed to split them . The more I cut , the harder it was to move the blades . It felt like the blades were bent and therefore not moving freely . My hand hurt and was even cramping , it was so hard to cut with these things -LRB- and we did this all the time with the other pair , with ease -RRB- . When I was done , I discovered the handle had rubbed the skin off my thumb ! It was raw as if I had road rash . VERY painful.I immediately contacted Wustof and they sent me a replacement pair . The new ones are n't much better . Just now I showed my husband how quickly they become hard to open and close , without even cutting anything other than air . I am now shopping on Amazon for a different brand . These are AWFUL and Wustof really ruined them by making them harder to come apart !
 I 've owned these shears for several years now and they have been a disappointment almost since day 1 . I bought them because of percieved quality of the Wusthof name , and the near 5-star reviews on Amazon . I really do n't know how people can write about cutting apart a chicken with these things . The steel has way too much flex , making them lousy performers and dangerous during heavy tasks . In fact coming apart is pretty much the only thing they do well . Mine did not come especially sharp , and what meagre edge they had they sure did n't hold . There also seem to be some quality control issues with the hinge . After a year or two of moderate use mine became much too loose and developed a noticeable wobble , making them more prone to come apart when I do n't want them to . These are the kind of cheap shears Wusthof adds as filler to their block sets that people get as wedding gifts . They are not adequate kitchen shears .
 I just received these scissors . They are of high quality and made in Germany . There 's only one problem . The handles are so small that I can only get two fingers into the handle . This makes it virtually impossible to actually USE the scissors . Maybe I 'll hang them on the wall as art .
 Contrary to what it says in the description of the item -LRB- origin
 I am long time wustof user and have many sets of these . bought these and several cheaper sets . these are great knives but 3 times the cost of cheaper sets . nothing wrong with the knives but I now know what I pay for brand name.After washing these in dishwasher several times , I am getting rust on these knives . Since they are stainless , this amazed me . I found you have to prewash to get all the grease off or you will get rust . because of this I had to drop the rating to 1 star . Interestingly I have another full set of wustof on my butcher block . they do not get rusty so I think the metal quality in these can not be as good as their other knifeware .
 They do cut steak , but are a problem with tomatoes and bread . I assumed that a sharp knife would also cut other things . My pocket knife cuts through tomato skins with ease , but not these .
 Very disappointed in these knives . Used them when they arrived and found out they were not cutting steak very well.After looking at them closely , I noticed they did not have a good edge . I used my steel and brought the edge back up . They then cut nicely but they do not hold an edge . I have to use a steel on them after every use.I am an ex meat cutter and expect a lot more from a knife . I would not recommend these to any one .
 This Is Not a MENORAH , I am not jewish but bought it for my wife who is . The title say Menorah 7 branch > this is a fancy candle holder with some nice jewish symbols on it . I wanted to buy a Menorah for my wife , She said she likes it but told me it was not what i told her it was and that a true MENORAH has 9 place for the candles , Yes i know it says 7 branch but how is someone who is not jewish KNOW this when IT says MENORAH 7 branch They need to change the title of this item to candle holder 7 branch NOW i have to find a nice REAL menorah when i already spent 80 bucks on this ... thanks for misrepresenting wht the product is
 I liked the LOOK of this fan , but unfortunately it has to go back . You get to the end of the assembly and then you find that the front grill cover wo n't attach to the back . After struggling with the cheap plastic rim that is supposed to lock onto the back grill for about 30 minutes I gave up ! Even if there 's a chance you might get it to fit , good luck next time if you need to clean it or if the grill bends just the slightest bit you 'll likely never get it re-attached . Did Holmes test this design ? It 's NOT functional and it flat-out does n't work !
 I got this set as a wedding gift and the knives feel nice , but do not slice any meat without pulling/tearing it . They will do the job , but my steak knives that came in my $ 30 Henkel block set work way better . Do n't waste your money unless you are buying these for the look
 I love these knives . Wusthof makes excellent , top quality knives . Not only are they easy to use , but they are beautiful tools as well.However , I would not purchase the box that these lovely items come in for any amount of money . Not only is the box cheaply made and lighter than a feather , there were several knicks , cracks , and chips in the box that made it unpresentable . I was hoping to have two nice sets of knives to pull out when guests arrive . Instead , I returned my purchase and now need to find a suitable alternative .
 I just received the set . The knives are not the same as shown . Instead of the crescent blade , these have a notch at the end . They look exactly like the ones in the Wusthof 4-piece set that does n't have very good rating . The box hinge is off and one wooden piece inside came off , too , exposing the glue . I am glad I did n't send this gift set to someone , would be embarrassing !
 The primary problem with these knives is the fact that they are serrated on one side -LRB- so they never need to be sharpened , purportedly -RRB- and smooth on the other . The result is that everything you cut from the top slides to about a 35 degree angle instead of straight down . Clearly , this is a problem because you ca n't use them to dice or chop , because you do n't have enough knife control with this type of blade . Everything you cut swerves 35 degrees off from where you intended.I complained and Chicago Cutlery upgraded me to a regular knife set - the metropolitan . The metal on the metropolitan is less sturdy and the handles are a cheaper material , but the reason I presume they are more expensive is because they are better quality . They sharpen easily and cut properly . I would recommend those over the Classic Chef any day .
 Years of trusting Chicago Cutlery went down the drain with this purchase.How the company could risk its reputation for quality by putting out such a poor product is beyond me.The wood knife holder is fine . The handles are smooth and well finished . The knife blades are a complete and total disaster . The so-called `` STAINLESS '' steel is really a poor quality carbon steel . I have the distinct feeling that my set was unfinished , as the serrated edges were so rough that slicing meats or even a tomato ended up with a tearing of the food . I finally used a sharpener to take the unfinished edges down a little . That worked , but seems dumb that they came out of the factory unfinished.The blades are very heavy whch may seem like a feature , but because the serrations are only on one side , when you try to cut , the angle of the blade edge causes the blade to turn , and prevents even cuts.The worst part , is the rust . I note that after I bought the item , the term `` hand wash '' was added to the descriptive copy . Even hand washing and drying did not prevent rust , and then of course , if the rust is allowed to remain for any time ... pitting takes place.My wife bought the set at Christmas from Kmart ... supposedly a $ 59.95 value for $ 29.95 . Hey ... I was happy ... a set of Chicago , at a great price . Not to be ... I have thrown away the original box , but do n't recall anything on the box or the descriptive card that was included that said the set was imported from China . Usually , when this is the case , the words `` made in China '' are imbedded in the blade . Not so . The blade has only the embossed `` Chicago '' brand.I used to work near the Chicago headquarters , and knew some of the workers , who had pride in their product . That was then , this is now ... They say you get what you pay for . In this case , I must tell you that I bought a similar set for our cabin , with a few less steak knives , but the same basic carving knives ... no wood knife holder but a nice wood cutting board . The set does n't rust , cuts better , and the best part is that it had a day in , day out price of a flat $ 8.00 . The stamped brand was `` Gourmet Traditions '' , and the `` made in China '' stamp WAS on the blade.We gave our `` Classic '' set away to Goodwill , with a warning that it was n't worth more than $ 5-8 .00 `` Chicago Cutlery '' made an enemy of me ... You can only trade on a magnificent reputation 'til your old customers catch on .
 My parents have a set of Chicago cutlery that they got for their wedding decades ago , and it 's still a great set for them . I bought this set as a starter set until I could upgrade to a better Chicago cutlery set , but I 'll never buy another Chicago cutlery set . The chef 's knife rusted after a week . Now three months later , their all rusted . The serrated edge is dull and does n't cut , it tears . If your thinking of buying this set , regardless of price you would better served spending your money elsewhere .
 I have had this knife set for just over 2 months and the knives are starting to rust ! They have only been handwashed , as reccomended . I would not purchase this product again .
 These are probably some of the worst knives I have tried using . Their serrated edge means that they tear whatever you are cutting , and they stick to the chopping board -LRB- if you are using a wooden chopping board -RRB- . They are unpredictable and rear off in unexpected directions meaning it 's virtually impossible to cut straight and you have to watch your fingers . I would n't recommend these knives to anyone .
 I DO NOT recommend . I do n't typically write reviews unless it 's really bad . I bought this last year to save on counter space . The block is however , coming apart at the seam right through the Wusthof name . Wusthof do not stand by this product ... I expected something of better quality and it did n't meet up to standards .
 Because the swivel attachment piece is not centered on the wood block - the block leans - the block is not on plane with the floor/counter top . When the block it turned sideways to get the knife handles out of your face , so to speak , it is really noticeable . When the handles are facing you the handles are tilted a bit to the ceiling . Very annoying to look at but functionally it is a good space saver and very convenient .
 I bought one of these years ago and it has served me very well . However the current product is not the same . First of all the product is not made with any quality . The wood is green and the glue joints separate so badly that my son , who is a woodworker , said there was no way he could fix the last one I bought . Then we get to the knife slots . There is not one slot wide enough for a normal size chef 's knife , basic to any knife set . The sharpening steel slot , which on my old block is on the bottom row , is on the top row of slots and , as every steel has a hanger ring , that falls in front of the knife slot below it . For a company as well know as Wusthof it is a disgrace . I sent a letter with photos to Wusthof USA to which I received no reply . Shame on Wusthof !
 This knife block has a very nice finish , however it does n't fit under any standard cabinet . The block that mounts to the underside of your cabinet is about 1 '' too thin to allow the block to swing out as it is designed . Also , the template does not match the mounting holes in the swivel block , and the screws are not the right length . I am returning mine for a refund.Also of note - the block holds the knife in place by magnets that can scratch/mark the blades of your fine cutlery when you pull the knife out or slide it in.Altogether , this is a non-starter . Yes , I could modify it and make it work but when you pay this kind of a price for a block of wood with slots in it you should n't have to re-manufacture it to make it work .
 This thing comes with a drilling guide that does NOT match the holes ... is n't this year 2012 ? You have got to be kidding me!What should have been a 5 minute job took about an hour as I had to correct for the screwy errors ... literally and figuratively.I used the extra block as my cabinet ends hang a little lower . The design is horrible as you have the actual block and then another about 4x4 piece that has to go between the block and the bottom of the cabinet . I guess Wusthof is good at making knifes but they have NO concept of working with wood.Think about this . You have the cabinet to screw through , an additional 4x4 piece of wood , and then the block itself . Does n't it make sense to make the holes in the 4x4 block larger so that you can actually push the screw through them and then screw into the block below ? It 's bad enough the guide is off , it 's even worse that you have to effectively screw three things together ... this is obviously not meant to be ... Bottom line
 I gave this a 2 and returned it because I did not realize that I had to drill holes through the cabinet and secure it with screws from inside the cabinet to mount it . Also the shelves inside my cabinet are not removable , without a right angle drill attachment it is impossible to countersink the holes from inside the cabinet for the flat head mounting screws to be flush with the bottom on the cabinet.The storage block itself appears to be well made and would solve the problem of not cluttering up the kitchen counter .
 This fan is not worth much . I guess that is why they are so cheep . My job purchased 22 fans and more than 50 % are not working after 9 months after purchased ! I do plan to use the 3yr warranty for this product ! I agree , we get what we pay for , however the problems associated with this product such as insuficiant hardware or missing hardware to put this together and 3 of these fans burning out shortly after use and the rest later during 9 months , should not be happening ! The manufacture must take a good long look at their product before putting out to general public if they want a good review !
 When i got this fan and was putting it togther i was noticing that all of the parts were plastic and that the fan was cheeply made . When i turned the fan on i was very dissapointed because it did not move hardley any air , I thought that it might be becaust of how small it is . But i have a 12in table fan -LRB- that is the same size -RRB- and it moves twice as much air . I have another windmere fan and it doesnt move hardley any air either .
 I have had 5 of these fans and every one burned out the main fan bearing . There must be a fatal design flaw . Chuck Hird
 YOu get what you pay for with this fan . I plugged it in and five minutes later noticed the motor start burning and smell hot . IT then blew . NOW THE FAN WONT EVEN GO ON AND ITS NOT WORTH RETURNING FOR 15 bucks !
 The description says
 My wife likes to cook and I 've always heard that a great set of kitchen knives make cooking prep so much easier . The Oxo knife that she loved was getting a little dull so I decided I 'd get her a set of quality knives for her birthday . She discovered my plan and was not in favor of the $ when we could get another little Oxo for $ 5 but I insisted on this Wusthof set . I was confident that she would be pleased with the quality difference of this 3 knife set . Well , we 've had the knives for a few months now and we 've been disappointed . The knives are not that incredibly sharp and the handles are pretty small so its not comfortable cutting thru anything with substance . I realize from reading other reviews before I purchased that this set was a ` economy ' set from Wusthof . Therefore , perhaps their other knives are decent . Unfortunately , we 'll never know cause our experience has turned us off to the brand and I 'm not in the habit of throwing good money after bad . Word to the wise for manufacturers
 rec 'd my order today just as promised , Bought this item because STANLEY always had a great history of being built tough , rugged . . BUT TO MY SURPRISE , -LRB- IT 'S MADE IN CHINA -RRB- VERY disappointed , if i 'd known this , I never would have purchased it ... time will tell
 I bought a `` Stanley '' thermos and found it to be made in china not the USA . I tried it any way and they no longer have the pour through stopper and the replacements will not fit the new chinese bottles . They call the new stoppers you have to half unscrew , to pour , an Easy Pour but it should be called easy dribble . It dribbles when you pour and it leaks when it 's tight and it does n't keep coffee hot more than a couple hours.No thanks on the replacement . I got my money back on a return and purchased TWO , GOOD , real Stanely thermos on the used market for the cost of the junk new chinese one .
 I bought two of these food jars and the first one kept the food hot for a about a month but then the food was cold after a few hours . The second one kept the food only warm to start out with and later on did not keep the temperature at all . I rinse the thermos with boiling water first and the food is boiling when I pour it into the thermos but it did not keep the temperature .
 Initially this product was great . Food was hot 12 hours later . After only a few months of daily use I noticed that the food was n't as warm . The problem lies in the silicon rubber gasket on the stopper . It stretches and no longer seals properly allowing leakage and temperature issues . Eventually the gasket starting falling off into my food . After simply placing the gasket back on for a while it tore . The gasket is not available as a replacement part nor is the stopper with gasket available although for other models they do . This happened with two different bottles . I 've now given up and am trying a different type . If Stanley had stood behind it with replacement parts then perhaps I 'd feel differently about it .
 I received the classic food jar for Christmas and am sorely dissappointed . I currently own and use , on a daily basis , an old 1 qt . Stanley thermos that was my father 's . On its ' second generation and with no replaced parts , it works flawlessly 5 days a week . When I go through identical procedures to preheat both bottles and place idendically heated items in both containers , they act completely different . My soup ends up , at best , lukewarm after 6 hours in a warm house . Am I missing something?I understand the draw to cheaper labor in China and using cheaper materials to save cost , but unless you 're purposefully trying to switch to a more mainstream market , you are missing out on the mentality of your traditional market . The true blue-coller working class -LRB- I 'm a carpenter -RRB- who use your items as another tool in the toolbox are looking for quality without question , and are willing to pay for it . While not the wealthiest demographic in America , we understand the advantage of paying more to not have our tools break when we need them most . I pay $ 300 for my work boots , $ 200 for a tool belt , and would pay whatever price you deem required to make me a product that gave me a hot meal on a cold jobsite . I am fiercly loyal to my Redwing boots , my Carhartt pants , and my Stanley thermos because , although they cost more , they function every time , through real world abuse , and without question . Feel free to make it heavier , costlier , in America , and without planned obselescence , and I will run out and buy one immediately . Until then , I 'm in search of a better product to spend my hard earned dollars on .
 I own two , and have had problems with both . Even when pre-heated , coffee / tea is luke warm 3 hours later . Sturdy product -- should be for it is pretty heavy5/4/07 update -- I think it is important to mention that shortly after the original review was posted , Stanley contacted me to offer a replacement . I thought this was pretty cool . I would add another star if Amazon would let me
 Just returned this item as it was terrible in keeping liquids warm . on a cross country drive we bot it to keep water warm for a baby bottle . it was terrible . lost heat after a two hours and was completely cold after 4 hours . wished i had bot my thermos brand along . if the stanley company is reading this please note you have SERIOUS QUALITY issues . Felt totally scammed . I would not recommend this product . -LSB- ... -RSB- hope this helps other customers .
 pre heat with boiling for 5 min . added hot soup4 hr . later cold soupsad to say will shop for another brand
 i had this thermos for a couple weeks then noticed the spot welds on the handle support were broken . no longer carry it.is a dissapointment when you hear about stanley ` s quality
 From the Amazon Description : The distinctive Stanley bottle is an American Icon that still works as hard today as it did nearly 100 years ago . Stanley ... Built for Life.This AMERICAN Icon is manufacted in CHINA.I purchased mine based on a review that this was made in the USA posted in December . Mine arrived today and MADE in CHINA is stamped in the metal.It would be so helpful if AMAZON would include the Country of Manufacture in the Features of the product rather than allow the abovewhich certainly implied -LRB- along with another reviewer 's positive statement -RRB- that the product was made in the USA.I will gladly pay more for products that are manufactured in a country that believes in Human Rights and is not a tremendous polluter of our Earth.Please Amazon , give us a bit more information .
 It 's a shame what 's happened to the Stanley company since they 've outsourced their production to China . My father swore by their products for decades , being a factory worker who had his Stanley thermos for 20 years taking coffee to work . Sad that this is no longer the case.To start , for those that do n't know , I need to explain how a thermos works . Basically , it 's two containers . There 's the outer container that you see , then the inner container that holds the liquid . The space in between the two containers is an empty vacuum . The reason for this is that you ca n't transfer heat in a vacuum , so this is what keeps the liquid cold/hot . If that vacuum seal is broken , then the thermos ceases to work . It 's just another big `` cup '' at that point with no insulating value at all.This said , I 've been bitten by Stanley FIVE TIMES so far :1 . -RRB- The first time I purchased one of the large green `` vacuum bottles '' -LRB- the 2 quart size -RRB- . It worked for almost a week before it lost its vacuum seal and quit working .2 . -RRB- Thinking the first must be a fluke , I purchased a second one . This one managed to make it 3 weeks before losing its seal .3 . -RRB- I figured maybe there was something wrong with the manufacturing of the green containers , so bought a stainless steel one . It worked for two uses , and the seal broke .4 . -RRB- Finally , now out over $ 100 in merchandise , I contacted the Stanley company . They sent me a replacement 2 quart thermos , but it was the green one again . This one made it two weeks , then lost the seal .5 . -RRB- Never one to learn my lesson , I figured perhaps there was a problem with the 2 quart size , so gave up on it , and purchased a smaller 1.1 quart . This one worked for almost two months , but then lost its seal.After the fifth failure , I contacted the Stanley company again , and this time was completely ignored . That was almost a year ago , and no response.Now , keep in mind that these are SUPPOSED to be heavy-duty , rugged bottles designed for the work site . Even still , I only ever hand-washed them and treated them with kids gloves , especially after the first failure.Stanley products are now garbage . That 's all there is to it . The sellout to China to do the production of absolute trash products has convinced me to never purchase another Stanley product again , whether a thermos or a tool . I 'm done with the company after this experience .
 After a few months of use , it quit keeping food or liquid warm . Not the same quality as the ones made years ago .
 When I bought this thermos , I assumed I would be able to store drinks in it , screw on the lids , and put it in my backpack for secure transportation of liquids while camping . I can not attest to the temperature of the contents after a prolonged period of time because they leaked all over my backpack , its clothes , and my back seat . This was especially unfortunate considering it was a cold alcoholic beverage and I only became aware of the leak after it caused my car to reek of liquor . I spent the rest of the weekend with the nickname `` Rummy '' because of how my clothes smelled.It still works great as a large cup , though it 's not worth $ 25 .
 Stanley has really dropped the ball on their quality control it seems . Either you get a decent thermos or a piece of junk . Do NOT buy the new Stanley thermoses ; find something more reliable.On my first use of this product , I filled it with fresh , hot coffee , tightened up the stopper , screwed on the lid , and threw it into my backpack . About ten minutes later , I go to pick up my backpack , and there 's a large puddle of coffee where my backpack was lying . The stopper was leaking prodigiously no matter how tightly it was screwed on . Giving up on carrying a hot thermos of coffee through the day , I `` sealed '' up the thermos and left it on the kitchen counter . 10 hours later , I come home and check on the temperature of the coffee . It 's barely warmer than room temperature . Well , at least I 'm a fan of iced coffee ...
 I got this to have hot soup and chili at the ski area during my lunch break ... Not !! I preheated the bottle with hot water while heating the soup/chili on the stove . Less than 5 hours later , I removed it from my ski bag -LRB- stored indoors -RRB- and opened the thermos to barely luke warm soup . The real downer was that this piece of junk radiated enough heat inside my ski bag to melt chocolate bars into a big lump of wrappers and chocolate . I have an old USA made Stanley coffee thermos that has literally been around the world and can still have hot coffee 10 hours later . I would have given this zero stars if possible .
 Received this Stanley food jar a few days ago . Today my husband field tested it ... the bottle was almost too hot to handle on the outside , and by lunchtime the food was lukewarm . But , thanks to Amazon , I wo n't have to pay to ship it back , and they have a new one on the way . Hence the 3 stars . I really like this design , and want it to work . So I 'm hoping the next one will be the Stanley quality.Update 10/11/11 : We received the replacement food jar not long after I posted the first review . It works perfectly , although I figured out that when reheating cold foods I have to do it on the stove , the microwave does n't get it hot enough or all the way through and hubby ends up with a cold meal later . But done on the stove and heated till boiling the food will keep hot for hours . Happy customer here.Update 12/9/11 The second Food Jar has failed , by lunchtime hubby 's food has gone cold . Will be contacting Stanley for a replacement since it 's too late to do through Amazon now .12 / 27 Just contacted Stanley . They are sending a replacement food jar and will not require me to send the defective one back . That 's nice ! Hope the new one lasts longer.Update 3-1-12 : The latest Food Jar has also failed . I 'm not sure how many times I 'm supposed to get replacements before I say enough is enough ? I 'm so sick and tired of this happening , but due to the length of time it 's been since I bought this item from Amazon , I ca n't get a refund from them anymore , and Stanley doe n't offer refunds if you did n't buy directly from them . My only option is to keep getting new thermoses as often as they fail , but this is getting really tiring . I hope Stanley knows that this item is not high quality and has a high fail rate . At least for me , and it looks like I 'm not the only one .
 We bought this kettle in Jan. 08 and it is now December . We use it to heat water for tea 4-6 times/day . The kettle was great , but seems to have shorted out . It worked sporadically for about 3 days and now no longer works at all .
 I 'm very surprised to see this kettle is still available because when I called Braun to report that mine had broken -LRB- part of the handle broke apart somehow , exposing the switch that turned on the element -- eventually my son ripped that off & lost it and the kettle wo n't work at all -RRB- , they claimed that they were no longer selling it so could n't send me a replacement for the one that had broken and since I did n't have the receipt , they could n't send me a check for the value of the kettle either . The woman that I spoke to -LRB- I 'm pretty sure she was in India -RRB- seemed to be reading from a script and could care less that the kettle was n't working . I was not happy with the non-service that I received from them -LRB- who has the receipt after 6 months ? -- should have ordered it online , cause Amazon keeps them ! -RRB- , but was ok with their not sending me one if it was true that they did n't have any more . But if it 's still available ... . By the way , we purchased it because we thought Braun was a good brand and it was n't made in China . After that experience , my family is going to avoid Braun small appliances .
 I bought this as a replacement for an electric kettle that I had for about 7 years which had one day stopped working.And now after 6 months this one has sprung a leak , do I bother to look for the warranty ? Doubt it.I 'll just go down to my local big box retailer and get a cheap replacement and hope it lasts longer then 6 months .
 7cups is too little ... I do n't realize how many is 7cups but when I got to boil with it the first time ... 7 cups seems so little water you can get for one boil .
 This product broke within about 5 months of the purchase date , after rather light usage . Apparently the problem was with the heating element
 My problem was identical to the other complaint . My kettle 's light would toggle on/off and would not operate after a few months of use . I was told by Braun to send in my defective kettle at my own cost . After 2 MONTHS of calling Braun and listening to their lame excuses , I have not received a replacement . I am simply disgusted by my experience with Braun and want others to know about Braun 's despicable customer service . If anyone else has a similar Braun experience , I urge you to write about it to warn others NOT to buy Braun products .
 I 've had 2 of these kettles in the past year and both have died . We probably use it 10 times a day . I bought it based on the great reviews but it 's not that great when you go through 2 per year.It cost me $ 40 so I 'm surprized that it is so expensive now . This is definitely not worth $ 150
 On switch will not stay down to turn on the machine . Must repeatedly press/hold down to eventually get it to work . Not sure if it is a fluke or systemic problem of this product . Apparently past versions have also had this problem .
 This is the second Braun boiler I am buying in a year . In the first one , the power switch quit much sooner than I expected . This model lasted for 6 months , and started to leak . No more Braun for me .
 Looks like I 'm not the only one reporting on this problem . Must be a small percentage of the product but the trouble is that it seems to happen after the return policy expires , which also makes it hard to know whether your new kettle is good or has this potential issue.Beware . A good kettle otherwise , unless you 're unlucky , like me .
 I have enjoyed using this kettle for a 14 month period.Last week it started leaking water all of a sudden . At first we did not understand what it was happening . It was leaking from bottom of the kettle . I had to discard it otherwise we could have electrocuted .
 We loved our Braun electric kettle and used it several times a day . However it is now leaking water all over the counter . It worked absolutely great for almost one year and we would have highly recommended this product until now .
 The kettle itself is pretty and worked well in the beginning . Unfortunately it started leaking pretty badly after just about five months of use . Could n't determine what the problem was .
 This is probably the best kettle I 've used -LRB- out of maybe four in various countries -RRB- . It heats water quickly , pours extremely well , is ergonomically designed , and is a pleasure to use , honestly . Our kettle , however , developed a leak at the bottom seal , ranging from a slow to fast drip . Braun no longer services these , so we have to send it in for a simple refund -LRB- at our expense -RRB- . I would definitely considering buying another , however .
 Like other reviewers , our kettle started to leak after 8 months . Too bad , as I absolutely loved the kettle . After reading all the negative reviews about the customer service , I guess I will end up trashing it instead of trying to get it replaced . The real shocker is , we paid $ 36 for this kettle on Amazon . It is now selling for $ 130 !!! I ca n't recommend anyone buying this kettle for that amount of money . Especially after knowing it is probably going to only work for less than a year .
 Purchased this kettle three weeks ago and so far it works superbly , boiling water in no time . So much faster than the stovetop ! UPDATE
 Poor quality wood and the stain on handles was cheap . It was not a quality I would expect from Chicago Cutlery .
 Pros
 It says Ivory - but I actually have yellowish not ivory or shade of being an ivory
 I ordered this thermos because I liked the size and the fun , pink color and style . I also thought a specific Thermos company would have thebest quality product . It is a little heavier than most thermos this size , but I thought it would be better.However , when I add my morning coffee to it , the coffee is cold by the time I open the thermos just about 2 hours later.I tried heating the thermos first by adding hot water to warm it beforethe coffee . It will retain heat a little longer , but it quickly cools even when firmly sealed.My last , grocery-store , on-sale thermos was much better -LRB- and less expensive -RRB- and would retain the heat throughout the day , but it 's too big to cart around . What went wrong with this product?A real disappointment !
 With the cost of this toaster I thought it would at least toast evenly and it does not . The 4 slice is apparently a much better overall toaster -LRB- my relative has one -RRB- . The 2 slice does not live up to description .
 I ordered and received this item only to find it dented in multiple locations . The process to return was very efficient , but unfortunately the second item was also damaged . I communicated with Amazon.com and it was apparent that it was a manufacturer packaging or a handling problem . I chose not to reorder but to purchase in store so I can see what I am buying .
 Have had this toaster for about 18 months , so now outside the 1 year warranty . Have experienced the unequal toasting issues mentioned by others , plus the plastic handle broke off , and now the toaster wo n't lock down any longer . So toaster is useless . We do n't overuse this appliance and keep it very clean . There is no reason why we should have these problems so early in the lifecycle . My call to the customer service -LRB- number on the bottom of the toaster -RRB- resulted in offering a 30 % discount on a new toaster -LRB- which is the same sale that Macy 's has down the street except Kaid would add shipping charges ! -RRB- . I saw good ratings on this toaster -LRB- and I enjoyed it while it worked -RRB- , so I wonder if I just got a lemon or the higher ratings I 've seen came from buyers who have n't had it all that long . I expected a Kitchenaid toaster to last longer than 18 montsh . More so , I expected Kitchenaid to stand behind a product better with their name on it . Very disappointed , buyer beware .
 The Kitchen Aid is a piece of junk . It never toasted evenly and now has stopped working completely in less than a year with very minimal use .
 KitchenAid KMTT200OB 2-Slice Metal Toaster , Onyx Black and Stainless SteelExpensive , but only last for a while . The level does not stay down after several months . It is zero star .
 After reading all the reviews I decided to purchase this toaster . The problem I had with it was once I pressed the lever down it would not stay down longer than 37 seconds before it would pop up again . I had to push it down 3 times to get it toasted . Not sure if this toaster was defective but it should not take 3 cycles to get the bread toasted . The heating elements are too far away to toast regular bread ... it looked liked the inside heating element was hotter than the other & therefore the bread on one side was darker than the other . The wide slots are better for toasting bagels than regular bread . I returned it & purchased a cheaper toater but have the same problem with the heating elements & one side being darker than the other . At least with the new one the lever stays down longer . Looks like they 're all made that way to accomodate bagels .
 As the title says , it 's a toaster . Two stars because of the price and also because , as other unsatisfied reviewers describe , quality of the unit varies greatly . If yours does n't toast well , return as soon as possible for refund or replacement . I have had mine for over a year .1 . It looks nice .2 . Easy to remove crumb tray .3 . It has a bagel setting .4 . Easy to cancel toasting .5 . But does it toast ? Yep . It toasts . But so does a $ 20 model.I thought I was purchasing the best toaster in the world - one that would make the best toast ever . However , I should have returned this product after finding that the unit I have does not toast evenly . Viewing through the toast holes one can see that the heating coils inside the unit do not become evenly bright - thus not toasting evenly . I suppose I expected more from the KitchenAid brand . Be skeptical .
 This was a fine toaster while it worked , but IMHO it failed sooner than it should have.We are going with a less expensive toaster this time .
 We 've had this toaster for about a year and a half now . The heating elements are starting to go - it never toasts consistently anymore . What 's annoying is that we rarely even use it , maybe once or twice a week at most , so to have it breaking after so little time is really frustrating . This is the last time I pay extra for a `` pretty '' toaster .
 I like toast -- and I 'm willing to spend money on a good toaster . I spent about a hundred bucks for this toaster -LRB- on sale ! -RRB- two years ago , and it will be the last KitchenAid item I ever buy.First of all , the good
 My husband and I have been looking at this toaster for a while to replace the one we received 8 years ago when we got married and now burns everything -LRB- it was a cheap one , but has done the job until recently -RRB- . I purchased this item yesterday , took it home last night , plugged it in , tried to use it and the handle wo n't stay down . I got it to stay down a few times and we thought it was fixed , but after a few sucesses its back to popping up everytimes it is depressed . After reading other reviews of the same problem this morning , I 'm just going to return it this weekend and look for a different product . I am really dissapointed because all of my other kitchen appliances are Kitchenaid and we love them . Hoping its just this model that is a failure .
 I liked the style of this toaster . There were problems with it toasting unevenly , andit was not hot enough . It frequently took two rounds to toast some breads.Furthermore , it lasted only two years.Advice : Buy another brand
 It makes good toast -LRB- minimum requirement for a toaster -RRB- , but we 've just cracked another of the black plastic levers that you use to operate it . We replaced the first one ; I 've put tape on this one . Seems that if you buy this toaster , you 'd better plan to spend as much money in replacement levers as you do on the toaster itself . We do n't even make that much toast !
 For a toaster this expensive , one might think it would last a few years . NOT ! While it was working , it worked very well . Just after the warranty expired , the lever that you press to make it toast decided it would no longer stay down . The toaster still works , but you have to now stand there and hold it the entire time you are toasting something.I am going back to a less-expensive Black & Decker model . This was not a good experience at all .
 We had the KMTT200 for a little over a year when we fianally gave it up . The lever would not stay down ; ego , no toast . We did not have the sales receipt so the guarantee would not be good even if we had had it less than a year . We paid about $ 70.00 for the toaster . We do not use the toaster a great deal , not even weekly and there are no children using it for PopTarts or whatever.The lever problem had actually existed well before we fianally gave it up , sometimes it worked and sometimes it did not.I called the KitchenAid service center and was told that the high cost of repair parts made repair inpractical and KitchenAidno longeer reparied the KMTT200 . I was told that KitchenAid would give me a new or rebuilt toaster at 30 per cent off.I asked why would I buy a toaster at any discount price that would not last even one year , and said good day . I was thankedfor calling KitchenAid and tolded to have a great day .
 How difficult is it to make a solid toaster without all the bells and whistles ? We selected this toaster for our wedding registry last year . It lasted 16 months . It toasts unevenly . It sucks . Now it does n't work at all . The only positive I have to say is it looks nice and matches our appliances . We 're planning on going with the $ 15 Proctor and Silex . Stay away from this over-priced unevenly toasted garbage !!!
 I purchased this toaster for my wife , primarily because I trusted the KitchenAid name . After about 7 months , this morning the toaster refused to lock down the bread slices and we had to use the oven to get toast . I assumed that it needed to be cleaned , but after thoroughly cleaning it - still would n't work . I removed the cover to see if something was broken and found enough electronics to put my stereo system to shame . Even the release mechanism seemed to be magnetic rather than purely mechanical . There was no way to fix it . It 's now in the garage with the rest of my trash . I do n't get it . My mother 's toaster lasted over 35 years ! It 's no wonder our economy is in the tank .
 This product is incredibly off balance ... right from the start ! It 's tilted , but even that does n't help to keep your computer from tipping over ! I would n't send one of these to my worst enemy , especially for this price range ! I went to a store which sells `` over bed tables '' ... -LRB- check hospital sucpply houses where they sell products for use in bed etc. . . -RRB- , and they had a `` Over bed table '' that made this one look like a toy for a third of the price !
 I purchased this cart to use as a work station over my favorite chair in the sun room . While the design works very well for this purpose , the structure is only minimally acceptable . The metal tubing used is marginally sturdy enough to hold the weight of my laptop and my forearms and the structural joint which connects the two parts of the base has enough flex that it is almost impossible to get the work surface level under the weight of the laptop alone . Fortunately , a little metal fabrication work in the shop should fix this problem but without the modification , I would n't give this item a lifespan of more than a few months of normal daily use . In retrospect , I probably would have gone for a bit more expensive unit in hopes of getting something a little sturdier .
 I got this as a gift , and I was disappointed when I received it . It does n't come in any sort of packaging , and it squeaks loudly when you try to adjust the spoon size . It was also difficult to adjust to any sort of specific size . There were some grey marks on it that were difficult to remove .
 The Carroll file cabinet and desk and the above have no measurements . Ca n't seem to get that information anywhere .
 I used this to mash eggs for my 9-month old son , it is very use-efficiency at beginning , about one month later , the orange paint in the bottom getting off .
 Same problems others have noted , first the most used right side died , now the left . Total working time about 3 years of light home use . Not what you would expect for $ 100 . Called a KitchenAid authorized repair shop but parts are not really available . Will replace with one that does not have a fancy circuit board , just a plain old toaster .
 Buyer beware ! The 1 year warranty is indicative of the expected life of this toaster . I had it for just over a year when the left slot failed mechanically . This is the same issue others have reported where the slider mechanism fails to lock in the down position . It worked on-and-off for a few months and then failed completely - should have called KitchenAid immediately when trouble started as it was still under warranty then . When it stopped working completely we called KitchenAid and requested a repair and were advised that since the Toaster was outside of warranty -LRB- 1 year 4 months -RRB- it could neither be replaced nor repaired . For a + $ 100 toaster this is not acceptable performance . Especially since the slot that failed was the one we used most infrequently . Had 100 toaster cycles on it at most . KitchenAid 's `` For the Way it 's Made '' slogan is just hype . Based on this poor reliability of a simple mechanism and their lack of support I will NEVER buy another KitchenAid appliance .
 Like everyone else who has complained , this toaster died on one side -LRB- lever stopped working -RRB- just a little after one year . Their motto `` Buy it for the way it 's made '' is a joke '' , and when I called to tell them about the problem , they said that there 's nothing they can do b/c it was after the warranty . I spoke to several reps. , even those higher up , but they refused to do anything about it . I even wrote an email , and they basically said , `` Sorry '' . This is unacceptable , and you know that it 's just a faulty little spring mechanism that is cheaply made . For an item this simple , yet pricey , Kitchen Aid is completely unreputable in the way that they handled this problem -LRB- for many , it seems -RRB- . They have permanently lost my business . I 'm sure that they were aware of the problem but just rely on people buying the next model up . In any case , the next time I see a one-year warranty for a pricey item like this one , then I will be warned to stay away , as it is a red flag .
 This toaster worked fine for about a year , and then , like other reviewers have noted , it completely failed . It failed , of course , right after the one-year warranty was up . My husband and I used the toaster a moderate amount , so perhaps if you have a larger family , it would stop working during that first year of the warranty and you could get a new one . First the left side stopped working , and then the right side was not heating evenly . And now the right side has completely given up . We 've had it a little over a year and a half now . My advice is to buy a cheap toaster ; I would not buy a KitchenAid product again . It was a waste of money on something that should have lasted much , much longer . Shame on you , KitchenAid , for such a disappointing product !
 I bought this toaster because with 2 kids , we make alot of toast . I chose it because of the reviews . About 14 months after I bought it one of the sides stopped working . The warranty is 1 year . Now we use it as a 2 slice toaster . Doh ! Pretty cheap for a 99 $ toaster , me thinks.I guess I 'll try another brand . I notice that Cuisinart has a 3 yr . warranty . Maybe their construction is a little higher quality ?
 Come on Kitchen Aid ... really ? Their stand mixers and other items seem durable , so we forked out over $ 100 for this toaster ... which just stopped working on the right side -LRB- the same complaint other reviewers said - it just wo n't go down/work -RRB- ... and yes , it 's been a little over a year , so no warranty . I accidentally pulled out my Cuisinart manual -LRB- for our old 2-slice toaster -RRB- and was reading there was a 3-year warranty and was hopeful ... until I realized I was looking at the wrong toaster information ... and see that Kitchen Aid is ridiculous and only offers one year .
 This seemed to be a good toaster , for a while . At exactly two years old , the left side would not latch down . One thing you do n't have to worry about is KitchenAid support -- there is n't any ! They do n't answer e-mails . Buy at your own risk .
 Takes too long to toast . Everything dries out . Did not toast that evenlyKitchenAid KMTT400OB 4-Slice Metal Toaster , Onyx Black and Stainless Steel
 I purchased this toaster from Amazon back in April 2009 . I spent a lot of time researching toasters because I wanted something that was durable and would last a while . Honestly , this has not had a ton of use . The right side stopped working a couple months ago . The lever would not stay down . Today , I contacted Kitchenaid and they said after a year there is nothing they can do except offer me a discount on a newer model . They said they do not repair their toasters . I think when you pay $ 100 for an item with a good brand name , it should be replaced or at least repaired . This is the last Kitchen Aid appliance I will be purchasing .
 I have the same problem as another reviewer below
 This is a very nice toaster . However , one of the two plastic knobs that are used to lower the toast broke in half . Searching to buy a new knob , the price varies from $ 33.02 ea . plus frt . down to $ 24.70 plus frt . OUCH ... I can buy the new toaster for $ 80 ... Not a good investment . . Not recommended . .
 I got these sheets for $ 35 but was really disappointed anyway . I washed them and placed them on the bed . The sheets are light weight , unlike for example `` The Grand '' sheets that I purchased through amazon , and they are really rough . The bag I receive came with a zipper and indicate that the sheets are made in China , for what its worth .
 I have bought many sets of sateen sheets before - these felt nothing like that . They are decent sheets - hence the no return . But still - it 's not what I thought I was ordering .
 I was very impressed with the finish of the sheets when they first arrived . After washing them and the using them , they started to pill where my skin is rough -LRB- I have eczema -RRB- . No other `` sateen '' sheets I have ever bought have done this , and this is extremely disappointing . I think it 's attributed to the herringbone pattern , nevertheless , very disappointing . I would be wary of the actual quality of these sheets .
 I 've purchased sateen sheets of 400 + thread count before and all were softer than the set I just purchased . These were rougher than even my cheap percale 200 thread count sheets . I purchased them in hopes of providing soft , luxury sheets for house guests and instead , I was embarrassed to use them , opting for my older but softer sheets . The stars are for the dark platinum color and herringbone , which is pretty.But wow , everything from the fitted sheet to the pillow cases is rough like sandpaper .
 Fitted sheet had a 7 in . run in it . To pay postage and package to return is not worth the time . There may be some quality control issues at the factory . Ordered two sets and that was the only defect I noticed .
 The sheets were soft with the higher thread count , but the pattern made the pillow cases scratchy on our faces , even after washing . I would not buy them again .
 Anyone noticed that the thread count that is advertised on the amazon website is not to be seen anywhere on the product ? Or did I just happen to order all the sheets that do not show this number anywhere . I ordered the 440 thread count white herringbone Pinzon King sHEET SET & right now after one wash I am not sure if this is cotton anymore . Anyone feel the same way ? Do you know where I can verify the thread count?Is amazon ripping the customer off ? Bring on all your opinions
 They were beautiful out of the package , and comfortable after the first washing , but by the second , they began to pill . It 's tolerable , but not what I would have expected from the thread count .
 I had success ordering Pinzon sheets from Amazon in the past and was in the market for a new sheet set . I found these sheets and thought , because of the product description , that they would be like the other sheets I previously ordered . I was wrong . These sheets feel like you are sleeping in a burlap bag . They are awful ! Unfortunately with sheets , you really do n't know until they are washed and on your bed , how you will like them . I would advise anyone looking for sheets to stay away from this set unless you want your body exfoliated while you sleep .
 Filter does what it can but they dont seem to last very long and are difficult to clean . Will buy again but not happily
 This product looked like it would be right for my Capresso , but it was too big -LRB- high -RRB- . I had to return it . Product looked like good quality . It 's too bad it would n't fit because I ca n't find one to replace mine . If anyone knows where to get a smaller one , let me know .
 Filter does not have &#34; Capresso &#34; anywhere on product . It is smaller than the basket that holds the filter in my Capresso coffee machine . And after 3 uses , the gold has worn off on one side . I doubt that this is a real Capresso goldtone filter .
 This filter does NOT fit in the Zojirushi EC-BD15 Fresh Brew Thermal Carafe Coffee Maker .
 I ordered an extra GoldTone Filter for convenience . We bought a new coffeepot that recommended the gold filters . After making a few pots , I discerned that a pool of muddy coffee remained in the bottom of every cup and also in the carafe . The coffee itself was okay , but not great . I tried a paper filter , and the coffee was wonderfu , l and there was no muddy residue left in the cups and carafe . I 'm for paper filters!The gold filter was well made and etc. , but I think paper filters work better .
 The dish has n't arrived yet , but I know I will always remember how much the company Original Good took advantage of me.Some shipping charges are steep , but Original Goods charges are egregious . Original Good has a shipping charge 3 times the cost of the product!The only reason I had to purchase this product is for a friend who is sick in the hospital . She loves frogs.c
 These plates are nice but they are NOT the same as my other plates in this pattern . The salad plate is about an inch smaller and the red is a lighter red not a burgundy like the original . The flower is smaller and the plate is not as thick as the original . I 'm keeping them but they are not really a match .
 I searched for the filters for my coffee maker by looking for the coffee maker and seeing what Amazon ` suggested ' people buy with it ... big mistake . The filters are the wrong size . There 's probably nothing wrong with the filters , but since SIZE MATTERS , I ca n't tell you for sure . Happy searching !
 Since it pops up on amazon.com with the Brewstation , you might believe these filters fit the coffeemaker . They do n't , so do n't bother to buy them . Why they get associated on the website is a mystery .
 It was stated that customers buy the filters for coffee maker . I did just that . My only complaint is that the coffee maker I purchased does n't use filters .
 These filters were suppose to fit my coffee maker according to the description , and they were way too big !! Very disappointed .
 Mine showed up with a broken mechanical piece that probably holds the whole spring system together . I wrote to them but expect it is more expesive then the unit is worth to ship it back for repair or replacement . It looks ok if it would work , but is completely useless to me . They have written me with instructions to repair it myself and I will try and let you know if it works when I have the time .
 I purchased this in a moment of hopefulness -- it seemed ideal . The design looked unobtrusive -LRB- glass -RRB- and a little interesting . The reality is , it is 5-10 pounds off , hard to read , easy to step on and bump into -LRB- glass -RRB- , and is now taking up space in the closet and should be in the garbage !
 For a 75th anniversary production piece , Toastmaster ought to find another line of work than producing toasters . Have n't thought much of this company for a number of years , but fell for the retro look , thinking it might also mean retro quality . Nice exterior . Too bad nice styling was married to lousy performance . Never tasted doughy toast before this experience -- essentially browned on the outside and raw on the inside . Too , today , it 's an easy matter for all toasters to include a `` lift '' feature that raises toast an extra fraction of an inch for those smaller than normal slices that do n't extend beyond the top of the toaster when done . There 's no reason to have to dig into the toaster to bring up the slices . Most toasters today do n't hold a candle to their forerunners of the the pre-cheesy eras of the 50s and before . This model from Toastmaster looks beautiful , but if you 're interested in more than decoration , buy another product .
 I bought this scale to weigh food , with the added benefit that I could use it to weigh mail . unfortunately , I currently am not using it for either due to the fact that it emits an ear-percingly loud , high-pitched tone for several seconds after it is turned on . I think the tone is to tell you not to place anything on the scale while it calibrates , but what it actually does is prevent me from wanting to use the darned thing . I can find no reference to the tone in the very small instruction sheet and the only way I 've been able to figure out to avoid the sound is to not use the scale .
 The features and price are all good as a home-use postage scale.Unfortunately , the manufacturer appears out of business and I can not get a new rate chart chip for the 2006 postage rate change . The manual update method described in the user 's manual does not work for me .
 I ordered this for a friend for Christmas , because she wanted a digital kitchen scale . I was VERY disappointed to get it and find it clearly labeled as a postage scale . It is not designed for easy use in the kitchen , but rather for , you guessed it , postage .
 I used my new waffle iron for the first time today . The light does n't work so you have to guess when it is warm enough and when the waffles are done .
 ... Now , I do n't know , maybe it was just the particular one that I bought but the waffles were coming out perfect on the bottom but on the top , it was as if the iron was n't even on . When I went to return it at the store , I saw another 3 people in line to do the same thing , so I 'm thinking someone forgot to plug something into the right spot on this waffle maker while it was going through the assembly line.Hope you all have better luck than me with this !
 I was looking for a light duty food -LRB- i.e. meat/cheese -RRB- slicer , and decided to give this `` inexpensive '' product a try . The `` inexpensive '' turned out to be plain ol' -LSB- not good -RSB- . Motor is very weak , and tends to shuts off after few minutes of regular use -LRB- when I got it , the motor housing seemed so small that I had my doubts -RRB- . Another major problem is the thickness adjuster . It does not matter what setting you choose , it does not hold it . It just moves with applied pressure . A third problem is the safety button , I found out that it really needs two hands to press and hold down the two buttons -LRB- the On and the safety buttons -RRB- . Simply , after the first use , I decided to no longer own this product . I will to continue to search for a better one , and I expect to pay more for a real solid light duty slicer .
 Toastmaster slicer worked beautifully until the plastic adjustment knob broke . No replacement part was available from the manufacturer . This makes the product useless
 This is the most annoying company I have ever dealt with . The only reason the manager contacted me was because I wrote a negative review on Amazon . He promised to resolve the problem and begged me to remove my review but once I did , it was a pain getting any further responses from them . Not smart of him not to realize I could write a second , even more negative review!I have cold induced asthma and have to wear a mask 24/7 when the weather is cold . I had ordered two of the Qmask Pro Washable Face Masks ; when they arrived they were both size Small - so ridiculously tiny they fit the face of a five year old child . As I am an adult , the masks barely covered the lower half of my nose to just below the lip , and were so tight they cut my ears . I exchanged several emails with customer service trying to get a larger size . When I got no satisfaction , I wrote a negative review on Amazon . A few days later the manager contacted me and offered me two replacement masks in the Large size and begged me to remove the review . I said I would do so only after I got the replacement masks but he was insistent , so in good faith , I removed my review , after which he stopped responding and I was again trading emails with somebody in customer service who turned out to be the manager , just not using his real name . So as customer service he would give me one response , as the manager another ; as customer service he wrote twice saying he called and left messages , then as the manager he said he never called . Last interaction the `` manager '' promised to send out the replacement masks via 2 day mail . It 's 3 days and I have n't received them . At this point I do not believe I will ever get my replacement masks , but I DO know I will never do business with this seller again .
 I own this collection for almost a year now . Let me start by saying this is SUCH a BEAUTIFUL set of dishes . My husband and I had looked for over a year to replace the Fiestaware we had . As soon as we walked into the Royal Doulton store and saw this we knew we had to have this set . However ... . it only took a couple of months and we had to return to the store with our concerns . Although the cups & dishes say dishwasher and microwave safe , when you microwave a cup of coffee , the cup is so hot you need a pot holder to take it out and you will burn your lips if you try to drink from it . Even then , the coffee inside the cup is still cold . Our dishes are embarrassingly chipped as are the cups . When I asked at the Royal Doulton store the man said that these are fine china and need to be hand washed . I was so saddened so I wrote to Royal Doulton directly . Shockingly I never received a reply . So not only were we disappointed in the Chanticlair dishware , but Royal Doulton customer service needs to improve as well . As beautiful as this pattern is , I would strongly recommend customers to find a different set to purchase -LRB- and I advise a different company as well -RRB- .
 We 've had this set for almost 4 years now but it has not been a pleasant 4 years . We loved the pattern right away and the colors matched out kitchen so well but though they say ` microwave safe ' they most certainly are not . The dish or mug gets dangerously hot but the food or drink does not . They say ` dishwasher safe ' but the dishes chip and crack very easily and have some odd lines running through them . we 're looking to replace them and I am sorry about that as I had also invested in some of the serving pieces as well . An expensive lesson .
 The package arrived at my home in a banged up box that was already open . It was taped shut very poorly and aparently opened during shipping . The product was not damaged , but I was disappointed by the condition it arrived in .
 I bought this scale and had it for about a week . I found that it gave me very different readings , one right after the other , by as much as 2-3 pounds . This was disappointing , and I have returned it . Perhaps it was just this unit , though I am hesitant to try it again . However , I did like the function of showing the last reading , and my children each had their own button .
 oven does not maintain temperature . Tried to cook biscuits in it and they came out flat . Also the broiler burner comes on at high heat and burns the top before the inside is done .
 I bought this oven and yeah it looks great . I have went through approximately 4 of these units and each one there was a problem . The company sends a new one and it works a few months and then the blower stops working . They would not give me a refund only will replace the unit until the 1 year warranty expires then I 'm stuck with a unit that does not work . I purchased it at a department store and the unit was taken out . I had to deal with the company direct and had a lot of problems . Would not recomment this unit to anyone .
 The only thing this stove has going for it is its looks . When it starts to heat up it begins to make noise and vibrates . The noise is so loud that if someone is whispering next to you , you might barely hear them . The noise and vibration , I assume , is coming from the stamped fan . In fact , it vibrated so much the inside pan scraped away clean the teflon coating where it slides in and out of the oven after only a couple of hours use!I talked to customer support at Salton and they told me its suppose to make noise to show you it 's working . Of course , I did n't buy that!The timer was off by 5 minutes . I do n't know if this was done intentionally or not to allow for warm up . -LRB- It needs 10 minutes -RRB- , thus the 5 minute would be the `` sweet '' spot . None of this is mentioned in the manual , of course . So , it could just be a lousy timer.The construction of the stove was put together well , but its cookie-cutter stamped construction was obvious all over ! In fact , it arrived with the oven door mounted crooked . I simply lifted up the door and with a little twist-up realigned it by `` eyeing '' it up , and amazingly it stayed aligned after that ! But I was very careful of opening and closing the door after that for fear it might somehow `` unalign '' again.Cooking
 I purchased this toastmaster # 7093S in March . The oven is dangerous . today 4/10/03 I had a round flat bread in the oven . After about 2 minits the glass door on the front exploaded and sent shattered glass up to 12 Ft. away . The oven is built a little shoddy and slow to do the cooking it should do . I would not recomend this item . Now i have to go thru the hastle of warranty and replacement . I certinly do n't want another one of theese . I do n't want my family or pets injured .
 bought new , right before the waranty was up about 11 months the fan blew.sent it in they gave me a different one but it was refurbished with the door missaligned and the chrome coming off.sent it back got another with the front panel corner bent but i kept it . now 8 months later the fan blew on this one too.have to send this one back also . so it is 2 ovens in two years.it did cook well though
 Very loud . Jams easily . Vibrates right off the counter . Fortunately , it broke within the year so I can buy a different blender .
 I wanted to love these and I did at first , but , sadly they started rusting badly soon after we got them .
 We bought several sets of this flatware in different colors to mix and match with our vintage and modern Fiestaware dishes . The table settings are fun and colorful , but the quality of this China-made flatware is very poor . Our sets are about one year old , used several times a week . Many spoons have bent and several spoons and forks have broken apart . I notice in other reviews that there is a guarantee , which I did n't realize when I tossed our broken pieces in the trash . If you buy this flatware for the fun of it , keep your receipt and be prepared to make a claim on the guarantee .
 You have to get on your knees and enter in a plethora of information every time you want to check your body fat -- it is incapable of storing even 1k worth of data .
 I got this scale because I read that it would store previous measurements to track your weight history . After reading the manual , it apparently does not do that.Additionally , according to the manual the scale 's body fat measurement does not work properly if you are considered `` athletic '' or `` fit '' , which makes that feature useless for me .
 Bought this toaster less than a year ago , and although the experience has been pretty good , it was n't long before the rotary dial knob -LRB- controls light to dark -RRB- cracked on the inner sleeve that fits onto the male part of the toaster . This rendered the two slots on that side useless . Just today , the second knob for the other two sides cracked in the same place , and on the outside -LRB- flange face -RRB- which also rendered this useless as well . Have contacted Toastmaster for replace knobs to be sent , and I doubt they will send them to me to install ...
 I bought this toaster about five months ago . Within one week after I bought it the black knob broke off , as the plastic is apparently of poor quality and the design inadequate . I am not surprised to have discovered here that many others also have had this problem . This is something that should not happen . I paid $ 45 . oo plus tax for the item . I use it properly and the knobs break off ! And within one week ? Nonsense . It also takes a long time for the toast to darken . I believe this is due to the low wattage . I called eSalton today to complain as I did with Target . Got nowhere . Promised that some knobs would be shipped . Sure !
 Broke after 1 year -- now only works on one side .
 We just purchased this toaster yesterday from Target . We were at first skeptical if we should purchase because the display model had a missing knob and the one side was broken . The slats that cover pastry did not retract . Well , we went ahead and purchased it . We got it home , took it out of the box and one of the knobs was already broken and the other knob broke in our hands as we were trying to adjust the lightness and darkness . Needless to say , I am returning the toaster this morning and AM NOT going to exchange it . I want my money back
 I would have given this toaster zero stars but you can not leave a review without leaving at least one star . I purchased this toaster from Amazon and have had it for just over six months . We use this toaster 2 or 3 times a week for regular toast but apparently that 's too much for it . After just 6 months it appears to be exhibiting dangerous qualities . Once you insert the toast and press down the lever it just cooks and cooks and cooks ... . I fear that this toaster has become a fire hazard . Fortunately , we found the problem before we counted on it to pop the toast . It is quite scary though since one of the kids may drop toast in and wander off as kids have a tendency to do and the toaster will continue to heat indefinitely . I suspect it would continue until it was completely fried . Unfortunately , by that time my kitchen may be engulfed in flames . Thus , out it goes . I 'd send it back but the cost is excessive plus they 'd only send it back to me and I can probably anticipate all the problems everyone else seems to be having . Basically , at 24 weeks x 2 slices of toast per week , this toaster has cost about $ 1 per slice of toast . ... I can rememeber growing up and my parents having the same toaster for 10 years . Why does n't anyone seem to make a decent toaster anymore ?
 I bought this toaster from a target store in NJ 3 months agoi like to have toast almost every morning . the toaster wore out meaning i 'm anable to push down the lever on both sides to turn it on anymore it instantly pops back up , i called tech supprt toastmaster.com . . they were not any more help than to tell me basicaly to buy another toaster . so i 'm switching back to my good old black and decker I might have a rare toaster problem but after finding out from other people some parts are only plastic ! . . good luck
 Ironically , I read a previous review -LRB- Reviewer
 I like the toaster but within a few weeks both of the knobs broke off .
 This was a darn cute toaster and we were very pleased with how it toasted . One side of the toaster quite working after a year and a half though . This is annoying to have basically a 2 slice toaster -LRB- after one side broke -RRB- that takes up half my counter space ! Do n't bother buying this one .
 Do not buy this toaster ! Toastmaster makes a very poor quality toaster . They claim to have a one year warranty , but after the cost of shipping it back to their service center , postage pre-paid , I might add , it 's not worth it - you might as well buy a different toaster . I bought the Toastmaster only a few months ago and have had trouble with being able to keep the bread in the down position , which is the cooking position . The controls are very hard to work , and have trouble engaging in the down position . My mother , unfortunately , has the same problem with her Toastmaster . I called the company and the service person could not acknowledge whether this is a widespread problem or not . I imagine it is , since 2 out of 2 toasters I 'm aware of have this problem . But the company has issued no recall and will not help me unless I mail it back to them .
 Although it has four slots , only two work . The handle does not stay down on the other two slots and the side that does work , the handle does not engage in its locked position very well . I suspect that this may be the fatal flaw in this toaster , as it had been mentioned by another user . As this was a Christmas gift , I do n't know if it will be honoured for return & replacement , as I am not in posession of the receipt.In short , this is a piece of garbage , brand new but does n't work . We have recently retired a -LRB- two-slice -RRB- Toastmaster patented in 1953 , which functioned very well for some 50 years , until one of the elements quit functioning . I guess the name Toastmaster does not appear to stand for quality any longer , as it had in past decades . That 's too bad .
 These filters are good they are just getting harder and harder to find and the price on them is much too high . They have become so difficult to find and so pricy I have quit using this water pitcher .
 I ordered the Toastmast griddle and was sent a different Farberware griddle - be very careful about a switch in products!Toastmaster TG21W 21-Inch Griddle
 I ordered this griddle through Amazon -LRB- Acehardware Outlet -RRB- and was sent something completely different . I have had a misserable time trying to return the inferior product to Acehardware Outlet . I am still trying to purchase a real Toastmaster 21 '' griddle .
 A different griddle than ordered was susbstiiuted without checking.I had a special reason for odering the Toastmaster ' 21 ' . A Farberware griddle of smaller surface was sent under the guise of a Toastmster.Not good business !!!! JF.Metzger
 Different paperweight , same seller
 Burns the back edges of whatever is placed into it -LRB- no matter what the height of the rack -RRB- and leaves the front edges cold . What else do I need to say ? It is over priced , does not work properly and is absolutely the worst toaster oven either my wife or I have ever even heard of let alone owned !
 This is without a doubt the worst appliance I have ever owned . It takes 10 minutes to heat up and on the lowest setting , burns bread .
 SHOULD HAVE FOLLOWED MY INSTINCTS WITH THE OTHER REVIEWS . HOW ON EARTH COULD TOASTMASTER COME OUT WITH SUCH A HORRIBLE PRODUCT ? AFTER GOING THROUGH A HALF A LOAF OF BREAD , I GIVE UP !!!!!!!!!!!! TAKES FOREVER FOR THIS OVEN TO HEAT UP & BURNS YOUR TOAST BEYOND RECOGNITION ... . THOUGHT ABOUT DONATING IT TO SALVATION ARMY , BUT IT 'S NOT EVEN WORTH THAT . WHAT A WASTE OF MY MONEY ... . HOW SAD THAT ANYONE IS ABLE TO SELL THIS PRODUCT . MAKE SURE YOU TAKE YOUR BATTERIES OUT OF YOUR SMOKE ALARM . I DID GIVE THIS PRODUCT ONE STAR , BUT IF THERE WAS A ZERO THAT 'S EXACTLY HOW I WOULD RATE IT ... . A BIG FAT ZERO
 It is rare that I beleive every review on Amazon because sometimes ... people do get different results from thier purchases . However ... it appears everyone including me who bought this POS is sitting down to a breakfast of burnt toast and unevenly cooked bagles.Please buy anything else except this product .
 Is there anything more annoying than a toaster or toaster oven than can not toast a piece of bread the same way twice ? Leave the controls alone and watch , they 'll all come out different . Which means this device is nothing more than an enormous pile of ... well , an enormous paperweight . Stay clear .
 This toaster oven burns everything . If you make toast on the lightest setting , it will be black well before the timer goes off . I 've burned things on the lowest temperature setting as well.I know that it is a flaw with the design , because I returned the first oven thinking it was defective . But no , the second oven burned just as well as the first!My advice
 DO N'T BUY THIS TOASTER-OVEN ! I bought the oven 6 months ago because of it 's easy-clean feature but the oven is a piece of junk . It burns just about everything.Toast is either burned or not toasted . Any 2nd toast will always be burned . Do n't try to even warm pizza - it burns.Inner liner was poorly mfr and the rack sits crooked . Handle keeps coming off of the door.This thing is going in the trash - I would n't even think of giving it away .
 We received this toaster oven as a wedding gift . We were immediately suspicious of the product . The manufacturer claims it can hold a 5-pound chicken . There is just no way that 's possible.Soon after , we discovered what other reviewers have noted
 I bought this oven because I liked the style and size . However , when it comes down to function , this oven is horrible ! It heats inconsistently , and toasts unevenly . It burned toast when set on the lowest setting . I really like the removable liner , but the adjustable baking racks are very difficult to move from one position to another .
 I purchased this toaster oven for two main reasons
 I owned this toaster oven for 6 months . Today the glass door shattered in a loud explosion while toasting a bagel on the lowest setting . The oven was inconsistent and often smoked on the lowest setting . The timers lowest setting is 10 minutes - way too long .
 I bought this because I have a great older cheapy Toastmaster toaster that does a great job -- on old style , standard size bread . But it 's not large enough to handle the new larger sizes common today , and I figured I 'd get a 4-toaster while I was at it.I do n't know what happened to Toastmaster , or if the other brands are any better , but this one suffers from the fatal flaw of not toasting the slices consistently . Depending on 2 or 4 slices , and it seems sometimes what size the slices -LRB- i.e. the smaller endpiece or a thicker middle slice -RRB- , I get different degrees of browning.Also , you have to turn the thing almost all the way up to get any browning , and then there 's a small window between `` brown '' and `` black '' . Further , though it 's got wide slots -LRB- for bagels I guess -RRB- , and it has wire thingy 's to squeeze together for regular bread , they still do n't really do the job for standard bread slices , so it never comes out straight.And finally , the latching mechanism requires firmness to get it to stick . You ca n't just toss in a couple slices , bat the handle down and go on to something else -- you 've got to stop and deliberately press and hold then double check to be sure it 's latched.This was the only toaster I found that had slots big enough for today 's 6 '' slices , but I 'll keep looking .
 Does n't toast anything evenly . Small things get stuck in it . Lever never pops items all the way up . Terrible bagel toaster , sometimes have to toast bagels 3 times to get them toasted . Sorry I bought it .
 I am looking for a new toaster and would not buy this simply because of the word `` POP TARTS '' on it ! Appliances with ads now ? Give me a break ! What 's next ? I saw one in the department store and people had attempted to scratch it off . I say just do n't buy it and send the message to the ad execs .
 HOW DO YOU LIKE SLEEPING ON A PLASTIC SHHET ?????? I DO NOT ! SAVE YOUR MONEY .
 Every time I used this grill I want to throw it out the window . It grills fine but cleaning it can drive someone insane -LRB- and I 'm not a neat freak -RRB- . It does not clean with the wipe of a damp cloth ; you really have use a sponge with soap . Little bits of food gets wedged between the bottom grill plate and its housing . The model w/the removable grill may be an enhancement . The only reason I have n't thrown it out is b/c is does grill rather well -LRB- and fast -RRB- and I 've been able to clean well enough . But the crud builds with each use and it 's just a matter of time before I have to unfortunately add it to a landfill somewhere .
 Tried to use this to weight light envelop under 5 oz , it tells you 0 oz . Then I went to postal office and was told it was 5oz . No AC adapter . I 'm going to buy a much better one at a cheaper price on ebay .
 fter much effort , I have been able to manipulate the battery contacts enough for this thing to work at times , but I will likely have to return it . When it does work , it works great !
 We have had this toaster for some time . Wide slots for bagels nice but design allows toast , muffins and bagels to either get stuck or drop below requiring quite some time and patience to remove . Crumb tray is designed to only allow removal of small specks . Small opening for tray pushes off larger crumbs so only way to remove them is to turn toaster upside down . I agree with previous comment that you have to make sure that you need to make sure indicator light is on . I would not recommend this product .
 I purchased this oven 4 months ago and have regetted it almost daily . After burning everything the first month , I thought I could adjust the temp to cook items more evenly . No luck ! Because you have to add cooking time to offset for the lower temps , all the food burned anyway . The only thing that I found worked well during my time owning this was the exhaust fan in my kitchen that got a workout EVERY time I cooked ... from heating up leftovers to making toast .
 This ovens burns everything ! The wire racks are very close to the heating element and chars what ever you put in there . So unless you like your food burnt to a crisp do not buy this item .
 I have returned two of these toasters . I thought the first one was just defective when it burned everything unless I stood watch over it . Then the setting dial came apart . The second one was just as bad . Even set on the lightest setting it burned everything . Keep going when you spot this one .
 This item was purchased about 1 year ago . Have n't liked it since I bought it . It either burns everything or takes up to 8 minutes to toast bread . A week ago , it just quit working . As with other reviewer 's comments , I have too noticed a condensation on the glass when it heats up . Would not purchase another item such as this one .
 I ca n't believe that a company would embarrass itself by selling a product like this . My wife bought it because the inside comes out for easy cleaning . That is it 's only redeeming quality . I consistently burns toast , overheats , under heats and the shelves are almost un-adjustable . It 's the worst toaster oven I 've ever seen .
 I wanted a better toaster over , but this did n't even come close . It burns everything , the insides come out instead of the rack , and it takes forever to toast anything . I think any toaster over would be better than this one .
 I bought this oven thinking I was upgrading ... I liked the fact that the inside could pull out for cleaning -LRB- or at least I thought I would -RRB- . Boy , was I ever disappointed !!!! Unfortunately even that aspect does not work very well , and considering how poorly it works over all it is not a surprise ! It is a miserable thing to use - it always burns what you are toasting -LRB- or it wo n't toast it at all -RRB- , the shelf is nearly impossible to get out , the handle keeps coming off , and pulling the inside out takes an act of God!I wish I had back my cheapy $ 20 toaster oven instead of this one I bought for $ 50 !!!
 Bar none , this is the worst toaster ever built and I have no idea how it ever made it out of the test kitchen . Ignore the variable toast control because there are really only two settings
 Because we wanted a 4 slice toaster oven instead of our 2 slice Toastmaster we bought this model thinking it would be the same good quality as the 2 slice Toastmaster we 've owned for years.But , the day we plugged it in until we tossed it in the garbagethree weeks later it would not toast . One of the control knobs broke and Toastmaster could not be reached for a replacement.We went back to the two slice Toastmaster from Amazon and again we have good toast !
 Had to have my son , Guido , mount the door handle twice since I have had it -LRB- 2 years -RRB- . Yesterday , I put a small sweet potato in the oven and started it . After about 3-4 minutes , I heard a `` bang '' in the kitchen . Went to find that the glass door had shattered to a million pieces . No smoke , no fire , no damage to the counter top and the potato was barely warm .
 I did n't have problems with only one side at a time working on mine , but I have n't been entirely happy with it . My husband picked this out for the PoP Tart feature , and that is the worst part of the machine . He is a PoP Tart fanatic and this machine is very poorly designed for them . They slide down beside the toast holder things and you ca n't get them out . Also , if you have the temp . adjuster thing on the Pop Tart setting , they are still cold . Works fine for toast and bagels .
 I purchased this toaster a few days ago . Only the right side of the toaster worked and the left side did n't work because the white knob did n't stay down . As a result the left side would n't turn on . On the right side , it usually took several attempts to make the knob stay down . After being frustrated we exchanged this product with another one . The second one also had the same problem but this time the left side worked but the right side did n't work .
 Nordic Ware 9-in . Bacon Tray had to be returned as it was broken on one edge . End of story .
 As in the rating for the Deni sealer that I bought , these bags are way too thin to be of any use in a sealer/vacuum .
 Do not buy this product . You might as well buy a roll of saran wrap . Your sealer will not work . Buy a heavier grade roll or bag and the sealer will work like a charm .
 Boy was I delighted for a couple of months with this waffle iron . But as time passed , the temperature knob fell off . I was able to push it back in place and it worked for a while , but then the indicator light no longer worked and now I ca n't even get the iron to heat up . What a really big disappointment and it sure ai n't inexpensive . I am about to buy a new iron for 19.99 . This is what I should have done in the first place .
 I ordered this product last May 6 with prime membership , hoping to get it for mother 's day , May 8 . Arrived 5 days later , broken to pieces . Ordered a replacement and it arrived the next day . Very happy for a quick replacement till I pick up the box -- once again , I can already hear the broken pieces rattling inside . I would have loved the product , love the color , but it seems that we are not meant for each other . I succumbed to the cue , I just cancelled the order . How am I gon na trust it to not be broken after few more handling by me when it was already beaten up in the mail ? I blame the packaging . The box that first arrived I noticed they just fill it up with crumpled paper , no bubble wrap at all . Probably the same on the second one since they shared the same fate -LRB- I refused to open it , what 's the use ? -RRB- . Funny though because I ordered a kiwi colored pasta fork and it arrived well packed , even with bubble wrap , even if it is made of wood and silicone . Oh , what am I gon na do with it now that I do n't have the matching dish ? Probably will return too . : -LRB-
 The manufacturer says you can use this `` baking dish '' up to 500 degrees . Well , it broke in half at only 400 degrees after just a few uses . The warranty is not very good , because you have to ship it back to them so they can `` inspect '' the damage -LRB- to make sure you did n't drop it -RRB- and by then you are out almost half the cost of the thing brand new!Plus , the few times we did use it we found it hard to clean - food stuck to it with a ferocity!Maybe we got a bum unit , but I was NOT impressed with the quality .
 This product might be very good ... but I would not buy it from Amazon . Before I opened the package I could hear ceramic pieces rattling.The box had clearly taken a beating . No sticker/stamp saying `` FRAGILE '' anywhere on the box . So disappointing!I returned it and will try to buy it in a store.I also got a corningware in the shipment . It was not broken , but now I feel a little paranoid that it might crack when I cook in it , due to the stress during shipping . This is a head ache . I think I learnt my lesson . Buy fragile stuff in a real store where hopefully it has n't been beaten up .
 I bought this 3 months ago and have liked it a lot . But the instruction book says that all parts are dishwasher safe , which is not true . Although I only put the parts in the top rack of the dishwasher , the top of the food processor bent slightly and now it does not engage with the processor stand . In other words , it is totally useless . I wrote to the company via Amazon but received no answer . I 'm out $ 158.94 . I ca n't find any information on buying a replacement part . Braun has only two service centers in the US . I would not buy Braun again and not buy from Focus Electronics again .
 I was expecting a better machine from Braun . I 've owned the Braun Multiquick K650 for half a year . Yesterday I tried to puree a large cooked pumpkin and only the bottom of the bowl pureed even though I stopped and stirred the pumpkin around a couple times . -LRB- I transferred to my blender & was done in 20 sec . -RRB- The main blade does not circulate food well . The variable speeds do n't work right at lower speeds.A coarse slicer should have been included as the thin one it comes with will not slice cucumbers or carrots for salad . Maybe it makes potato chips ? Do n't need those . You will definitely want the coarse slicer . All the blade inserts trap huge globs of veggies that accumulate underneath in the hook of the metal that clips into the carrier disc . When I use it to make coleslaw -LRB- using the separately purchased coarse slicer for the cabbage -RRB- , the plastic blade carrier stains easily with veggies , especially carrots . It 's a pain to clean , though it does clean nicely if you rub a little salad oil on it.My large processing blade rusted the first time in the dishwasher . Same problem when I hand washed and left it in the dish rack to dry , and I live in a very dry climate . I was able to buff it off but am not thrilled about needing to hand wash and dry a sharp blade.Design wise , the handle sticks out sideways quite a bit and of course needs extra clearance for your hand , so this takes up a lot of storage space . The handle should have been designed to angle toward the front corner . Also you have to twist it to the back corner to remove the bowl from the base so it 's a little awkward.The one thing I 've had no trouble with is making cornbread or pancake batter or similar.Note that the product description says it comes with a coarse grater . I ordered a coarse shredder separately , only to discover that the machine actually comes with a coarse shredder and NOT a coarse grater . You get the parts in the photo , not the description ; I should have looked carefully . Anyway Amazon easily returned the duplicate blade.Not recommended .
 Below is my old review . Here 's what I 've just learned : Braun is no longer making food processors for the US market . They are no longer shipping replacement parts to their US service and repair centers . Even their 800 number told me that the service and repair centers can not repair my K650 . -LRB- My lid is stuck with the tab in the locking slot -RRB- . Two of my local service centers told me that Braun is n't even offering a warranty on US-sold food processors . This item is as good as `` Grey market '' . Do not buy this . It is n't worth the frustration . ___________________ I purchased the Multiquick 3 K650 based on the recommendation of another Amazon customer , contained within in a negative review on a Cuisinart model . I really want to love this machine completely , but I have a few disappointments.The `` kneading hook '' will never be as good as a Kitchen Aid stand mixer dough hook . It does n't come close.The main blade has short reach that leaves some ingredients along the edge edge of the bowl wall untouched . I realize the blade can not touch the wall , but the margin could have been narrower . It also does n't seem to pull down ingredients from the top with the efficiency or speed that I 'd like . -LRB- Perhaps I expect too much ? -RRB- Often I find that wet ingredients , like egg whites , are not fully blended in but collect around the base of the center post . So far this has not prevented my cooking endeavors from turning out okay . I just take the lid off and stir it with a rubber scraper and then blend again.The slicing blade makes very thin , beautiful slices . I intend to order the course slicing insert.I dropped the bowl and it cracked half way down the bowl , under the handle - on my second use of the Multiquick - so I have to order a replacement bowl already . I 'm not thrilled about the lack of bowl durability , but all the other parts seem durable -LRB- except for maybe the kneading hook -RRB- . And as another reviewer noted , it does seem to shake/vibrate quite a bit at higher speeds . I think this is more an indicator of the unit 's power than anything else . The unit 's feet stay firmly stationary on the counter while the unit vibrates . It appears to work like your car 's struts . This characteristic does n't trouble me.Overall , I like it . It is a huge improvement over my 10 year old Hamilton Beach that I bought for forty bucks . I do n't think I would be happier with a similarly priced Kitchen Aid or Cuisinart .
 This is cheaply made and the knob came off . I 've been happy with other Braun products in the past but this is flimsy . Keep looking .
 I bought this to replace a cuisinart that died after ten years of solid use , and I have to say I regret switching brands . I got this processor 5 months ago and generally find it too annoying to use for most recipes . It seems silly to say , but it has too many attachments . If I want to make a mayonnaise or some other emulsified sauce or dressing , this is really impractical . I have to first use the chopping blade to process the herbs , then switch to a whipping attachment to actually blend in the oil . In my old cuisinart I could do the whole job with one blade . I do n't even using the grating plates because they somehow mash rather than grate cheese -LRB- this is even when I put the cheese in the freezer for a bit first -RRB- . This processor also has a huge footprint . Though it is lightweight , it takes up so much counterspace in my tiny kitchen . Also , there 's no hole in the food pusher for drizzling oil , which means that I ca n't just pour all my measured oil into the food pusher and tend to some other food . Also , the dough hook and whipping attachment are plastic and easily scratched & bent out of shape . I prefer metal parts in my food processor . The dough hook was only good for a few uses before the ends of it got scratched up and I could n't thoroughly clean the dough off . It seemed to me like an unreasonable amount of wear for regular use . In general , this processor has way too many nooks and crannies that make thorough cleaning really nearly impossible.I do enjoy using the juicing attachment , but it hardly seems worth it when it does n't do anything else well .
 I was excited when I first received my Braun processor . After washing all the parts by hand and reassembling , I was anxious to use my new machine . The first thing I did was juice some fresh oranges , there was about a dozen . Half way through juicing I noticed some metal shavings in the juice . After taking it apart , I found the shaft was melting away and exposing some type of wire that was causing the shavings . Needless to say I was upset . Today I just shipped it back to Braun for a refund . I think a Kitchen aid is in my future.Just a P.S I was told that the company has stopped making processors .
 After using the thing for a month , the bowl cracked at the bottom and after a few more months of sparing use the blade is bent which causes amazing effects now when I puree something . I miss the Cuisinart we have at Mansion East .
 What a waste of time money and effort ! NOT recommended in any way . It would not even shred cheese no power what so ever . I tossed it in the garbage where it belongs . It does not even deserve the one star .
 I feel kind of foolish writing this , seeing as how there are all these glowing reviews at the time of my writing . But the truth 's got to come out . I bought this because my ancient -LRB- I mean , REALLY ancient -RRB- , primitive but unbelievably efficient Robocoupe finally broke in a way that I could not repair . I loved the way the CombiMax looked , I usually find Braun 's appliances adequate , the price was great , and the attachment selection is really nice . So I ordered it.I wish , I wish , I so fervently wish , that it worked . But it does n't . The worst flaw is that the blade is improperly designed and does not move the food around the bowl acceptably . I 'm not talking a minor issue here . It does n't work . You have to stop and manually rotate the food constantly to get it processed evenly . Inevitably , there is a large unmixed portion on the bottom of the bowl where the blades fail to reach . I do n't mean a trace
 I bought this in May 2010 , have used it gently about once a month . thanksgiving 2011 was the first time I tried to grate cheese -LRB- medium cheddar -RRB- and it stripped . Now it is useless and nothing can be done about it . No parts , no service . Braun has stopped making food processors . Pretty disappointing for a company that I had previously held in high regard due to other Braun small appliances I own that have been very sturdy .
 The frother is great ! Easy to use etc. . The espresso temperature is 140 degrees F when measuring the stream of coffee coming from the machine after the machine has warmed up for 6 minutes . At that LOW temperature you ca n't extract the flavors and aroma required for a great cup of espresso . Other reviews stating it can take 5 minutes to brew a cup of espresso are accurate . This occurs when the grind is too fine . I 've had this machine for over a year and it is NOT recommended . I use it mainly for the frother and make the espresso in another machine . To add insult to injury , the chrome like decal on the machine has an air bubble under it so it looks cheap . I thought it was chrome undil the decal started to get this bubble . Previously I had a Gaggia which is superior in every manner , and cheaper also . The only reason I rated it 2 stars is because of the frother .
 I bought the Capresso 114 last December -LRB- the difference being , the model 112 has chrome trim and a very questionable milk reservoir -RRB- . This machine is unbelievably finicky ; you must use an extremely coarse grind -LRB- according to the manual -RRB- , and almost zero tamping pressure -LRB- again , according to the manual -RRB- , otherwise you get unbelievably slow coffee flow -LRB- several minutes for a shot of espresso -RRB- . Even when you get everything according to instructions -LRB- which includes , according to Capresso tech support , disassembling the machine every few days -RRB- , it takes at least 5 minutes to pour a shot of espresso , which comes out weak , bitter , and with no crema . After two months of discussing this with Capresso tech support and getting nowhere , I returned the machine to Amazon . After that I bought a Krups XP 4000 -- bliss ! The machine makes great espresso in about 25 seconds , even with a fine grind and firm tamp .
 After about 1 year of use the pump failed . As the machine had made acceptable coffee and it looked good on the counter , I spent $ 60 for service . About 3 months after that , the control knob stripped . Well , I 've learned my lesson , and will go for a more reputable maker , like Gaggia or Rancilio .
 I was so proud when I bought this machine as I felt now I could have a good espresso without leaving home . I am now ready to put this thing to the side of the road . It seriously lacks heat and pressure to make a good espresso . Oh , it 's probably better than a normal coffee maker , but way overpriced for what it delivers . If you want a good cup of coffee , try a French Press . If you want an espresso , well I would n't recommend this .
 I really wanted to like this machine . I was upgrading from a Krups steam powered espresso machine , and this seemed to fit the bill . Based on the positive reviews on Amazon , and a couple of other sited , I ordered it and waited with high hopes.Unfortunately , I did not get a wonderful machine . Already , only two months later , I have tired of the limitations of this machine and have ordered a Rancilio Silvia , a bit more expensive , and much more worthy , espresso machine.This machine is has a couple of things going for it if you 're looking for a cheap way to make better espresso . First of all , it taakes ESE Pods . If you do n't have the patience for making real espresso with fresh beans ground with a good quality grinder , the Pod system is the way to go . Second , it comes with a pressurized portafilter , which will create a false `` crema '' on the coffee with relatively low quality beans -- building a false sense of good espresso . Third , and lastly , the Froth XPress milk frother attachment is easy to use and dispenses a tasty milk foam onto the poor to fair quality espresso in your cup.However , this machine has a lot of negative points that keep it from being anything but a beginner 's toy . With the pressurized portafilter , you 'll never be able to create a truly good espresso shot . The manual suggests to use a coarse ground coffee , which is a joke . I 've found that the machine ca n't produce the heat or pressure necessary brew properly ground coffee at all.If you are serious about espresso -LRB- and you should be , if you are already thinking about spending $ 250 + on a low end espresso machine -RRB- you should think about getting a real machine like the Sylvia or a Gaggia -LRB- the Espressione Grace Pump , soon available on Amazon , looks to be a fairly decent machine as well -RRB- and a good quality grinder to create acceptable coffee . Anything less would be doing a disservice to your wallet .
 Although this machine does indeed make hard ice cream soft , you need to use a pint of ice cream to get two cones . The rest of the ice cream remains on the blade and you practically have to eat if off there.The ice cream also has to be extremely hard or it will be liquified.The on/off switch has to be depressed constantly , because as soon as you release the switch the machine goes off . The machine also has to be operated by two persons , because of the hardness of the on/off switch.For me this was a very bad buy . I used it just once and never will again . For me it was a waste of money .
 I am really disappointed with the performance of this product . It is poorly designed for operation . It requires that you keep your finger on a pulse-type on/off switch while you are also pumping a handle or pushing down on a plunger in the feed tube of the machine . The blade that blends the ice cream with the additives does not turn fast enough . The directions say you need to have very frozen ice cream . Well , they mean frozen like an ice core sample dug from the Arctic ! I started with what I thought was rock hard ice cream and that was too soft . This product is a waste of money . You could achieve the same end result by blending additives into ice cream by hand .
 Here is the real review . The one I got did NOT have this button problem I have been reading about . That tells me that all of you who had to hold the button down had defective buttons . The main thing , it takes way too much ice cream to make way too few cones . The chute does not hold enough ice cream before needing more packed in . I packed the chute full , and got one cone out . I packed it again and got two cones . The blade stores about a cones worth on it , so when you are done , put it in the freezer for next time.I returned it . I would rather use all that great ice cream packed hard on a cone . It takes alot longer to eat a hard ice cream cone that a soft one , that 's for sure . Stick to the hard stuff .
 I asked everyone to get me one for a Christmas gift so my daughter did , because she knows I like soft serve ice cream . First it was very hard to figure out how to even use it and second you need two people to run the darn machine and you have to use so much ice cream for one serving . Third , you lose a lot of ice cream in the twister and it is hard to clean inside the base . I would never recommend it to anyone , in fact if someone asked me about it I would tell them it is not a good product and I would advise them to save their money . Black & Decker this is one for the Hall Of Shame ... Better go back to the drawing board and try to invent a new machine .
 After reading previous reviews on how the Arctic Twister is difficult to say the least to operate , I contacted the manufacturer directly . They confirmed via an 800 number that the product Arctic Twister must be operated by a minimum of two persons to operate sucessfully . Take this into consideration before purchase . I did .
 Did not find this ice cream mixer efficient . It melted the ice cream and was too messy of a clean up
 I picked this up thinking it was a ice cream maker until when I got it home I saw what it really was but I said whatever I 'll keep it and give it a try . BIG MISTAKE ! This thing barely stirs the ice cream and it take almost half a carton to make one big cone . This is a poor investment dont not buy !!!!
 It 's too bad ... I really wanted this to work , since I love soft serve . But after using it twice I donated to Goodwill.It would be great if somebody brought out a home version of the `` drill '' thing they use in some frozen yogurt places . Until then the best bet is to let the ice cream or frozen yogurt thaw in the fridge for a few hours , then stir it up with a spoon until it 's the preferred level of softness .
 The Black & Decker IC200 Arctic Twister Ice Cream Mixer is a product that you must not purchase . It is a total waste of money . It 's designed to make soft-serve ice cream at home . The are not enpough pro 's and way too many cons . the only Pro
 Pros :1 -RRB- If you are willing to spend over half an hour trying to make it , you can have soft serve anytime.Cons :1 -RRB- You have to hold the on switch while pumping the handle of this machine .2 -RRB- You have to put the components in the freezer for 10 minutes before you can use machine -LRB- or you end up with even soupier ice cream -RRB- .3 -RRB- It is REALLY loud .4 -RRB- It takes forver to get the ice cream out .5 -RRB- It takes forever to clean .6 -RRB- It wastes ice cream . It takes almost a half gallon for two servings and I 'd wager that 's because of the amount that gets stuck inside the thing .7 -RRB- By the time you get a decent sized dish of ice cream it 's horribly melted.It 's just awful . Mine is going back to my sister so she can return it .
 I received this for Christmas & have tried it several times . Just like most of the other reviewers , it took too much ice cream to produce the thick `` flurry/blizzard '' kind of shake we wanted . It is too complicated for one person ; trying to hold the pulse button , work the plunger , & switch cups/glasses while processing for the 4 anxious children observing . Perhaps I could juggle 3 balls in the air too while I 'm at it ?!! There has got to be an alternative machine that will chop up candies & cookies to make a great thick & chunky -LRB- not soupy -RRB- shake . Save your money & avoid the inevitable frustration ! Has anyone had luck w/a handheld blender or smoothie maker ?
 I am very disappointed with this machine . I used this machine three times and the motor stopped working . I am currently in the process of receiving a new one from the company . Also , a 1/2 gallon of ice cream will only get your four servings . The soft served ice cream is good but not worth the money I paid for it .
 It takes a lot of ice cream just to `` prime '' this thing and in the end you end up with a big mess and not much else . I would n't recommend it and certainly would n't buy another .
 The Ice cream melts in the machine and all you get is goo ! I am sure ther is a way to prevent it though .
 My Fiancee and I received this as a bridal shower gift and were very excited to try it out , we both love soft serve ice cream but we were disapointed by it . Its a good concept however , it is a little difficult to opperate and wastes a lot of Ice Cream . We returned the product and did not purchase another ice cream maker . For the price of it and the price of ice cream these days I 'd rather go out and get a soft serve cone once in a while !
 No stars for this ! The only way this product would get a star from me would be a big punch in the eye to the people at Black and Decker . I purchased this product as a Christmas gift for the family . Today is the first try for nice smooth ice cream and the machine broke before the first chocolate chip hit the ice cream . Today is Dec. the 26th . So now I have to go to the trouble of sending it back . What a piece of junk . Hope you all have better luck with it than I.
 As others noted , the machine is a disappointment . One half-gallon of ice cream made 4 servings . -LRB- Where does it all go ?? -RRB- The mix-ins get ground so fine there are no chunks left . The worst feature is the amount of ice cream left on the mixing blade . And it is nearly impossible to get that ice cream off to eat without just licking the blade.The ice cream must be very hard , and pre-freezing the parts also helps keep the ice cream from melting . Until B&D perfects this , I 'd stick with Dairy Queen .
 This noisy machine was extemely disappointing for my daughter 's 15th birthday . You have to put in a lot of ice cream in the machine to achieve a single serving because a large portion of the ice cream remained in the twisting portion of the unit . Certainly not worth the rather high price .
 I bought this and found like the others before me the button is awful to press . It needs two persons and the majority of the icecream stays in the machine . Good idea but bad make .
 I got this as a gift , and while it looked really cool , you have to put a ton of ice cream in to yield just one cone , since most of the ice cream ends up getting stuck on the spindle . Also the unit is poorly designed because you need at least 2 people to operate cause you have to hold down the `` on '' button , all while pushing down the plunger and turning the cone . The only thing this is good for is maybe a children 's birthday party
 This thing is a total waste of time and money and i wouldnt suggest anyone waste their hard earned money on it .
 In this day of technology and the fact that Black and Decker are supposed to be a reputable company , this was a piece of garbage.If you have arthritis , I definitely would not recommend . You have to have two people to operate this . Not worth the effort !! I called Black and Decker -LRB- aka
 I recieved this as a gift.I tried it out several times.The consistency is nothing like soft ice cream , more like hard ice cream that has been sitting out.Wastes most of your ice cream anyway.Total junk.Also black and decker has not been a pleasent company to work with.After much insistence they are going to investigate the situation and consider some form of a refund .
 My husband loves ice cream . He loves ice cream with a lot of chunks and chocolate and yummy goodness . I got all stocked up . A 10 gallon econo pak of ice cream , and about 10 packs of candies.What a waste ! I followed all the directions , including freexing the parts . It was a mess . The ice cream would n't come off the twister , into the bowl . Everytime I had to dismantle the machine and use a spoon to get the mushy mess off . You ca n't even lick it because the edges are sharp ! Do n't buy this , just go buy the pricy ice cream and save a real ice cream headache !!
 This product is over priced and very difficult to use . It is not at all as easy as they make it out to be . I sent it back.Definately not worth the money they are asking . Way overpriced .
 I bought this product mainly because I liked the design.I read the bad reviews about coffee spilling over counters and luke warm coffee but I went ahead and took a chance figuring it ca n't be that bad and if it is , the company will take care of me.The machine worked OK the first six months.The coffee wa n't that hot , you basically have to microwave every cup for 30 seconds.At least it was n't spilling coffee all over the counter like several reviewers stated.That started happening after about six months.Capresso sent a part , that fixed it for awhile , then coffee all over the counter and hardwood floor again.They sent another part and once agian , good for another three months.I called for a replacement machine , they sid no way.I was even hung up on by customer service.Nice.Before I wrote this review I was reading many of the other reviews posted , many people have had the same problems.Most of the good reviews were written after only a couple of weeks of ownership.In conclusion , if you like luke warm coffee , if you like a coffee maker that frequently drips the coffee all over your floor instead of into the carafe , if you like rude customer service and a refusal to remedy a faulty product , and if you want to pay a high premium for all of this ; then the Capresso MT-500 is the perfect product for you and I recommend it highly .
 You will read other reviews saying that the coffee maker would dump coffee all over the counters . I read them too thinking as another reviewer that it could n't be that bad . Well it was . After six months of battling this beast , we finally put it to rest along with a $ 140 investment . Do n't waste your time or money on this one . I wish that we had not .
 I have had to send back this coffee maker once as the clock did not work properly and the machine gurgled constantly , overflowed and generally made a mess . Received another machine back from Capresso after a hassle and a rude customer service rep. This one is having problems as well . For $ 180 dollars , Capresso should be making a much better product than this.The Krups we had lasted a long time and was of a better quality than this . Capresso does get kudos for making a machine that brews a superior cup of coffee but the fact that it does not work properly is enough to give it a very poor review.I would think long and hard before buying Capresso ever again .
 We purchase our coffee from a coffee store and grind it ourselves . We do like hot and strong coffee . The reviews for the Capresso were so good we did n't think we could go wrong . We had been using a Krups machine that finally became unreliable with age . The first thing I noticed with the Capresso was that the thermal carafe was sort of triangular in shape . It looked stylish but it was hard to pour the last bit of water out of it . You had to go `` head-over-heels '' . That was king of annoying , particularly when filling the water reservoir . You do n't want to leave water in the carafe . Another problem we had was that the coffee was not hot . We like hot coffee . We have an instant-hot water dispenser in our kitchen and even tried preheating the carafe with the steaming water . Still the coffee was not really hot . And without a burner , it does n't get any hotter with time . We also like strong coffee . We use Sumatra grind it `` fine '' . With the Capresso , the usual amount of coffee we used in the Krups made weaker coffee . We even tried adding more . I do n't know if it was the charcoal filter or what , but it was n't the same . We bundled it up and sent it back . Bought a high-end Mr. Coffee that was a fraction of the price . Has its problems but the coffee is strong and hot .
 I have been shopping with Amazon since 1997 and recently decided to purchase a couple kitchen appliances . I just received this coffeemaker and was chagrined that the company does n't do a better job in packing and securing a $ 170 coffeemaker . The appliance box is packed in a larger brown box with an airpack strip . One side of the appliance box is in direct contact with the thin outer box and the appliance box jiggles inside and can easily get banged around in transit . It arrived broken on the bottom . Additionally , the coffeemaker itself was not wrapped in plastic and the electric cord was not wrapped and tied . This leads me to believe that I may have been shipped a returned item . Seems like there may be a quality control issue as well . I had also purchased a KitchenAid blender , same packing story . In the future I 'll pay retail to avoid the hassle of a return , or shop for breakables at another discount source .
 what a great gift . a coffee maker that has so many problems that it 's hard to know where to start . The controls-absolutely worthless because the they are horizontal and not readable unless you walk up to them and look down-not what I do at 5 am.The flooding-yes others have said that it 's not the pot 's fault.Well , boohickie . It IS the coffeemaker 's fault . I 've set my grinder at midrange and it still gets clogged in the the drip chute . Forget buying preground coffee-you ca n't buy fine ground coffee and expect your counter to stay dry . Is it overpriced-absolutely . As I like tepid coffee , I will not join others and say it is not hot enough . I will say that I am sick of the daily sludge at the bottom of my coffee cup-that does n't happen with my $ 30 coffee maker at my summer camp . This coffee maker is a yuppie disaster .
 I will keep this Short . The carafe broke the first day . I returned it and got another one . The second unit imparted a horrible bitter , burnt rubber sort of taste to the coffee , and it never got better after a few months . I returned that one too . The machine had great potential and looked stunning , but I would not recommend it due to quality issues .
 We purchsed the Capresso coffee maker a couple years ago and were willing to make the investment for a really good coffee maker . I buy coffee directly from a coffee roaster so I like a good , full-bodied coffee . I got a flavorful cup of coffee and , initially , the coffee stayed hot in the the thermal carafe for maybe two hours . Now , the carafe does not keep the coffee hot at all even when I preheat it with scalding hot water . I called the company and they will sell me a replacement cafafe for about the same cost of the newer model Capresso . I said `` no , thanks . '' They lost my business as I continue my quest for a coffee maker that keeps the coffee hot after it is brewed . The thermal carafe lid is also somewhat difficult to open for pouring the coffee .
 I like this pot , it brews a great pot when it 's all cleaned out -LRB- I use baking soda , some Borax and a scrubby brush -RRB- , but the carafe lid does not come apart for cleaning and is clearly filled with coffee gunk . I shake it and brown gunk comes out , but I 'm sure there 's some left in there that is then dripping into my coffee . Please fix this lid , make the whole thing easy to clean with no hidden gunk places.The price was steep for a partial stainless , partial plastic machine .
 This pot will flood your counters with coffee , and dont believe those who say it can be solved . I have looked at reviews for most of the good coffee makers and this is the only one that has this problem -LRB- 30 out of 97 reviewers ! -RRB- . Epinions/mySimon all have the same response . Called Capresso and they pretended they had never heard of the problem - BUNK ! Mine is going in teh trash today - Capresso never again !!!!
 I was really dissapointed on this capresso coffeemaker . First of all , if you do n't line up the carafe with the top perfectly , you will wake up with spilled coffee all over the kitchen counter . The carafe is impossible to clean inside allowing the old coffee to build up , giving it a horrible taste . It really bother us , especially because this is a pretty pricey item . We will never recommend it to anybody .
 Never know what to expect from this thing . One time it makes coffee , the next it pumps water and coffee all over my kitchen counter . The coffee tastes the same as my old 29.99 Mr. Coffee so I ca n't even say anything good about it when it does n't flood my kitchen . Not worth the money at all .
 For a very expesive coffee maker this is a severly dissapointing product . About 20 % of the time we use the pot -LRB- 7-8 cups -RRB- it ends up backing up and overflowing , causing a huge mess of grounds and coffee . It seems the flow rate intot he pot is faster than the flow out to the carafe , or perhaps the carafe develops an air-lock . Whatever it is a disaster and a flawed device . Besides the coffee tastes better in my 10 year old $ 50 Krups !
 It sounded great from the description . I 'm very dissapointed . It does not keep coffee hot for more than a half an hour . You need a magnifiying glass to read the water level . It was purchased as a surprise to my wife . She wants to give it to the Salvation Army ! I liked the thermos idea but it just does n't work on this machine . BUY ANOTHER BRAND !!!
 I 've had this coffee maker for about two years now and have had many problems with it from day one.First , the pause feature used to pour a cup while brewing does not work at all . Coffee continues to brew all over the base when I pull out the carafe.Second , by the time I 'm ready for my second cup of coffee , it 's not hot anymore and I have to microwave it for about 30 seconds.Third , the lid to the carafe can only be turned about a quarter turn to pour the coffee , any more than that and the lid will fall off and you 'll end up pouring coffee all over the counter like my parents did when they were visiting . -LRB- Really , for this much money , should you have to explain to your house guests how to pour a cup of coffee ?! -RRB- It 's embarrassing.If I had n't spent so much on it I would have already bought a different one to replace it . Save your money , believe the reviews and buy something dependable and worthwhile . This was my first Capresso and will be my last .
 Just bought this for the advertised price of $ 140 . VERY disappointed ... filters only last 3 months , it is very easy to misplace the coffeepot on the plate and have coffee spill all over , have to tighten and untighten the cap to pour and brew , and someone certainly could have done much better for their money . Would advise you check out the Braun metal carafe 10-cup coffee maker ... we had one for 6 years -LRB- making at least 2 pots/day -RRB- and wish we 'd stayed with it now ... one touch control -LRB- off-on -RRB- , filters last 3 months , very simple pour mechanism with no changing cap position for pour or brew .
 I have had this coffee maker for about four and a half years . Today , I bid it farewell as I watched the garbage truck empty our garbage can!It made a great cup of coffee ; as long as you can keep the brew off your kitchen counter . I would NOT recommend purchasing this product.Like most of the other poor reviews of this coffee machine , I too had the experience of frequent `` counter wetting '' . Want to set its timer to brew coffee for you so it is ready in the morning ? Forget it ! You will wake up to a large pool of coffee from one end of your counter to the other.I have tried everything from more frequent decalcifying of the carafe lid and filter assembly to coffee grind adjustments -LRB- I have had the grounds as coarse as the grinder could go - the next step would have probably been to hit the bean once with a hammer -RRB- . No success on any attempts.Frequency of occurrence was probably about once a week . It was OK as long as you watched it when it was brewing . Generally , you would start seeing it overflow on the carafe 's lid . Repositioning the carafe a bit and tapping the lid -LRB- the ball valve sticks shut -RRB- would correct the overflow.In summary , I must be masochistic to have put up with this coffee maker for so long .
 We drink a lot of coffee . I decided it was time to get the best coffee maker that I could -LRB- excluding those in the $ 1000 and up range -RRB- . I researched , read reviews and researched some more . I finally ordered the Capresso MT500.It is certainly a quality machine and it is easy to use . It is attractive and does n't hold on to fingerprints all over the carafe as I was afraid it would.My problem with it is lukewarm coffee after an hour . I get up an hour after my husband and by the time I add cream to my coffee , it is lukewarm at best . When I make the evening pot , it is lukewarm for him -LRB- after an hour -RRB- even though he does not add cream . The coffee is hot if you use it immediately but does not seem to hold the heat worth a darn.I find this at odds with other reviewers which perplexes me . I do n't even like my coffee really hot and frequently had to let it cool down before drinking it with my Mr. Coffee . I am very surprised that this is an issue for me but I am telling you , lukewarm coffee is not acceptable ... especially after paying this much.I also found that the stop and brew is difficult to use when you have to unscrew the lid to the black dot , pour your coffee and rescrew it before returning it to the coffeemaker . It has started dripping again on more than one occasion.Mine is going back today .
 After reading all the reviews which were amazing positive , we bought one of these . It goes back today.The coffee is not hot enough -LRB- and we 're not big fans of the hot cup -RRB- . The carafe is hard to clean because of the narrow top opening and the manufacturer 's guideline of not submerging it . The pouring mechanism is , well , poor . The filter holder leaks and causes a drip down the side of the pot.The above would not warrant a two star review -LRB- at least not without factoring in the steep price -RRB- , but the big failure of the coffee maker is the plastic smell and taste that ends up ruining the coffee . We ran 4 pots of water and 3 pots of coffee , and the water still comes out with a nasty plastic smell . We did a side by side comparison of water smell with a cheapo Krups -LRB- not heavily used/broken in -RRB- and we could really smell the plastic on the Capresso but not the Krups . -LRB- Krups is not great and I would n't recommend it , we just had it for company and it made a good baseline -RRB- . Back to the french press .
 This coffee machine does a nice job of brewing coffee quickly and delivering a good taste . However , it is overpriced , and no matter how careful you are about positioning the carafe , you are going to having coffee , coffee , everywhere ! I 've had the machine less than two years , and I 've replaced almost every part and still coffee often flows all over my counter . The frustrating thing is , I ca n't figure out why it flows all over the place sometimes and not on other times . So forget about using the automatic timer ! The pause feature also did n't work after about six months . You pull the carafe out and , more coffee on your counter . As soon as I finish the last box of charcoal filters I bought for it , I 'm throwing the machine away .
 Brews a satisfactory cup of coffee , but for the price one would expect to buy a coffee maker that did n't leak water all over the counter .
 Item arrived with the coffee machine box inside of the shipping box . Coffee box had been opened and all warrenty , manuals , and literature on the coffee machine had been removed . Makes you wonder if the item is NEW as advertised or been retuned by someone else .
 The carafe holds only 5 cups of water , not 10 . Condensation drips from the filter holder down the pot . I do n't like black indicators on black backgrounds which the pot lid has . I have n't brewed any coffee yet because the water level indicator has me puzzled . When I poured 4 cups of water in to activiate the charcoal filter , the level indicator showed 7 cups . The steam and noise it makes is excessive . I hope the coffe is as good as other reviewers have indicated to make me feel better about my purchase .
 After two years and 11 months it just stopped working . Maybe three years is the life expectancy of this product , but for $ 150 it was overpriced . We thought we were buying a quality product but we were sorely disappointed . To add insult to injury it was always overflowing and it did not keep the coffee hot . Do not buy this product !
 After using several different coffee makers over the years , I thought I had found one that would truly brew a great cup of coffee . It turns out , paying more for what you would expect -LRB- and probably heard -RRB- was a good brand , did NOT make a difference this time . The thermal carafe began leaking only 2 months after purchase . Now , 3 months later and only using the coffee maker on weekends , the coffee leaks around the lid of the carafe and I have to clean up the counter top every time I make coffee . I am very disappointed in this product and would not recommend it to anyone . Also , the company does not stand behind their 1 year warranty and refund your money . They are only willing to replace parts.Unfortunately , I did not take the time to read all of the reviews of this product before purchasing it . Had I done so , I would have known everyone seems to be having the same problems , coffee all over the countertop and floor as well as the coffee cooling to lukewarm shortly after the machine turns off . It 's very unfortunate a company can continue to provide such poor quality in an economy where we all need to spend wisely on products that should last .
 Everything is just fine until the one day it overflows and ruins everything . It 's good coffee , so you let it slide the first time and take more care to line everything up perfectly . Then it happens again ... this time you were sure it should have worked . And it just happens to be the day when you pressed start and walked away . Coffee is everywhere . Grinds are everywhere . Your morning is ruined.DONT DO IT . Buy something else .
 I had this coffee maker for 21/2 years before it just gave up and stopped making coffee last week . I would gladly pay this type of premium for better coffee but this machine is not worth it . First and most importantly , the coffee is never hot . As others have written , every cup has to go in the microwave for 35 seconds if you like your coffee hot . We often have guests and if I forget to show them the little dot on the top , they spill coffee all over ... embarrassing for them and a mess for me . I was glad when it died . Back to Braun , non-programmable machine at $ 14.99 ... the coffee is hot and tastes great again . It 's the beans , not the maker , that seem to matter .
 I did everything I could to get this coffee maker to make hot coffee . I ran the thermos under hot water and filled it with hot water before I brewed my coffee but the coffee was not hot . By hot I mean it was readily drinkable . I even heated up my coffee mug . The coffee in my old Krups is hotter . I did not notice any difference in the taste between the Krups and the Capressa and I was using $ 12 a pound coffee .
 I 've owned this coffee maker for about a year . I bought it based on reviews on this website . It was a disappointment . The carafe DOES NOT keep the coffee warm very long . I make a pot around 6:00 am . By 7:00 or so , I 'm having to heat my cup of coffee in the microwave to get it hot enough to drink . I would like it to keep the coffee a good hot drinking temperature for at least a couple of hours . This one does not.Also , after a years use , it has now started `` spitting '' steam on every brew . I 've cleaned it three times now and it has n't helped . I start out with 8 cups of water in the tank and wind up with about 7 cups of coffee , not to mention , it is very noisy when it 's hissing away all the steam.I will say , it brews a good cup of coffee . If it would just stay hot in the carafe .
 Disappointed in the value of this coffeemaker . There 's no technology in this thing to make it worth the money . I made the purchase because of reviews that stated how hot the coffee was -LRB- etc -RRB- but found it to be simply average . Would definitely return it if I still had the packaging .
 I had high hopes for this coffeemaker -- lots of great reviews from some coffee aficionado websites . And it does make decent coffee . But there are certain little things mentioned in other reviews that proved to be not only true , but very bothersome . My unit never did produce hot coffee . Pre-heated carafe or no , the coffee was never as hot as any other coffeemaker I have ever had , and therefore is pretty useless in my opinion . Also , it is true that the alignment of the carafe has to be perfect to avoid coffee leaking all out on the counter . I never had spillage like this to happen , because I was always very careful to line the thing up exactly right , but it was a needlessly tedious task to have to do and never feel sure if you got it just right . The metal finish on the unit is extremely nice , as it does not show fingerprints . I sent this unit back and decided to keep my Krups Moka Brew as a backup for when I need a pot full -- excellent coffee but takes a bit of extra work . My new everyday brewer ? The Breville/Keurig -- great coffee and almost no work involved !
 I have been using this coffee maker for over a year , and I have never been satisfied with the taste of the coffee . I will say that I have never had the overflow problems other people talk about , and I am not even that careful about how I place the carafe . I have used thermal carafes before , so I know they pour slowly and that is not a problem for me . I do n't like burnt coffee from a hot plate , so I deal with the awkward carafe . This is actually a better design than most I have used.I recently stopped using cream in my coffee , and I really noticed how aweful this coffee tasted . I received a Moka pot for Chistmas and the coffee it makes with the same grounds is delicious . I just do n't have time to deal with it on mornings when I work . I started reading online to figure out what I was doing wrong with my drip machine . I read that the ideal brew temperature for drip coffee is between 195 and 205 F . The description above claims that this machine brews at 192 F. I also recently purchased an instant-read thermometer , so I decided to test it out . I have calibrated the instant-read against other thermometers and I have used it for cooking several times with great results . When I tested the capresso , the first waves of water hitting the grounds were at 120 F. My hot tap water measures 125 F. Most of the brewing cycle is between 160 and 180 F. I think this explains the poor taste . It also explains all the reviews that describe the coffee as luke warm . When I read those before buying , I just figured those people were used to hot plate coffee . I do n't really like my coffee hot when I drink it . Several people talked about microwaving the coffee afterward , but that wo n't help the taste after it has alread passed through the grounds . I decided to experiment . I ran water through the machine with no grounds . Then , after waiting a while , I poured the hot water into the input chamber and brewed a pot with grounds . This time , the brew temperature was close to 195 F . The coffee tasted MUCH better with the same amount and type of grounds . I am not sure if I will always have time for this extra step , but if I plan to stay off the cream , it may be neccessary . My machine is older , so that could account for the loss of temperature . Even so , for the price , you would expect the quality to hold up a while .
 When searching for a plastic-free coffeemaker , I read recommendations which said that this model had a stainless water tank . It does n't ! We have n't used it , but it is going back and we 'll keep looking .
 I have many complaints about this supposedly top-of-the-line coffee maker.Several times we have pulled out the carafe to pour a cup mid-brew cycle , only to discover that the brew-stop mechanism does n't work well - sometimes it works just fine , sometimes not at all , so that now we 're afraid to pour a cup mid-cycle . The coffee brews so fast that by the time you 've discovered the brew-stop mechanism is acting fussy -LRB- about 3 seconds ' time -RRB- , there 's already a big pool of coffee flowing onto and around the machine.If you do n't pre-heat the carafe , the coffee is lukewarm . I do n't have the time or energy to rinse the carafe with hot water before every single brew cycle!The water fill indicator is on the right-hand side , RIGHT where your hand blocks it while filling the machine with water . Also the little tiny numbers on the water fill indicator can maybe be read by ants , but they 're hard to read for these over-40 eyes . ALSO there 's no indication in or on the carafe how many cups of water you are using , so you just have to guess and then try to distinguish the TEENY TINY number of cups hiding behind your hand on the indicator on the machine . This always requires 2 or 3 passes to get the right amount of water into the machine.On the carafe , you have to turn the lid a VERY particular way during the brew cycle , then turn it back to pour the coffee . How do they tell you where to turn the lid ? With a black dot , which must be rotated to an exact position . A black dot on the black lid . NOT too easy to find . And turning the lid is awkward , there 's not much to grab onto.We now make only 6 cups maximum ; the times we 've tried to make 8 cups the filter mechanism overflowed and hot coffee dripped all over the counter . We do use a fair amount of grounds , but certainly not as much as the 2 tablespoons per cup that is recommended . The coffee brews so fast that , if you use a fair amount of grounds , there 's not enough time for the water to filter through , the whole thing gets backed up and overflows.I 'm very very disappointed in this machine ; for the price I was expecting it to be perfect . We had a Braun machine -LRB- for about 1/3 of the price of this one -RRB- for many many years and NEVER had a problem with it . Not ONCE . The Capresso is way too temperamental and has too many glitches.Highly UN-recommended .
 We had a Mr Coffee with thermal carafe for years before it quit working . We have always bought good coffee and have been very happy with the results . When Mr. Coffee passed on , we decided that we liked coffee enough to justify such a nice , and highly regarded machine.Day one
 I read the reviews before buying this coffeemaker and disregarded the ones about it overflowing as fluks or that the users did n't follow the instructions . That was a mistake . I read the instructions . It overflowed everytime I used it . I returned it . Save yourself the trouble and pass on this machine .
 We love the old Capresso coffee maker with milk frother . We have been using it at our weekend house for years . So when it was time for a new coffee pot for our apartment , I ordered this one without hesitation . What a disappointment . Enough water leaks out of the cup gauge to soak the counter top and the coffee is not as hot as the old machine . The instructions tell you not to use a paper filter if you use the gold basket . This resulted in a layer of silt in the bottom of my cup . My first ever Amazon return .
 Sorry , I am a coffee snob and did a lot of research . I was torn between the MT500 and Technivorm . I went for the Capresso due to the metal parts and filter . After 3 years , I ca n't wait to throw it in the trash . There is nothing worse than overflowing coffee . If it has n't happened to you just wait.I have ordered a Technivorm .
 Please save yourself the headache and avoid purchasing anything from Kismet . We ordered the Capresso coffee maker -LRB- 170.00 -RRB- and were unhappy with the product . We have been calling everyday for the last 15 days to speak with a representative to either replace or return the device . Not certain if the maker of Capresso product is aware of this or if they are one in the same with Kismet . Regardless , I will avoid both for now.TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE !!
 This coffee maker looks like art on a kitchen counter . But I had two major complaints with it after a year of service . If the carafe were not put on the coffee maker , or if it were misaligned , the coffee would brew and I would wake up to a small lake of coffee on the counter , in the drawers below , on the floor , you get the picture . Much less expensive makers are more idiot proof than this ... one . Then , the water pump stopped working after 50 weeks of service . I think I will stick with the $ 50 coffee makers from now on .
 The Capresso is a wonderful machine -- makes great coffee . I have owned several . The one I ordered from Amazon however arrived in a box that was badly packed -- very little paper around the box in a larger box . AS a result the first time I used the machine , it leaked all over my counter and wooden floor.I will never order anything like this from Amazon again -- they can pack books and cd 's and dvd 's but seemingly have no idea how to pack a coffee maker in order to have it arrive intact.The only good thing about this situation is that they said they would refund my money -- however the credit has not yet appeared on my credit card.Be warned .
 THIS COFFEEMAKER IS NOTHING LIKE ANY OTHER CAPRESSO PRODUCTS WE HAVE PURCHASED IN THE LAST 3 YEARS!THREE YEARS AGO WE PURCHASED THE CAPRESSO COFFEE TEC -LRB- 471.01 -RRB- . WE LOVED IT SO MUCH - WE TALKED OTHERS INTO BUYING IT . WE EVEN PURCHASED 3 OTHERS FOR CHRISTMAS PRESENTS FOR FAMILY MEMBERS - WHO DID N'T BUY IT ON THEIR OWN!WE LOVED OUR COFFEE TEC SO MUCH ... IT HAD SERVERAL HUNDRED MILES ON IT ! WE TOOK OUR COFFEE MAKER WITH US ON VACATION . IT HAS BEEN TO MICHIGAN , THE OUTTER BANKS , AND THE FLORDIA KEYS !! - MORE THAN ONCE !! NEEDLESS TO SAY , IT WAS USED & LOVED BY ALL ON FAMILY VACATIONS.AFTER THREE YEARS OF LOTS AND LOTS OF USE & TRAVEL IT WAS A LITTLE BEAT UP . WE DECIDED TO PURCHASE A NEW COFFEEMAKER FOR THE HOUSE -LRB- ONE THAT WOULD NOT TRAVEL -RRB- . WE ALSO DECIDED -LRB- WE THOUGHT -RRB- THE STEAMING FUNCTION OF THE COFFEE TEC WAS UNNECCESSARY . SO , WE STEPPED DOWN TO THIS MODEL BY CAPRESSO - ASSUMING THE MT500 -LRB- 440.05 -RRB- WOULD CARRY THE SAME QUALITY . WERE WE WRONG !! THIS MODEL WILL OVERRUN , EVEN IF YOU DONT FILL WATER UP TO THE 10-CUP MARK , THE HANDLE & CRAFT ARE CHEAP AND DOWN RIGHT WIERD , THE COFFEE IS NOT AS HOT AND NOT AS GOOD !! IT 'S LOUD WHEN IT BREWS ! THE LID IS HARD TO TURN ; THE OLD DESIGN WAS SO EASY . THE POUR SPOUT WAS DESIGNED POORLY ; IT TAKES SO LONG TO POUR ONE CUP OF COFFEE . IT IS NOTHING LIKE THE OTHER PRODUCT , IT 'S WORTH LESS THAN 1/2 OF WHAT IT COSTS . WE CA N'T BELIEVE THAT THIS COFFEE MAKER EVEN WAS ALLOWED OUT OF THE FACTORY WITH THE `` CAPRESSO '' NAME !! WE ALSO HAVE A CAPRESSO BURR GRINDER ; WITH THIS MODEL WE HAVE TO GRIND MORE COFFEE TO GET CLOSE TO THE SAME RESULTS . AND FORGET FLAVORED COFFEE - THE FLAVOR DOES NOT COME THROUGH !! SO , THE MONEY I DID NOT SPEND FOR THE STEAMING FUNCTION , WE 'VE WASTED IN GRINDING MORE COFFEE !! AND THE COFFEE STILL TASTES TERRIBLE !! IF YOU BUY THIS MODEL , REALIZE YOU ARE BUY A CHEAP LOOK-A-LIKE , AND YOU ARE PAYING TOO MUCH !! IF YOU REALLY LIKE YOUR COFFEE , AND WOULD LIKE THE CHANCE TO COME HOME AFTER WORK AND FINISH THE POT OF WONDERFUL COFFEE YOU MADE THAT MORNING - THIS POT IS NOT YOUR ANSWER !! DO NOT BUY THIS MODEL !! BUT , DO SPEND A LITTLE BIT MORE ON THE COFFEE TEC MODEL ITS WORTH EVERY PENNY MORE !! WE WILL BE ORDERING OURS RIGHT AFTER I FINISH WITH THIS .
 although I feel this is a great product . I just does not last . The customer service of Bradley and his boss Sylest leaves much to be desired . So after just over 6 months , with no help from the company I will buy from -LSB- ... -RSB- . they have a forever return policy . Capresso just needs customer service that listens more than speaks
 I really , really ca n't believe that they are charging $ 170 for this machine which , at best , is a glorified Mr. Coffee with some steel slapped on . Besides the price , by far the biggest problem is that the coffee is only luke-warm even if you pour it the second it is done , -LRB- do n't think of using the `` sneak a cup '' feature to get one before it stops because that does n't work either . The carafe is also a nightmare as it is exasperatingly slow to pour out of even if you unscrew to the point of the top coming off and there is no way to clean the dried coffee from the bottom of the carafe through its very narrow opening . Really , you do n't ask so many things from a coffee machine that it should have this many problems , especially at this premium price . A classic example of decent form over very bad function .
 We buy premium whole bean coffees from around the world . We LOVE our coffee , so I decided to buy a premium coffee maker . The Capresso was touted as a high end coffee maker that produced great tasting coffee at the correct temperature . There were reports of leaking etc but I decided to try it anyway . Here is what I found : While the coffee tastes great , the pot does drip condensed steam all the time . The water gets so hot during brewing , that some of it is boiled off as steam . So 4 cups measured ends up being 31/2 cups . The small pot program makes that even worse , and ads lots of time to the brewing process , 5-6 + minutes more sheeesh . Even with pre-warming the carafe , the coffee in the 2nd cup is noticeably cooler than the 1st cup . And finally , cleaning the carafe is almost impossible as the opening is too small to get your hand in to clean the pot ! IMHO this pot is highly overrated & way over priced . It was an expensive learning experience for me . The pot is NOT a keeper and I will be looking for something better . The reason for 2 stars & not 1 is the coffee does taste great as long as you 're patient and only judge the 1st cup .
 We are very disappointed with the Capresso coffee maker . Unless we rinsed the carafe with hot water and used hot water to brew the coffee immediately , then we would end up with luke warm coffee . We would have to drink the coffee immediately since the carafe could not keep the coffee warm for over 30 minutes . Using the automatic timer was therefore useless.After waking up morning after morning to automatically brewed semi cold coffee , I went out and bought a Cuisinart stainless steel 12cup automatic coffee maker which brews hot excellent coffee automatically with no hassles . The Capresso is all looks and with no capability .
 I bought this coffee maker a few years ago -LRB- I 'm a sucker for design -RRB- . Within six months the cheap water level indicator on the side quit working and within a year , the feet of the coffee maker had melted and fallen off AND then recently the interior flaked away -LRB- eeeew ! OMG -- I hope I do n't have lead poisoning or something ... like , what is that material exactly ???? -RRB- -- so it 's not a stainless steel pot . So much money -- I 'm embarrassed to say I got suckered on this one but I 've learned my lesson and I will , never , ever , make an impulse buy again . If you do n't believe me that it 's this bad ... I can post some pictures : -LRB-
 I 'm typing this after boxing it for a return . The coffee is n't nearly hot enough , and cools quickly in the carafe . They suggest adding boiling water before brewing , but how practical is that if you 're setting it to auto brew the night before ? Further , the lid to the carafe becomes stuck-I can not open the thing right now.Did the folks that gave this a high rating buy a different machine ?
 Here is a letter I mailed to the company : `` This is the second time I have written . I will not be writing again but the problem has escalated to the point where the coffee maker no longer functions . Needless to say , I will never buy your product again . I wrote earlier to complain of the design flaw that causes the coffee maker to overflow . I understand that the flow through lid on the thermal carafe is getting clogged with grounds and that then the pause and serve valve is getting clogged and the maker keeps making . No kidding . But why do I have to treat a $ 150 dollar coffee maker like surgical equipment ? All I do is grind my coffee , put it in the basket filter and push the button . I clean the top and basket regularly . I run hot water through with vinegar to keep it from scaling . I angst about whether this time or that the coffee was ground too fine and it 's all my fault . This is too much stress for first thing in the morning . And , no , I ca n't use the timer in order to encounter the stress before bed , because then I awake wondering whether there is coffee all over the counter , which frequently there is . So at this point the last flood effectively has destroyed the coffee maker 's electronics . I ca n't set the clock , the lights are dim . It 's a hazard . I am going to purchase a new coffee maker today and it wo n't be yours . I really really really wanted to like this maker . I have had it for three years . But that 's $ 50 dollars a year . Does that seem in any way fair ? I will be posting this on all the web review sites , fyi . ''
 Absolutely the worst knife I have ever used . By FAR . Ergo , as in ergonomic ??? NOT . Ca n't even hold the on-switch on for a full minute , it keeps turning off . What a HUGE PAIN . AVOID .
 I got these sheets for $ 35 but was really disappointed anyway . I washed them and placed them on the bed . The sheets are light weight , unlike for example `` The Grand '' sheets that I purchased through amazon , and they are really rough . The bag I receive came with a zipper and indicate that the sheets are made in China , for what its worth .
 I have bought many sets of sateen sheets before - these felt nothing like that . They are decent sheets - hence the no return . But still - it 's not what I thought I was ordering .
 I was very impressed with the finish of the sheets when they first arrived . After washing them and the using them , they started to pill where my skin is rough -LRB- I have eczema -RRB- . No other `` sateen '' sheets I have ever bought have done this , and this is extremely disappointing . I think it 's attributed to the herringbone pattern , nevertheless , very disappointing . I would be wary of the actual quality of these sheets .
 I 've purchased sateen sheets of 400 + thread count before and all were softer than the set I just purchased . These were rougher than even my cheap percale 200 thread count sheets . I purchased them in hopes of providing soft , luxury sheets for house guests and instead , I was embarrassed to use them , opting for my older but softer sheets . The stars are for the dark platinum color and herringbone , which is pretty.But wow , everything from the fitted sheet to the pillow cases is rough like sandpaper .
 Fitted sheet had a 7 in . run in it . To pay postage and package to return is not worth the time . There may be some quality control issues at the factory . Ordered two sets and that was the only defect I noticed .
 The sheets were soft with the higher thread count , but the pattern made the pillow cases scratchy on our faces , even after washing . I would not buy them again .
 Anyone noticed that the thread count that is advertised on the amazon website is not to be seen anywhere on the product ? Or did I just happen to order all the sheets that do not show this number anywhere . I ordered the 440 thread count white herringbone Pinzon King sHEET SET & right now after one wash I am not sure if this is cotton anymore . Anyone feel the same way ? Do you know where I can verify the thread count?Is amazon ripping the customer off ? Bring on all your opinions
 They were beautiful out of the package , and comfortable after the first washing , but by the second , they began to pill . It 's tolerable , but not what I would have expected from the thread count .
 I had success ordering Pinzon sheets from Amazon in the past and was in the market for a new sheet set . I found these sheets and thought , because of the product description , that they would be like the other sheets I previously ordered . I was wrong . These sheets feel like you are sleeping in a burlap bag . They are awful ! Unfortunately with sheets , you really do n't know until they are washed and on your bed , how you will like them . I would advise anyone looking for sheets to stay away from this set unless you want your body exfoliated while you sleep .
 Not worth the price . Awful . Sheds terribly . Washed once and had to throw away because it shedded so much . Cheaply made , but price was n't cheap .
 Well I have enjoyed it for one year exactly . Today I was going to make tea , and picked it up to take to the sink , and the whole handle broke off . It was a blessing it did not have boiling water in it ! It is not fixable .
 Unfortunately the handle on this unit broke when I poured on its third use . If I could have found a replacement part , it could have been saved .
 they work ok , but the deni 1761 did not , so for $ 24.00 i sent it back and got a replacement vac . the cost to return it . i coulde have boought it at wal mart .
 THESE ARE MUCH THICKER THAN THE REGULAR ROLLS FOR DENI . THEY DO NOT WORK WELL AS THEY ARE TO THICK TO GET THE AIR OUT OF . A WASTE OF MY MONEY !!!
 I was not pleased with these rolls as they just did n't want to vacuum air out of the bag . I read and reread the directions more than I wanted to but could n't get the air to vacuum out .
 These particular ones are very thick and we ca n't get the machine to vacuum them although the seal is good . We 'll be looking for much thinner rolls in the future .
 Nice idea , but terrible in execution . The magnets are nice . I thought it would be great to have potholders that could store on the side of the fridge and clean quickly under the faucet . But , they do n't have enough flexibility to conform to the side of the pain , and if your pan does n't have good handles , you are going to have problems . Small handles or a simple indentation and you are taking a risk . The silicone is grippy , things wo n't necessarily slip unless they are very heavy , but since it does n't conform well around the side of the pan , you are risking a burn -LRB- like the one I just received on the back of my hand -RRB- . I 'm shopping for oven mitts or big potholders , and just had to warn people . I 've burned myself three of the four times I 've used these last . I 'm not known for being a clutz or especially developmentally-challenged , so I 'm blaming these little hockey pucks .
 I returned this . I did n't like that you have to pack the food in through the back of the van . It was very hard to get anything in it and you would have to take everything out to get at stuff you put in first . It was very cute and wished it was designed like other lunch boxes and opened by the whole side of the Mystery Machine .
 The lunch box has a flap that unzips -LRB- when the zipper does n't get stuck -RRB- . The flap is located where the rear of the van would be , therefore , it is very , very small and very , very inaccessible for loading the lunchbox . The zipper is so bad that the school `` suggested '' that we get another lunchbox because there were times that even the lunch monitors could n't get it open . As other reviewers mentioned , I only got a lunch box and it was a huge waste of money . My child grabbed it and used it before I could return it . Probably my worst Amazon purchase ever .
 I bought this lunch box for my 5 year old nephew for his birthday , per his request for a Scooby Doo lunchbox and backpack . The reviews that I read were n't right . The lunch box only came as itself , without any attachments . The zipper sticks and it does n't seem that good of a value for the money . As it was a gift , I gave it to my nephew cause I did n't have any other option , but if I had seen a review like this I would have ordered another one and saved myself the hastle .
 Hard for my kid to open his lunch box . I tried to cut the inner part that was getting stuck in the zipper and the seam fell apart . Now I have to buy another lunch box .
 I love Scooby Doo and so does my 4 year old . I read the reviews on this specific item and the reviews mention strap for a water bottle , a coin pocket for money , and containers that do NOT come with this kit . I am very disappointed and want others to know that if you order this , it is ONLY a lunch bag not a KIT ! The bag is well made and the details are great but please be aware .
 Zipper sticks , no coin pouch , thermos or sandwich container . I 'm shocked at the poor quality Thermos is putting out ! I am so disappointed . I will be contacting the manufacturer as well , this is just awful .
 The zipper catches on the lining every time it 's opened and closed . I do n't know why it 's called a `` kit ; '' it comes with nothing . It 's just the bag . $ 14 for something that is hard to use and cost probably $ .50 to make is ridiculous .
 for $ 27 i thought it would at least come with SOME accessory - but nothing it is an empty box . No money holder do n't know what the other folks below are talking about . and no thermos/drink holder . pretty much worth $ 12 so i call it a rip-off .
 I ordered this lunch box off the image shown . In the second image you can clearly see that there is a flap that folds down . There are two of these boxes out there , one with the flap and one without . It is the one WITH the flap that I wanted , so I tripple checked the image to be sure it was the right one.The lunch box arrived over the weekend and it is the wrong one.I do have an email into the company to see what can be done and will ammend this review if the situation is corrected .
 Not only did our $ 25 dollar lunch kit not come with a water bottle the design have apparently been changed so it now has no strap , and no pocket for money . Big surprise it 's made in Unpronouncable City , China.The best part is I noticed the missing items AFTER giving it to my 4 year old daughter so I guess we are stuck with it.If this is the road thermos products are taking I will not be purchasing any more products from them.Ironically I found this item while browsing their website after watching a `` How it 's Made '' show about their vacuum thermos and thought I would check out what looked to be a quality first world manufactured product .
 I purchased the Scooby Doo Mystery Lunch Kit . The `` LUNCH KIT '' Did n't include the Thermos and Sandwich holder.It DID include the owners paperwork for the thermos . I am reading the Lunch Kit Care and Use section now . Thanks Amazon . It is very useful to send me the Instructions for the Thermos even though I dont have a Scooby Doo Thermos . I GOT RIPPED OFF !!!! There was a Scooby DOO Lunch box for $ 19.99 I was going to buy , But I bought this $ 27.00 `` LUNCH KIT '' So my kid would have the thermos and other accessories . WEll , I am sure no one cares , But I am done with AMAZON ! I will CC
 My 5 year old son loved it until he tried to unzip it . Does n't unzip around the curve . You have to really pulpit apart and yank it to get it open . Ca n't open and close it .
 Bought lunchbox set and when it arrived it came without little red snack pack . Sent it back after GREAT DIFFICULTY figuring out how to do so -LRB- getting a # & ^ & ^ * & ^ $ ** phone number was impossible -RRB- . Another was sent ... also without little red snack pack ! WHAT THE HECK . Great difficulty finding number again . Got through only to find out set does not come with little red snack pack . Get it together over there !!!
 I am unable to decide what the lunch kit means . I only received the box part . Even though I know that my son will love it , as a consumer I am very disappointed with the lack of details surrounding the product . I have learned my lesson .
 My six year old loves the product , thanks to Scooby Doo not Thermos . Returning a Scooby Doo item is not possible from our house right now and that forces me to vent with a review.As delivered the zipper would only open a few inches due to the arrangement of seams sewn on the inside . After some serious trimming I managed to make the zipper function . I find it difficult to imagine that the product was ever tested.The decision to place the zipper around one end of the case not around one of the large side panels may have saved a few cents on the zipper component , but it makes the case essentially uncleanable.Don ' t worry Thermos , I have no intention of forcing my daughter to be rational - until it is too late .
 Zipper broke within 6 weeks , had to replace it . . Other than that , son really loved it , just disappointed in the durability .
 I did get this coffee maker to work twice , but it was difficult to get it to turn on . I read the manual and then called a Black & Decker rep to make sure I was operating it correctly . She concluded that my unit was defective.Even without this defect , it has it 's shortcomings . The pieces were a bit difficult to snap together/pull apart when making coffee , therefore making it easy to spill the grounds during cleanup.The coffee was nice and hot , slightly more full-bodied than drip coffee , and not at all bitter , but not quite robust enough for me . I think this is due to the short brew time that the water stays up top with the coffee grounds . I like it to be about 4 minutes to fully extract the flavor , but this one only brews for a minute or two when making about 6 cups . I sent it back and got a Bodum Columbia french press , which I highly recommend if like robust European style coffee .
 I was in the market for a new coffeemaker and had decided on Bodum , when I read the good review Cook 's Illustrated gave this coffeemaker . For $ 30 less , similar design , hotter coffee and better reviews the VB100 seemed the smarter option . Wrong!What 's wrong with it ? Let me count the ways.It is advertised as being clear but only the bottom carafe is clear , the upper basket is an opaque milky white , not unattractive but it does n't allow you to see the action . You have to use a LOT of pressure to seal the upper basket with the lower carafe , and I 'm no weakling . It 's awkward and not as easy as one would think . It wo n't work if the seal is off as I found out a couple of mornings when I wandered in bleary eyed for that first morning cup . It unseals more easily but you still must carefully negotiate the separation otherwise the basket cover goes one way and the grounds another . Twice , both times on the automatic setting , the brewed coffee remained in the basket and did not flow down . I 'm still not sure why . I tried different coffee grinds but it still happened . The VB100 uses way too much coffee for an uninteresting cup of coffee . I like full-bodied coffees , generally a blend of columbian and french roast with maybe a little espresso thrown in but the brewed coffee was consistently too light with little body.I 'm am an avid coffee drinker . I own drip , perc , espresso pots and a few others , this made the worst coffee hands down and I tried different roasts and and different grinds , it made no difference.When all you want is a good cup of coffee in the morning this was just too much work for too little return !
 I first came across this coffee maker in the pages of Cook 's Illustrated . They pointed it out as a best value in a review on vacuum coffee makers . Being both a coffee snob and a tightwad , I put it in the back of my mind as a possible future purchase.Ended up buying one for my Mom as a gift last year . Recently , when my ol' reliable model gave up the ghost , I decided it was time to put a VB100 in my kitchen.First , the good
 I bought this after reading about it in America 's Test Kitchen magazine -LRB- ATK -RRB- , they rated it excellent in flavor and overall coffee made but warned about tricky cleaning . I do n't mind cleaning it since I use a French press now and it 's no worse to clean . I am something of a coffee snob I guess , I have even read the alt.coffee FAQ when searching for ultimate espresso machine under $ 1000 -LRB- the Starbuck 's Barista -RRB- . I use fresh Garuda Blend beans from Peet 's Coffee and Tea -LRB- best in US hands down -RRB- . Sadly this machine makes very weak coffee . I tried different grinds -LRB- using my Ranclio Rocky -RRB- and different ratios of water to beans and could never get coffee as strong and thick as I can with my plain old Krups drip , let alone the french press . The strainer is so fine almost no grinds at all end up in bottom of cup , just a bit of mud . Perhaps because of that and the short brew/contact time , the coffee has very little color and it appears very thin . I was looking forward to this admirably techy gadget but overall I was really let down . ATK 's review is way off , the coffee is weaker than a plain drip . Also it has very little aroma , and no crema all all . Using it was a waste of good beans.Only truly redeeming feature is that it gets to proper water temperature , which most coffee makers do n't . Seriously hot , you will need to wait 5-10 minutes in your cup until it 's cool or else major burns in mouth result . This should make better tasting coffee but overall it does n't help , but if anyone immoral wants to try and spill brew on their lap to create scalding burns and then sue Black and Decker later , then this might be for you . -LRB- joking of course , do not try this at home -RRB-
 I returned the previous unit because the coffee was not hot enough -- only 180 degrees . The new unit -LRB- which arrived very promptly -RRB- only heated the coffee to 175 degrees . Also , the on-off switch was defective , since it did not toggle cleanly between `` on '' and `` off '' and the indicator light did not turn on when it was brewing . I was -LRB- somewhat -RRB- willing to try a third time , but customer service tells me the problems with this model are widespread .
 Not the prettiest coffee maker in the world , but my wife seems to enjoy the coffee 's flavor.My two gripes : In order to get to the desired coffee strength , I have had to increase the amount of coffee , as compared with the old coffee maker.Also want to add that this thing is a pain to clean .
 I ordered this coffee maker after reading the Cook 's Illustrated review . I had been dissatisfied with drip coffee makers because they did not heat the coffee hot enough , and Cook 's Illustrated said this machine heated the coffee to 203 degrees . I used the machine twice , and the coffee was barely 180 degrees , which is not hot enough to extract the full flavor from the beans . I also though the coffee was not as strong as I would prefer , although I did n't use it enough to experiment with various amounts of ground coffee . I sent it back for a replacement.By the way , the previous reviewer apparently had a defective unit . There was no need to twist the pot on the base to engage the electrical connection . I do agree with the reviewers who said that it is easy to make a mess with the grounds when taking the unit apart for cleaning .
 I had high hopes for this coffee maker . The coffee is flavorful and smooth but way too hot . I only have one mug -LRB- about 2 cups -RRB- every morning and I thought the warmer plate was overheating the coffee . But when I doubled the amount the coffee was still WAY TOO HOT . -LRB- I think the brewer heats the coffee to almost boiling . -RRB- I have to put a spoon in my mug for five minutes before I can drink it.I am going to see if Amazon can refund my money on this one .
 The title is a more accurate description of this item . It worked fine for a short time then got noisier and had to be backed up with a hand operated opener . The knife sharpener is simply a fixed stone . The bottle opener must be operated by first tilting entire unit backward as it wo n't accommodate tall bottles . Cheap and ineffective .
 This is a cheap product ... Not `` inexpensive '' It is very difficult to use
 I wrestled with my Black & Decker can opener for almost 2 years ! I would have to place a can 3 or 4 times before it would hook on there right ! It only got worse over time and then one day fell all apart on my counter and died . It was not the exact model shown here , but it was the same brand and price . I think a nice hand cranker might have been better , and it would n't take any space . Maybe it was a fluke that mine was such junk , but I 'm keeping my expectations low in the future .
 I bought this a while ago and it worked great for a couple of months . After that it has totally stopped working . the can gripping mechanism has some what come loose and it can no longer grip the can to open it . Currently , its a worthless piece of junk in my kitchen .
 I bought this a while ago and it worked great for a couple of months . After that it has totally stopped working . the can gripping mechanism has some what come loose and it can no longer grip the can to open it . Currently , its a worthless piece of junk in my kitchen .
 I had purchased this in the past and been satisfied , but this time when I purchased it from Small Appliance , it smelled terrible , almost like a dead animal , like the odor when you walk past roadkill . I have no idea why , but it was definitely the new filter as when I put the old filter back in the smell stopped . It was entirely nauseating , and obviously makes the filter unusable . In addition , Small Appliance refused to offer any help , and told me I needed to have returned it within 7 days . I never realized I had to test out my filter so quickly in case it stank ! That 's not something you 're supposed to have to worry about with an air filter . Needless to say , I 'm very disappointed in both Amazon and Small Appliance for their failure to help with this problem , and I will not be likely to buy anything from Small Appliance again , or to purchase this filter online again from Amazon .
 I did a little research on woks and finally decided on this one . Right out of the box , the handle had large cracks on each side . Put it back in the box taped it up and sent it back for refund.I went with this one because it was fairly thick , and seemed like a good buy , but i 'm a bit skeptical of the handle quality .
 It seems everyone loves this wok , but I did n't have a very good experience with it . I have cleaned and seasoned carbon steel pans in the past , so I know how to do it . But , the factory coating that came on this one was impossible to remove completely . I thought I had it cleaned off , after following the directions and scrubbing and scrubbing . However , the first time I cooked with it , the places where it simply would n't come off burned and turned sticky . I ended up giving it away .
 Unfortunately I was never able to use this product . I received the wok in March and seasoned it according to the directions so that it would be ready for the first use . I put it away and when I went to use it the first time I was shocked to see that the item had rusted :-LRB- . Unfortunately by the time I discovered this the time to return or exchange had already expired . Sooooo disappointing .
 This wok arrived with poorly fitted handle , which was not riveted properly . As a result it shakes , and is nearly unusable . It was given as a gift , so it was not inspected prior to the 30 day return notice , so now I am stuck with a worthless $ 40 wok . I would NOT BUY this item again , and due to the return policy I would advise against buying items such as this from Amazon , since the quality can not be first inspected or trusted .
 Beautiful pot except not very useful . I have seasoned this pot at least 5 times now but it still rusts . Veggies become black .
 After boiling water in this wok for an hour -LRB- twice -RRB- & scrubbing , I still could not remove the factory coating . Plan B is to buy lacquer thinner !
 We bought this wok at end of May because of the positive reviews and the relatively low price . Before this we had a Teflon wok but my wife did not like the fact that the Teflon lining flaked -LRB- and likely became part of the meals -RRB- and eventually threw it away . When the Joyce Chen wok arrived , we spend time prepping it as instructed . Even at that point it felt like our wok had a hot spot . When we first used the pan to prepare fried rice , it was clear that the pan had a hot spot and food tended to stick to that area . But the rest of the wok also had mild stickiness issues with the rice . But the worse part of the experience was that the prepared food had a mild but noticeable metallic taste to it . The longer the food sat in the pan , the worse the metallic taste . We tried the wok perhaps 4-5 times on and off but always with the same issues noted above , even though we would go through the after-cooking wok re-seasoning instructions every time . So now we have stopped using it altogether . For now we are using a regular stainless steel pot -LRB- with its own stickiness issues -RRB- until we find a good wok replacement . Almost makes you wish you 'd gone for one of the higher end woks , as now we 'll be spending almost `` double '' to get the right wok .
 Before you buy , realize this wok comes w / a factory lacquer that is very difficult to remove . I followed their instructions , and could not remove the protective coating.I had to take it into my restaurant and alternate boiling water in it and scrubbing w / steel wool and heavy abrasive cleaner . I 'm not sure if I managed to remove it because it has n't seasoned properly , but I figure if the coating has n't come off by now , it 's not coming off in my food . I would advise against purchasing this wok .
 Seasoned the new wok as per directions and used the wok once . Theinside did great . Washed it with plain water and a sponge , driedit with paper towels , and put it on the heat for some minutes -- thenwiped the inside with a little oil andhung it on the wall . The whole outside of the wok has rusted . I intend to discard it .
 Pros , Generous size ; Flat bottom , no need for a wok stand ; No coating chemical after initial cleanup.Cons , Uneven heating , one has to constantly stir to avoid burnt spots -- stressful ! Also melted my spatula rated for 500 + Fahrenheit.Rust very easily . Keep it oily and only clean with detergent once in a while , which is something I 'm uncomfortable with.It 's tedious to remove the coating before the first use , as described by other reviews .
 I seasoned the wok as per instructions , and during the seasoning process ut started to peel in some areas . \
 I am not a professional cook but I cook for my family everyday and I do a lot of stir frys . Despite following the directions to season this pan , it developed uneven coloring and blotchy dark spots on the inside - multiple seasonings did not correct this.It has several hot spots and I have gotten used to managing around this , but I would have paid more for a pre-seasoned wok if I had known .
 When I received the wok , I seasoned it as instructed . The wok burnt and looked really bad before even using it . Planning to return it if possible . Not good !
 I would not recommend this one to others.It is too heavy itself and if you have a big fish or a lot of meat in the pan , it is kind of hardly to use just one hand to hold up.Also , although my husband spent 3 hours seasoning it , the result is still unsatisfying . Now , every time after I use it , it is a little smelly and there is black/brown stains left in the bottom of pan . Kind of annoying and disgusting .
 I seasoned the wok according to the directions included with the wok , but it rusted after first use . Tried cleaning and reseasoning , but that ship has sailed . Into the trash it goes !
 After I seasoned it , the interior bottom became ugly dark brown color . Now I am not sure if I will use it at all .
 do n't buy this wok . It tastes like you are eating metal when you cook cabbage with tomatoes . i ended up returning the second wok
 I received this flatware set today and opened it to find it matched my fiesta heather plates perfectly , but was not dark like fiesta plum dishes are . There were also some sharp metal edges peaking out from the end caps near the base of a spoon and a fork . I have 5 other colors of this type of flatware that match the stated color perfectly - so I will try another order in case these ones were just marked wrong . If they arrive without the sharp edges , I 'll live with the shade problem if it 's still apparent .
 Mine lasted 3 years with little use . After about 2 years , the heating element would kick in and out randomly -LRB- you can hear a strange noise -RRB- . Now when the door is opened it trips the breaker , and I have to goto the basement to switch it back on . Pretty bad considering the previous microwave lasted 8 + years , and the one before 8 + years .
 I loved this product for the first two months . Then while a friend cleaned it , they cracked the thermal lining . You ca n't buy a replacement in a store . It took FOUR MONTHS for the company to send a new one . FOUR MONTHS . Last week the `` on '' light would go on , but it did not brew . It has effectively died . What a total disappointment .
 I had this coffee maker for about a year and loved it at first ! It kept the coffee hot and was convenient . After about a month or so I kept smelling a hint of a moldy smell and could n't figure out what it was from . Dark things started showing up in my coffee and I dismissed it as coffee grounds . When I had it for about 10 months my father actually realized the smell was coming from the lid and we broke the lid open - inside the lid was literally covered in slimey mold . It was gross ! I do n't recommend this coffee maker at all . The lid is made so the coffee goes through the center - but the lid is n't sealed properly.A couple of friends and family had difficulty with getting the lid on - one flooded my countertop because it was n't set up properly . It ended up being not very user friendly.On the other hand - I do recommend a thermal carafe for people that drink coffee over the course of hours and those with little kids -LRB- the carafe stays cool and there is no burner to burn little fingers -RRB- . My recommendation is Mr. Coffee 's thermal carafe coffee maker .
 Coffee is not hot at brewing and becomes luke warm almost instantly . The lid is very hard to twist off after brewing . Way over priced just to have warm coffee .
 This coffee maker leaked all over my counter almost every other time I used it . I investigated the problem and tried positioning it differently , screwing the top on more or less , and it still leaked . If the top is left unscrewed almost all the way , the plungers are depressed far enough for the coffee to go in , but then you ca n't get the carafe out . What a pain .
 This coffeemaker worked like a dream for about a month . Then suddenly it starting steaming like crazy every time water was put in , and the steam got so intense it took the words `` Black and Decker thermal Select '' right off the front compartment that houses the filter . It 's as though the water was being boiled and turned into steam before it ever got a chance to drip down through the grounds and into the carafe . Out of 8 cups of water put into the water chamber , about a teaspoonful of water dripped down into the filter . It was all boiled away by the machine . If I could find the warranty or product information anywhere , I 'd demand my money back . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This machine made good coffee , and the coffee stays warm for hours -LRB- to get the best results , rinse carafe with hot water before brewing -RRB- . However , after a few weeks , I could hear swishing that meant liquid had leaked from the glass lining inside of the carafe into the space between the glass and the plastic shell . No way to get it out . Soon after that , liquid started leaking out of the bottom of the carafe . Also , I found the lid very hard to keep clean . Coffee would get inside the lid and the only way I could get it out was to shake the lid - hard - repeatedly - to get the coffee to come out from the tiny holes .
 We have followed all the manufacturer 's instructions and there is a distinct rubber flavor to the brewed coffee.Terrible .
 Water somehow accumulates between the outside metallic cover of the carafe and the inner glass liner . It leaks out the seam at the bottom . Someone else reported the same problem . The coffee maker works fine for me except for this .
 We may have received a defective unit . But the coffee comes out barely above luke warm , then within a couple of hours becomes cold in the carafe . It is also easy to not place the carafe firmly into the station . In that case the coffee goes everywhere but the carafe . We had an old Black and Decker carafe coffee maker for around 12 years that worked like a dream , coffee came out piping hot and stayed that way . That is why we bought the same make .
 Yes , this model Black & Decker makes good coffee , and it keeps it hot for a while on the table , but ... We got the product cheap because it 's discontinued . We found , as other reviewers have said , it 's all too easy to have an overflow issue -- you need to be super careful about placing the carafe precisely on its seat . Plus a little coffee leaks into the space between the glass bottle and the vinyl casing . Then eventually it leaks out the bottom of the casing . It looks like you could remove the bottom cover -LRB- big slot in the middle -RRB- , but I tried and could n't budge it -LRB- there 's a warning not to do that ! -RRB- . We 're holding on to this thing until we get our money 's worth , but will think twice before buying B&D again .
 We purchased this coffee maker , hoping that we would actually be able to have a hot cup of coffee . Unfortunately , it does n't ever make the coffee hot . Even when we tried using hot water , we still get a lukewarm product . We never got totrying the clock or programming features because it just did n't last long enough to bother with that . Make your own decision .
 What ever happened to Black and Decker ? They used to have the best coffeemakers , especially Model TCM 413 ... we literally wore that puppy out . This new model is a real piece of work ... floods the countertop it you look at it the wrong way . We may be senior citizens , but we 're not stupid . This pot is a disaster and not worth the price . In fact , at Christmas it sold for $ 19.99 on black Friday , and I 'd say that was about $ 15 too much . Anyone have a TCM 413 ? I 'd pay big bucks ...
 First of all the lid mechanism is stupid ! The coffee is supposed to flow into the pot around the sides of it , but it never does ! The first time I used it I tightened the lid so after the coffee was made it would stay hot . I 'm sitting there in my living room watching TV for about 10 minutes . The coffee maker made the steaming sound when it was done , like all coffee makers . I get up and walk into the kitchen and OH MY GOD ! HOLY S *** ! Coffee all over my counter dripping on the floor . Not a drop in the pot . After I cleaned up the mess I tried it again . This time with the lid completly off . I sat it on the counter and walked into the living room . After 10 minutes I heard the steaming sound and could smell the fresh coffee . I get up and walk into the kitchen . `` SON OF A B **** ! GOD D ***** ! '' Again , coffee and grounds all over the counter and floor . This time it flowed out of the compartment that holds the coffee grounds . Just because I did n't have the lid on which activates the hole to open and allow the coffee to drip into the pot ! I 'm used to the old glass drip makers . And thats what i 'm sticking with . I took this one back to K-Marts and exchanged for a * NORMAL * Mr. Coffee . Also , The pot was very small and NO WAY did it hold 8 cups . Maybe 6 . - BIG CINDY
 Ever wonder why you had to keep refilling your B&D Thermal Select Plus coffee maker ? Because it only holds 6 cups instead of the 8 as advertised . Do n't believe me ? Simply measure it yourself . There is a slot in the back of the device that prevents no more than 6 cups . Once filled , the afixed measuring device on the left side reads 8 cups . Pretty sneaky , huh ? Incidentally the carafe only hold 6 cups as well . SHAME ON YOU , Black & Decker !!!
 I purchased this item , because I love how a thermal pot keeps the coffee hot and sealed from the air . Keeping coffee on a burner makes it scummy and the air makes it bitter.This item did pass muster on both of those requirements . However , having worked food service for most of my life , I was seriously disappointed with this carafe . The top is drippy and lets out too much heat . Two hours is not impressive , the old cafe flip tops do a better job than this thing did . Also , if you have hard water this unit wo n't last long.Two friends of mine had the same thing , all three of us ended up throwing them away!This model is one of the worst I ever owned . *** If you are looking for an excellent coffee maker with an impressive carafe do yourself a favor and get a Bunn home unit pour thru with the carafe . It makes the best coffee in two minutes and the carafe will hold for up to 8 hrs . Keeps it good and HOT for at least four . As I mentioned , hard water - well water in fact , and that Bunn is still going strong after 2 years . Many of the makers we have had did n't make it 2 months . A little pricey but worth it !
 I love the handy features on this coffee maker -LRB- programmable timer and thermal carafe -RRB- , but this machine 's been a problem ever since my thoughtful husband gave it to me as a birthday gift a year-and-a-half ago . The coffee was n't great from the start , but I decided to keep the thing because I did n't want to hurt my hubbie 's feelings . Soon after purchase , the carafe began leaking and has never stopped . I always have to pour the coffee over the sink so as not to make a mess on the counter , and there 's constantly a puddle underneath the carafe in the machine . Now , I 'm finally getting around to looking for a replacement carafe and ca n't find one . After reading all the other negative reviews here -LRB- the moldy lid problem really disgusts me -RRB- , I think I 'll invest in a newer , better maker altogether . I hope my husband understands ! ; -RRB-
 We purchased a B&D Thermal coffee pot -LRB- TCM508 -RRB- about 1 year ago . The first one lasted about 2 months before the electrical connections in the base failed and the carafe leaked between the liner and the casing . I wrote B&D explaining the problem and how most baby boomers associate the Black & Decker name with a quality product . The only power tools you would find in my dads possession would have that famous B&D logo . With this in mind we figured that the quality that was long famous would carry over to their appliances , well lem me tell ya that ship sailed before it left port . Anyway , back to the story , they sent me a `` replacement '' . The replacement had a white carafe instead of a chrome one , other than that it was the same . Boy was it ever . The good news is that the electrical problem was gone but the same old leaky carafe was still there . I wrote them and told them about the new problem but have never heard back . I noticed that the second coffeemaker was a TCM500 , not a TCM508 . I still had the first carafe , which I guess I did n't throw far enough . I put both carafe 's side by side and noticed that the seating surface 's where the lid screws onto looked like a dried riverbed , a lot of cracks , which explains the leaks . I guess you can attribute the failure to poor engineering and design . Oh yeah , lets throw in cheap materials . I for one will boil water & coffee grinds over a campfire before putting any more money into Mr Bleak & Decrepit 's pockets . My Grandfather used to say , `` Quality is like buying oats . You can spend a little extra money and get the oats out of the bag or few a few dollars less you can the the oats that already have passed through the horse '' .
 These carafes are crap ! We bought the coffee maker for our office 3 months ago , and since then , the glass on the inside of our original carafe imploded while washing it out . We then bought a replacement carafe -LRB- for $ 24 -RRB- that we no longer have - the replacement imploded too . I 'm all set with losing an eye while doing the dishes . I 'm buying a new coffee maker altogether .
 No matter how careful we are , the coffee maker frequently `` floods '' the kitchen with partially brewed coffee and hot water all over the place.It seems like the brew thru lid mechanism is too sensitive to lid tightening , carafe placement , etc.Never again !
 We had two of these and both produced unpredictable results . The broil setting would often broil full-on or cycle off and on turning a broiling attempt into a baking . Also there is only one level to put the wire rack on so when toasting the top toasts well but the bottom is either undercooked or burned near to the heating coils . Putting an item inside with a aluminum foil cover would often make the unit cycle on and off every few seconds with annoying loud clicks probably due to the reflected heat from the foil . Cooking times became unpredictable due to the weird cycling on/off making the oven useless for following cooking times in recipes .
 First oven received
 This is the worst toaster oven we have ever owned . It can not start again after making the first batch of toast due to a poorly designed toast start button . I suspect the start button is an electronic control which you have to depress just right or it refuses to start on the first batch . After you make the first batch you have to wait until the stupid thing cools down again in order to get the start button to work . Electronic start buttons - which appear on all their new models are not designed properly - the heat temperature is set too low , so even when you cool the toaster down for five minutes the start button still thinks you 're trying to restart the last batch . Also the dark toaster setting is the minimum you have to set it at to get barely brown toast . Stay away from Black & Decker since their toasters share the same start button design/temperature toast control .
 The only thing worse than a toaster oven that breaks after 3 months is a toaster oven that breaks the day after exchanging for a new one . In fact , the only way this shrapnel could be worse is if they painted it flourescent-green and plastered it violently with Smurf stickers . Do not buy this man ! Just run away.On a positive note , if you do have one and your `` warranty '' has run out , there are some alternative uses : - Blunt weapon - Dollhouse - Cat jail - Catbox protector -LRB- The racks are practically designed for clumping cat litter -RRB- . - Hamster coffin . -LRB- This is the only model reccomended for mass burials , as it is quite spacious and can accomodate double-digits -RRB- . - Refridgerator - Step-ladder - Noise-maker - Dress it up as your favorite superhero and launch it down the street while reciting aloud well-known lines from that same superhero.That 's all . Nothing good can come of this . Take care and always read the reviews FIRST !!!! - Lester
 I purchased the Beeswax candles because of the longer burning time . When the candle burned down and I started to replace it I found the the inside of the UCO Candle Lantern was totally fouled up with the bees wax . It took me almost an hour the get all of the wax out of the lantern . I will not put another bees wax candle in my lantern . I burned one without the lantern and was very disapointed . It gave out very little light and now I have to clean up the stickey wax out of and off of my candle holder.How do I give it a 1/2 star ?
 These candles do n't work ! They have a very small flame -LRB- on the verge of going out -RRB- , do not stay lit as they go out due to wax melt or wind , and give off no warmth . Do n't buy them . The 9 hour candles work very well . I have used the 9 hour candles for years and for winter camping in my tent . The 9 hr ones give off light , have a nice flame , give off warmth , and I 've never had to worry about them going out . The 15 hr Beeswax candles are a major disappointment for me .
 Seriously . These things look like a trio of beeswax dildos . So goofy , I bet plenty of stay at home moms buy these .
 I bought these for the longer burn time but unfortunately they do n't seem to feed up through the candle tube very well . You end up with a very small flame that can go out very easily . I can open up the candle and manually push it up the tube to get a nice large flame again but that pretty much negates one of the major benefits of having the UCO lantern in the first place . If I am doing something wrong and there is a better way to have these work correctly please let me know because I like the smell of these and prefer a longer burn time . In the mean time I will go back to the 9 hour paraffin candles because those work great and feed up through the tube fine and so maintain a nice large flame .
 Not the best beeswax candle have ever owned . It is suited as a lantern but does not burn 12 hours . use it to heat tea on a camping trip . I did not use it that way but now I find out that is basically what this product is made for . I was going for the scent of beeswax and air toxin cleaner that it is known for but the scent was mediocre to poor . Thanks for nothing .
 I bought this for my mom after viewing it on Amazon together , thinking that it is a trusted name brand -LRB- Black and Decker -RRB- and it looked really cute , and had a great review . But , after using it , realized that it was n't as good as we thought . The plastic looked cheaper than some other brands , which verified why there was a plastic smell and taste in the water -LRB- this would be my main concern in purchasing an electric kettle -RRB- . My mom did n't want to deal with all the trouble of returning it . She 's hoping that the taste and smell of plastic would eventually go away -LRB- which I doubt -RRB- . I would recommend a similar style -LRB- in white -RRB- from -LSB- brand name -RSB- that I currently own . It is great ! Buy the right one the first time around , instead of regreting it afterwards .
 I loved this electric kettle when I first got it . Looks stylish , heats water relatively fast , easy to use , etc. . But it recently went kaput , after about a year . The connection started to be on sometimes , off sometimes , and now just OFF.For what I paid it should last longer than that . Very disappointed in the quality . I will definitely buy another kettle , but not a black and decker .
 Very disappointed in Black and Decker products . The latest is this blender . It was replaced once under warranty due to leaking . The replacement was fine for approximately 1-1/2 years and now leaks from the bottom unbelievably . All parts are tightened properly before attaching to the blender . The motor also labors hard . Consumer Reports is wrong on this one !
 I got this item as a wedding gift and the first time we tried to use it the whole bottom of the blender leaked margeritta mix all over our kitchen . Please do not buy this model ! We could n't return it either because we never received the gift reciept .
 Did well while it lasted but died after 2 years of occasional use . Simply not though enought if you needed it to deal with ice .
 Two big complaints :1 . The blade sucks - gets cracked and twisted in no time2 . There 's this smell of burning plastic when I run it for more than ~ 10-15 seconds . I doubt this is normal .
 Within two months of purchase and very liitle use the Black & Decker BL600B blender started to emit a burning smell and smoke began to appear . It was unuseable at this point , I would not recommend it at all .
 I got this blender some months ago from Amazon.com . It worked for just a few times and then stopped . Because it was still in guarantee time , I called Black & Decker customer service and they asked me to cut the cord , send to them together with -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- check . I followed their instruction and waiting for 2 months but still receive nothing from them though they already cashed my check . After several calls with them and listening to their lies , they told me to go to report to police about the lost of the blender ! How stupid and careless Black & Decker is ! I swear to God that I never use Black Decker again !
 I bought this blender based on these glowing reviews and I have been very disappointed . We use it nearly every day to make smoothies . Initially it was a strong , good blender but after less than 6 months it has lost much power , and it smokes and makes the whole house smell of a tired motor . My sister bought the same blender and has had the exact same experience -LRB- and she uses hers much less frequently . -RRB- I am already thinking of buying yet another new one , It goes to show that for a truly good blender , you must invest more than $ 30 .
 I bought one of the B&D BL600 ProBlender approximately 2 months ago . It works pretty good for blending but mine will not turn off soemtimes when you push the off button . The blender turns on when you 're not even in the same room with it . The plastic around the blade is melted away some , I 'm not for sure why . I do not leave it plugged in when I am not using it . I would like to get another one but I am afraid that I will have the same problems .
 The Black and Decker Company Should be ashamed of having their name on this blender . After sitting unused for over 2 years , we got it out when our KitchenAid blender failed . It worked the first time , but the second time we tried to use it , it was completely dead . Of course , it 's well over the warranty period . If there are still any of them out there for sale , please strongly consider not purchasing one .
 The reason I bought this blender is because it was a good price and a name brand.From the first time I plugged it in , I could smell burning rubber every time it ran , regardless of what I was mixing.On the plus side , it seemed to do the trick in a pinch , although I have n't tried anything as demanding as ice cubes.Eventually , I got rid of this blender in place of a more expensive model , not because it broke , but because I was tired of using something so shoddily made .
 I bought this blender 3 months back and hardly used 10-20 times . Then on one fine day , suddenly the blade stops turning even though you can hear the motor running . Looks like there is nothing wrong with the base or the motor , it would never do its job of grinding or blending . I didnt expect Black and Decker product would fail soo early.I bought the hand blender too from them and its the same story with it as well . Motor stopped working , with no prior indications . DONT BUY THIS EVEN IF YOU GET IT CHEAPER .
 When I received this blender , it was loud and smelled like burning plastic . I hoped the burning plastic smell would go away , and I just figured it was a naturally noisy -LRB- really , really noisy -RRB- appliance . Unfortunately , by the time I figured out that it was actually DEFECTIVE ... -LRB- The hard plastic gear thing that does the spinning - the part on the base - is misaligned on its axis , so it chatters and rubs on the mating gear on the bottom of the jar . Noise , burning plastic smell . -RRB- But , once I figured this out , it was too late to return it , so Amazon referred me to Black & Decker . They have been anything but helpful . From the moment I first contacted them about getting this fixed , I 've been referred to a different phone number FIVE TIMES - then finally told they were going to have to call me back . They never did . So , I 'm a bit miffed with them right now , and I 'm not exactly happy that Amazon has done nothing to help me out with this either . Moral of the story
 I have used this blender for three months , making fruit smoothies three or four times a week . It simply crushed and blended a mixture of fruit , liquid , and ice cubes . It worked fine until the blades broke out of the base of the pitcher . The blades are mounted in a plastic plate , which is fastened to the base of the glass pitcher . That plastic plate snapped clean from the pitcher . The motor still works fine .
 I 've bought two . One , as a gift , several months ago , and -LRB- so far -RRB- it 's still working . I needed a new blender , and ordered this . Plugged it in , turned it on , nothing . Not even smoke . Fortunately , Amazon is great on returns like this . I 'd be curious about how many they 've had shipped back . Got ta cost 'em .
 I bought this one , weared off the parts very easyly and also the parts are not eaayly available . Blades are twisted with 3 months use . and the burning smell is coming now . So better try to get good one .
 If you believe you get what you pay for , then you may wish to consider spending a little more money for a blender.I was compelled by the price of the BL600B . The construction is chintzy to say the least . I admit , I also choose it for the color . There are not too many blenders out there available in black.But , now I 'm going to do my homework and shop for another blender.I 'm really dissappointed with the B&D unit . The blade assembly binds up that results in requiring to dump the contains and start all over . Besides being an inconvenience , I 've wasted a lot of food!The only thing I 've used it for is to blend healthy shakes that consist of milk and some powder.My suggestion is pass on this one and spend a little more money and purchase a higher quality blender .
 I 'm really not sure how this blender received such a high rating . As soon as I took it out of the box , I realized that the purchase was a mistake . Very low quality ! The first time , and every time after that , it smelled as though wires were burning inside . Less than five months , with little usage , and it is dead .
 I 've bought a few things from amazon and try to read the reviews to see what others think . But you always have those reviews that say 5 stars , best product I 've ever had , and those that say 1 star , horrible product . So you really just have to go with a gut feeling . But I 'm telling you now , if you 're reading this , not to buy this blender . My wife was using it to make baby food , and after about a month of using it , the motor burned out . We returned it to amazon and got a full refund , but we still are out a blender .
 Blender leaked and also noted the burning smell others reported . Not heavy usage , mostly pureeing soups and drinks . Discovered base ring is cracked . Emailed for replacement , no reply . Found parts site -LRB- Black & Decker sold the appliance division , so it is B&D name only -RRB- , ordered replacement . After weeks was told all parts are unavailable in all colors , buy a new blender is only option .
 This worked great for a few months . We were in smoothie heaven ! Then one day I was making a smoothie & ended up with a house full of smoke from the burned up motor ! I learned my lesson & will fork out the money for a better model .
 I got this model because Black & Decker has a reputation for solid products , and because it has an ice crusher . I make a protein shake with ice every weekday morning for breakfast , and after only 6 months , the upper blade fell off and the motor seized and started to smoke . I see I am not the only one to have the motor fail this way . I am very disappointed .
 I spent quite a bit of time researching blenders and the Black & Decker BL600B seemed to be one of the better ones despite the mixed reviews.I bought the blender on a Friday night used it to make a mango lassi -LRB- smoothie -RRB- . It worked pretty good for that.The next day came the real test . I tried to make some beet hummus -LRB- cooked beetroot , cooked chickpeas , yogurt , tahini , lime juice , vegetable stock and olive oil -RRB- . I loaded all the ingredients , with the soft beets first . After turning the machine on , the ingrediants did n't mix well , I tried the various speed and the motor started to slow , and after about 1 minute , started to smoke . So , I burned it out rather quickly.Maybe a blender can not handle making hummus . Most recipes say use a blender or food processor.Anyway , I took the machine back and I am now looking for a better blender .
 I bought this blender in September and it worked great until December . Mixing only milk and powder the black disk on the bottom bound to the gray blade disk and the kitchen counter was covered with small plastic pieces . I called customer service and they first said that this was a wear item and not covered by warranty and to send them $ 17 . I insisted that there should not be a failure due to wear and tear after only three months . They agreed to send out a replacement blade for free . There is something major wrong with this design that should be corrected.I would not get this again . Hope the blade comes soon .
 The first time we bought it , the motor stopped working after a week . We exchanged it . After three months , the plastic blade assembly starting falling apart . We ended up having plastic pieces in our food.When we called the customer service , they were not only rude but also less than helpful . They wanted us to pay $ 18 for the blade assembly plus shipping even though it was still under warranty.PIECE OF JUNK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NEVEY BUY THIS BRAND !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 ... but not in a good way . After 5 months of daily use the motor locked up , produced an evil smelling smoke and just died . Done in by a frozen banana .
 My husband and I finally , like everyone else here , decided to buy this blender and loved it ... for three months . After a short life of being used less than a dozen times the plastic plate holding the blade cracked enabling a big leak from the bottom of the container . I feel violated , like I have been robbed in broad daylight , but no one stops .
 I bought this blender in Best Buy for about $ 29 or so as a replacement to my Osterizer which was about 8 yrs old . My osterizer is not broken and I just bought this because of the good price and also I wanted something to match my other appliances in kitchen . I thought , I can forget buying a blender for atleast 5 years . Oh god , may be the quality of blenders is going down or something , this one stopped working with a burning smell in less than 6 months . I do n't recommend this one to anyone who is expecting durability out of this product .
 I bought this as a result of lots of good reviews . When I got the blender , I thought it was broken because it did n't change speeds -LRB- as determined by the noise not changing pitch -RRB- , regardless of which button was pushed . I called service , sent them the old power cord , and they were quick to send a replacement . When I got the replacement , IT STILL ONLY HAD ONE SPEED . OK , I put up with that . But , after only several months of light use , the motor burned out . I spliced the new cord to the original unit , and now that one is burning out too . This thing has always been NOISY to the point of being painful on the ears ; All conversation stops while the blender is running . One bad unit may have been a fluke , but two in a row ??? I really like to save money where I can , and hate to toss stuff in the trash , but I wasted good money on this one , and am sending it straight to the landfill .
 Got this product in September 2004 - used it occasionally about once a week - guess what , in a month , the motor burned out.This has never happened with any blender I have owned before.Definitely not recommended .
 Hi , I recieved one of these blenders as a gift . When I got it the off button would not work , I would have to guess how well blended the contents of the blender were and unplug it manually . Naturally , I got fed up doing this and sent my blender back to the company as per their guarantee policy.Their customer services department has since ` moved ' and I 've not heard anything since . So I now have no blender and have not heard anything for over 3 months . I know for a fact that the unit was delivered correctly , I tracked it.Don ' t get robbed , DO N'T buy this product , it 's made me wary of all black and decker products .
 The price is great and the glass jar is great . The problem is that this blender just does not hold up if you are blending frozen drinks , such as Margaritas and Ice-Blended Mochas . After a year of blending an average of two of these drinks a week -LRB- just on weekends and one per person , mind you -RRB- the motor is burning out and the acrid smell of burned metal and plastic fills the air .
 Just as posted by others , the bottom under the glass portion leaks.Warranty is out 2 days ago , now have to pay for parts and shipping , very disappointing !
 I got this as a Christmas gift . Let me cover the pros really quick ... It makes waffles as well as any other waffle maker . There is a tiny spill over area , but if you 're a first timer at making waffles it wo n't matter . Now for the giant cons . The first is the single light on it . The single light indicates that it is warming up . Then it turns off when it is ready . A second light might have been good to tell people ITS HOOTTTTTTT !!!! Secondly , its tough to clean because the plates are not removable . You ca n't hold it under water and the waffle ooze gets everywhere.Now for the very dangerous part . The first set of waffles I made , one of the `` plastic neck bolts '' for lack of a better term broke and fell out . You can put it back in , but even if it is glued back together , the plastic is so thin and flimsy that it just breaks . The second set of waffles had the other `` plastic neck bolt '' broke and fell out . When both neck bolts have been broken the waffle iron can not hold itself open and it will either fall forward or backward . That seems very dangerous when you get something extremely hot that can fall forward or backward onto skin or your counter.Oh and finally , the UL certification sticker is not on this product and without it that leads me to believe that it was either never tested by Underwriter 's Laboratory non-for-profit testing or they tested it and it failed so they would n't put their certification sticker on it.Avoid this product . Imagine if your kids tried making waffles and both neck bolts fell out . I 'm surprised it costs $ 30
 We got this on 12/25/11 and by 12/31/11 the hinge had broken . We used it each morning for waffles during those days but 6 days and it 's completely broken is totally unacceptable . I expected more from Black & Decker . We 've returned it and will be purchasing a different brand .
 It has a lighted timer that supposedly shows when the waffle is done . Apparently at Black and Decker , `` done '' means blackened . It cooks the waffles way too dark . After using it only twice , the screws on both sides of the hinge just fell right off , and wo n't screw back in . I have never been more dissatisfied with an appliance .
 The price was great at $ 14.88 but the hinges broke on the very first use . Do not buy this product ! Cheap in price and cheap in quality .
 Black and Decker used to have an excellent reputation , but this one appliance could ruin that for good ! Cooked some good waffles once , cleaned it , put it away . When I went to get it out for a second time , this evening , the hinge broke . Pieces literally fell out on the counter . We still used it as I had the batter made and , actually , the waffles turned out fine . But we 'll not be keeping it as one with a hinge that works is definitely preferable .
 The hinges break in pretty short order . A new set of cheap plastic hinges cost about $ 30 with shipping and handling . Might as well buy a new waffle maker.No way in hell would I recommend this cheap piece of junk to anyone . I would have given it zero stars if that was an option .
 First hinge pin broke after the second use . Second one broke after the third use . Looks like the head just shatters the plastic . Very poor design ! Waffles tend to stick unless you spray oil on both sides before pouring the batter each and every time . Do n't wast your money -- I 'm sorry I did .
 Unless the description of a Belgian Waffle has changed , this is a very poor example . The thin small indentations made by this unit make it more closely resemble a grill marked pancake .
 I would not recommend this waffle-maker . The lower handle provides a place for batter to ooze into , and it ca n't be cleaned out ! And you ca n't unscrew the screws to get at the area . The light timer makes dark waffles , not to my kids liking . I 'm ready to pull my old waffle maker out of the attic !
 Got two waffle makers for Christmas . -LRB- the list you know -RRB- Really liked this one because it looked nicer and the brand gave it the appearance of being more expensive . We kept the other one , as we like to make a bunch and freeze them , so two would work fine . Well we had a problem with this one right away , and my DH called B&D and they sent us a replacement . The replacement broke , guess where ? , at the hinge ! So we 've been using it for the last 6 + months like it is . Am currently shopping Amazon for a professional one like I saw at Costco .
 The cheap plastic hinges broke after 2 months normal use.Further , Amazon gives you the run-around trying to returnit .
 Worked fine for about 6 months and then the inner surface failed . I 'm not sure precisely what happened but some part of the surface coating wore off and now it 's impossible to make a waffle that does n't stick completely to the waffle iron . A complete waste of money !
 This waffle maker broke at the two hinge pins within one year of purchase . Parts are not available . Top is hinged to bottom with two small plastic caps that are poorly made at best . Unable to repair had to throw it out .
 This is the worst waffle maker I have ever owned !! I purchased it on 5/13/08 , paid $ 33.00 for it , and have been trying to make it work ever since . I just thought maybe it needed a break-in period , but I now know it is just a piece of junk.As per instructions , I am not to use spray oils , only liquid . OK , definitely inconvenient , but I did , and continue to do , as instructed . And the waffles stuck , and continue to stick , every single time unless we cook them so long they are nothing but a crunchy , broken , mess , and it is impossible to clean . I have tried different recipes and different cook times , all with the same result . This is just too much work for a waffle . I do not know what Black & Decker used for a surface , but it is horrible . I am frustrated every time I use it , and I ca n't believe with today 's technology they choose to make such an inferior product . There was a day when the Black & Decker name meant quality , but no longer . I absolutely detest spending money on a product that is bad , and I feel completely cheated by them for putting it out on the market . Plus , I am now angry over a stupid waffle maker . I did not even want to give it one star .
 If I could I would give this item 0 stars . It broke after one usage . If it actually did work I would n't buy it anyway . The plates are n't removable making it hard to clean .
 Why would anyone design a waffle maker that is hard to clean ? If you like spending your time picking waffle batter out of crevices with a toothpick then this is the waffle maker for you . You also have to remove the waffle before the light goes out or it will be overdone . I judge when I should open the lid by the amount of steam coming out but should I have to ? Do n't companies test their products before putting them into production ? I wo n't be buying anything by Black and Decker again .
 We have used this waffle maker twice since we purchased it . Both times the plastic hinges have broken . The warranty is through a 3rd party , not Amazon or Black & Decker . When we call to report it for the warranty , they are unwilling to refund or allow us to upgrade -LRB- and pay cost difference -RRB- . They simply send us 2 more plastic hinges.Spend the money and do n't buy this low grade waffle maker as it 's poor design .
 I made 4 waffles and the hinge broke . The waffles were great , but this thing obviously has issues with hinges breaking . I went to their parts website and the first parts to pop up were replcaement hinges for & 13.00 each . I will return this item and go purchase a commercial grade waffle maker . Quality costs . That is why this Black & Decker is so cheap . It has no quallity . The hinges were out of stock and on back order when I talked to Black & Decker about them . I wasted about a half hour on the phone waiting for Black & Decker to answer the phone . I wonder if Black & Decker has screwed up DEWALT tools , now that they own DEWALT now . ?????? do not buy this item !
 Hinges are plastic and literally fractured and fell out after TWO USES . Non-stick inner coating also showed signs of chipping and wear after TWO USES . Avoid this waffle maker . It appears that Black and Decker wasted all their money on the stainless steel exterior and went cheap on all the other components .
 Loved it the first few times . Quickly the plastic hinge pins both broke . I do n't recommend this one .
 I own this product but on choosing a waffle maker for my daughter , I did not consider purchasing another one . I have had it a year , using it about once a month . It sticks and the light does n't always work . It does make waffles but I will be purchasing a different one in the near furture .
 Made about 10 waffles decently , then something in the electrics died and it refuses to heat up any more . Waste of money , buy a better unit .
 The hinge pins broke on the second waffle . They sell no parts . Can not find a way to fix it . I figure that makes it about $ 15 per waffle until it is unsafe and a burn/electrical hazard . I should have avoided this but did not research first . Not many of us research a $ 30 item . DO NOT BUY unless you have money you do not want .
 Owned this poor quality waffle maker for a year . Used it 6 times . It burnt out this morning . Dead , Nada , Zippo!Avoid like the plague !
 I used one twice and hinges broke . Returned it . The same thing happened after one use . Junk !!!!!!!!! Not what Black and Decker used to be . So sad .
 The main problems with this waffle maker are that the hinges are very poorly made , the directions advise against using any kind of cooking spray -LRB- you must brush cooking oil onto the heating surface instead -RRB- , clean-up is difficult , and the heating elements do n't heat properly.I purchased this waffle maker in November 2011 -LRB- for Christmas -RRB- and began using it in January 2012 . One plastic hinge broke the very first time the appliance was used . The second hinge broke about two weeks later . It took TWO MONTHS to receive replacement hinges from Black and Decker , which is , of course , absurd . The waffle maker stood unused in the interim.After receiving the replacement hinges , we resumed using the waffle iron and attempted to make waffles three -- count them -- three frustrating times before realizing that our waffles were not baking properly because the entire lower element of the iron did not heat up!Black and Decker advised us to cut the plug off the unit and mail it to them -LRB- which I gleefully did , since it was useless anyway -RRB- and they sent a free replacement waffle maker . However , the replacement one does n't toast the waffles particularly well either . When we 're tired of the frustrations of having to oil it every time and clean out tons of crumbs afterwards , we 'll be buying another waffle maker from a different manufacturer !
 Bought in November 2011 . Last weekend -LRB- June 2012 -RRB- the hinge pins fell apart . This has been used less than 10 times . Would not recommend wasting your money on this .
 A complete piece of junk . The hinges , just like everyone else have broken twice . Returning for a refund as the replacement hinges broke after 2 uses .
 The hinges are made of plastic and broke the first time we used it , Christmas morning . And I agree with the other reviewer who mentioned the handle fills with batter and ca n't be cleaned .
 The left hinge broke after one use and the right hinge broke after 3 uses . I tried to superglue the pieces together but the plastic parts broke right off in my hand as I was trying to hold them together . This waffle maker makes tasty waffles but relying on the timer will result in dark waffles . This maker was a gift but we make waffles enough that I will spend the extra money to get a better made one .
 The hinge broke after a few uses . There are 2 flimsy hinge pins . The first hinge pin broke almost immediately . We continued to use the maker with remaining pin hinge although the lid was loose and did n't sit well . After a couple of months , the second hinge pin broke making the appliance useless .
 I got my waffle maker for Christmas as a gift . The quality of the finished waffle is fine . The clean-up is no harder than similar items around the house . It needs no spray or oil too releasae the waffle . The only thing bad is the cheap ... I mean really cheap hinge pieces . The hinge buttons broke after only a few uses . I intend to ask black a decker for replacements . I will see if they really stand by thier product . The waffle maker is useless without these buttons .
 Made great evenly cooked waffles , but we were greatly disappointed that the PLASTIC HINGE broke after about 3 uses . Save your money and buy one that is n't made of plastic for the key moving component .
 Hinges break after 2 to 3 uses . B & D should recall all waffle makers and discontinue such a faulty product
 The hinge broke almost immediately after purchase . There was no undue strain or stress on it , the plastic is simply poor quality . The many other negative reviews are correct , do not buy this product .
 It worked fine for a few months . Then one day we noticed that the top of the waffle was n't cooking . When we opened and closed the top the red light flickered on and off and you could hear electrical arcing in the hinge . We immediately unplugged it , cut the cord off and put it in the trash .
 I used it once & went to close it & it fell apart . the screws -LRB- ? -RRB- were made of plastic & one fell out broken & I tried to put it back holding it together & the otheer fell out , also broken . Package had been open when we received it , but my husband gave it to me anyway . B & D are usually good products .
 Dear Black and Decker people : Suggestion
 This waffle maker should n't even be on the market anymore . We bought it from a store and should have checked the reviews before buying . One of the two plastic hinges broke on the very first use -LRB- after the third waffle -RRB- . The second broke during the second use . Grand total
 I did n't get through a single batch of batter before the hinge pins popped out . They wo n't stay in at all now . Also , with the few waffles that I made with it ; the top of the waffles was always darker than the bottom . I know it is an inexpensive thing , but it should have lasted and performed much better than it did . Tomorrow it goes back to the store .
 Got this wafflemaker as a christmas gift from my kids ... . Made waffles for them Christmas day ... Waffle maker broke at the hinge ... very dangerous when hot and there is no working hinge ... contacted their warranty service who sent me new hinge pins ... NOW on January 30 made Sunday morning breakfast for the kids with my new hinge pins in the waffle maker ... Guess what !!!!!! It broke again ... Used it twice and it broke twice ... Black and Decker should be ashamed of itself to create such a shoddy product and Walmart should be held liable for selling them ... . Mine is going to the trash where it belongs ... I can not trust it with kids trying to make breakfast ... You can not imagine the damage this has done to my kids feelings of buying a Christmas gift for their dad and watching it break on the first use ... . B&D product ??? Never again ...
 Well it made good waffles , but one day the hinge pins broke . Black & Decker told me when I called that they do not sell replacement parts for it . I guess they want you to buy a new waffle maker , which I will . But you can bet it wo n't be Black & Decker . I do n't care if it 's just a waffle maker or if it 's a car , the company that sells a product must stand behind it or I 'm looking elsewhere . And that goes for Black & Decker drills , saws , and other tools as well . I 'm done with them .
 I received this waffle maker as a Christmas gift and the little plastic hinge/pin that holds the two heavy irons together broke the 3rd time I used it . I spent way too long on hold with the service dept. trying to get a replacement part ... I never got through to a human . It is going back to the store and we 're going to try something else .
 When I see the Black and Decker name , I think rugged , tough , and durable . I do n't think it 's something that 's going to fall apart doing the thing it was designed to do.And yet , that 's exactly what this waffle maker did for us.There was an upside - it made very tasty waffles . It made very tasty waffles twice , in fact ! Then the hinges cracked and fell off , rendering it unusable.We were n't throwing it around , mind you . Not playing catch with it or even trying to see who could smash more batter into it . Just trying to make plain old waffles , as we 've done with other waffle makers dozens of times before , and since.And yet , it broke . Not just a little broke , either . So broke that we could n't use it anymore . So broke that even MacGyver could n't have used it.So , yes , it makes waffles . It makes very good waffles . Twice . Then it 's done , and for the landfill . Our replacement waffle maker will be a different model.Black and Decker should stick to making power tools .
 This is the most disgusting item to get any repairs . It ca n't be taken back to the store you bought it from , ca n't be serviced , ca n't be sent back to the company . So what do you do . Just spend money and get no results . I have given this company one star rating and letting you know I am very dissatisfied with your product .
 Used the thing one time . Made about 3 waffles and the hinge broke on one side . Made a couple more and the other side broke . DO NOT BUY THIS THING ! Does n't even deserve one star really .
 Like others have said the pins that act as a hinge will break . Ours came broken . We asked for and received new pins under warranty . The pins went in ok but the 1st time we used it they both broke again .
 My hinge pin broke on one side during second use . I was still able to use to with caution , then within the year the second hinge pin broke , now unable to use . Seems to be a common problem !
 I use this every Sunday - the hinges broke after 5-6 uses . I will be buying the Waring Pro next .
 I owned a Cusinart Waffle Maker , and it bit the dust . Just stopped heating one day . So I went online and researched the best waffle makers , hoping to buy one I liked as much . Unfortunately , all the research was tossed out when , one waffle-craving day , I bought this model on sale at Wal-Mart . It in no way measures up to by beloved Cusinart . There is only one setting . The light comes on when the waffle is cooked to the machine 's satisfaction . Lifting the waffles out of the appliance is a skill I have not yet mastered , and the waffle breaks into four distinct wedges due to the deep crease dividing the plates . Also , this model has no cord wrap , making it somewhat clumsy to store . But at least I can have waffles now!PS -- I suggest Krusteaz waffle mix .
 USED 3 TIMES AND THE PLASTIC HINGE BROKE . EVERY PENNY WAS SAVED TO MAKE THIS PRODUCT ... METAL HINGES MUST BE TOO EXPENSIVE FOR BLACK AND DECKER ... I GOT WHAT I DESERVED FOR HAVING BRAND LOYALTY AND WILL RETHINK MY POSITION ON ALL BLACK AND DECKER PRODUCTSABSOLUTE GARBAGEDONT WASTE YOUR MONEY OR TIME ON THIS PRODUCT
 My husband bought this waffle maker for me this past christmas and after one use one of the hinges broke . After careful use the second hinge broke after only 3 or 4 uses . Makes good waffles but now I have to deal with trying to line up the two iron plates so it cooks evenly . We will be tossing this piece of junk . WASTE OF MONEY !!!!!
 I received this waffle maker as an xmas gift . Upon removing it from the box one of the hinge covers fell to the floor . Following the first use the second hinge cover came off . Only thing is they werent hing covers , they were the actual hinge . The two halves are held together by a 2 cent piece of plastic , complete crap . If you bought this at the dollar store you would be hard pressed to get your moneys worth . Avoid at all costs . My 2 yr old has kitchen toys that are put together better and are more durable . But atleast its made in the usa ... oh wait . I will never own a single black and decker product . EVER
 My mother bought this for me for Xmas and chose the B&D ; brand b/c back in her day that was a reliable brand -- apparently , not anymore more . We made waffles the day after Xmas and with the 1st waffle in the right hinge broke off . Undeterred , I continued to make a couple more waffles.It 's very easy to use but the instructions state you should let the waffles cook for 5 min . That 's too long , the waffles were too dark for our liking . After I pulled the last waffle off , the left sided hinge broke off ! Seriously , B&D ; what a piece of junk . We could n't stop laughing , it was too unbelievable . So back in the box it went and returned home w / my mother so she can return it . Sorry kids , looks like it 's back to frozen store bought waffles for you .
 After about ten times of using the waffle maker , the hinges broke . The waffles cook well , however , it is not much use if the top is not connected to the bottom . Will try to rig something to keep the two parts together .
 We bought this waffle maker at a sale after Thanksgiving . I loved it at first ! My waffle maker made nice waffles and my indicator light was working . Just recently my hinge pins broke . It is not safe to use anymore , as the lid will not stay up ! I have only used about 6 times . Very disappointed in this product !!!
 We really enjoyed this waffle maker - until it fell apart . Like some other owners experienced , the plastic hing broke after about 6 months of use . It does n't have any variable setting for cooking times , but we got pretty good at figuring out exactly when they were done . Maybe I 'll call B&D and see if they want to replace it ... with a power tool -LRB- something they are better at -RRB- .
 I bought this wafflemaker for around $ 15 at Walmart -LRB- and after my first batch returned it -RRB- . My husband always warns me about getting what you pay for . He was right . This waffle maker is a lightweight . Takes almost 5 minutes to make a waffle that is n't soggy and even then the outside is dark and the inside is still doughy . Depends on how you like your waffles of course . If you are looking for just a small step up from frozen waffles this will do but I want something tasty , crispy and fast . The professional grade series of wafflers that cook under 90 seconds is where I will be looking next .
 And has screws that can not be removed for a quick fix!So I 'm definitely NOT buying a B&D replacement !
 We purchased this waffle maker because of the price and its small size . We thought it would be easier to store in our cabinet . First of all , it has no temperature adjustment or timer . It has a light that goes on and off which is meaningless . You have to watch the steam to tell when it is done , which is generally inconsistant . It is supposed to make Belgian Waffles but in fact the waffles are thin and like standard waffles . The clean up is difficult . There are areas where the batter collects when it oozes out that are next to impossible to clean out . You have to try to work it out with a toothpic which takes forever . Lastly , the hinge broke . I found other reviews that mention the hinge problem as well . I was rather glad that it broke so I had a reason to toss this piece of junk in the trash . You get what you pay for . Shame on you Black & Decker .
 This waffle iron makes decent waffles , but the construction is unbelievably cheap . The hinge pins that keep the hinge together are constructed from cheap , brittle plastic . They break after a couple uses . Save yourself some headaches and get some other waffle iron . A waffle iron should be relatively trouble free as the design is rather simple , but Black and Decker managed to screw this one up anyway .
 Mine works great as far as the cooking part ... THAT part I love . Over a short span of time the no stick finish starts to lose its no stick . Okay spray coating works on that . THEN both hinges broke . I was able to find one and glue that together -LRB- cheap plastic -RRB- the other was in la la land somewhere so I ordered ONE hinge . the cost plus the shipping was almost as much as a whole new waffle maker . I used it once after putting in the new and glued one ... THE NEW ONE BROKE ! ... It had not been moved ! Knowing the fragileness of the hinges I babied it . I only went to move it so I could put it away and the new hinge popped out in two pieces . Waiting for the glue to dry now ... next time they break the whole thing goes in the trash and I will search for one with American made parts and hopefully metal hinges . You get what you pay for !
 I love making waffles and make them at least once a week . I used to have an older model Black & Decker waffle maker and when it died , I got a newer model . This model is such a disappointment ! I have purchased two of these newer models and had the same problem with both of them . While they make perfect waffles -LRB- cooked evenly and nice looking -RRB- , the hinges on the back broke on both of them after only a few uses.Since I had my other waffle maker for 15 + years , you can be assured that I am not overly hard on them . I am careful and take good care of them . However , this is just poor product design on the part of Black & Decker . The little plastic screw at the back that keeps the hinge together , just breaks off . I have read about others having the same problem so I know it 's just not me.I wish I had an older model still . I guess they just do n't make them like they used to . Do not waste your money on this product . Using it will make you come `` unhinged '' !
 I received the Black and Decker Belgian waffle Maker for Christmas 17 months ago . The unit makes large crispy waffles . I was satisfied with its performance after about 50 uses . I would have given it a 5 star review on this basis . Unfortunately the hinge that holds the top to the bottom of the unit broke . This occurred with careful handling and no abuse on my part . The hinge is a hollow piece of split plastic that is very cheaply made . A solid hinge would probably have been less expensive to fabricate and would have lasted a long time . I would not recommend this unit . Luckily a simple wire nut was nearly the same diameter and it is now my new hinge !
 I hesitate to give this product even one star . The hinges on this device are constructed so poorly that the hinges WILL break . When you look at the broken hinge , you will be amazed that any manufacturer would construct such a flimsy , brittle hinge . Black and Decker should pull this model off the market and redesign the hinges . It truly is a piece of trash .
 Our first hinge broke after about 4 months of use . We continued to use it until the second hinge broke 7 months later . Extremely poor design . Hot oil and fat comes out of the batter and gets on the plastic hinge . This weakens it , so it will eventually break . I would not expect this waffle maker to last more than a year .
 Used it ONE time and the hinge fell apart . The store we bought it from no longer sells them -LRB- I wonder why -RRB- so I ca n't return it . Total garbage piece of junk . Going to throw it away and do more research before I buy another one . Black and decker should be ashamed .
 I just purchased this waffle iron and I did n't even get to used it ! My family made waffles yesterday and the hinge broke with the first use . The hinge is made of a plastic that obviously does n't hold up . I chose this waffle iron because it looked similar to my old one that I had for over 25 years . I know that they do n't make things like they used to , but I expected it to last longer than 1 day . I do not recommend this waffle iron . I will be looking for something with a sturdier metal hinge .
 On the second or third use , the hinge pins broke . eReplacementParts wants just over $ 5 per pin , plus $ 6 shipping . $ 16 to repair a $ 25 -LRB- shop around ... -RRB- device ? As much as I hate throwing away a 95 % useful tool , these two little parts failing so quickly make repairing it a losing proposition.It made fine waffles , though .
 I received this waffle maker as a Christmas gift from my son and the little plastic hinge/pin that holds the two heavy irons together broke the 3rd time I used it . I am afraid that the electrical wires passing through this area would become pinched and electrocute me . This product is a lawsuit looking for a place to happen . My son bought it at Walmart in Long Island -LRB- and i live in Virginia -RRB- so a return without the reciept is an exercise in futility.Black & Decker WBM500 Belgian Waffle Maker
 I received one of these for Christmas 9 months ago and have had to replace it twice already . The first one only baked half the waffle , and the hinge on the second one broke almost immediately.I 'm the only one who uses this at home , and I only use it about once a month , so for it to fall apart that quickly is just inexcusable . I wo n't be buying this brand again .
 Yup , it 's hard to clean . Did n't have sticking problems , as some others seem to have had . Made okay waffles , no real complaints there . Have treated the product gently , as one does with a brand new item . . fourth useage . . THE FOURTH WAFFLE . . the hinge `` pins '' ; these absolutely tired little plastic plugs used to hold the top and bottom together , break and fall out onto the floor . At first , I simply did n't believe that these things could even BE the hinge parts . No replacements available . Fourth Waffle . # 4 . C'mon . Has Black and Decker Tanked ? Their China-manufactured -LRB- look on the back -RRB- waffle maker is BEYOND LAME .
 This waffle maker makes great waffles , easy to clean and heats well , until , as all the other reviewers have noted , the cheap plastic hinges make it fall apart after a few uses . I 'm on # 2 and looking for a new waffle maker . Should n't have bought a second one but I returned the first so the second was an exchange . Did n't matter . Same problem , same part . Cheap plastic hinges .
 We bought this waffle maker at Kohl 's and the first day we used it , the hinges broke ! I examined them , and they were cheaply made , flimsy black plastic ! I 'll never buy this product again -- what was quality control thinking at this company -- It 's been bought out several times , is now a subsidiary of another company and is MADE IN CHINA . Enough said .
 the name of this waffle Iron is Belgian waffle makerthe waffles come out very flat not at all like a Belgian waffle -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This waffle iron has the appearance of quality , however it is anything but . I plugged in the waffle iron to use it for the first time , and prior to even opening the lid heard a loud crack . The heat from the first fiveteen seconds of warming was enough to break the hinge on the product . It was a minor problem as far as cooking I thought , so I figured it could n't have been a common issue . The waffle maker proceeded to heat so unevenly that the center of the waffles were burned by the time they came out , but the edges we 're still a runny batter ! Do not go anywhere near this thing ! It 's unreliable , poorly made , and useless.Upon contacting support for a replacement , I was told that the replacement part was out of stock , and that I 'd have to wait for them to get a set of new ones before they could help me . I suspect that this is simply an effort for them to continue to rip me off in the hopes that within a few months I 'll have forgotten about it entirely.Update
 In theory , this item is great . It makes waffles and it can cook a porkchop in 4 minutes . However , be prepared for a nasty burn if you graze any part of the grill other than the tiny black handles . Also , even after `` conditioning '' the cooking plates as per the instructions , everything we cooked stuck to the cooking surfaces ; both the flat and the waffle side . On top of that , the grease rails on the sides of the flat surfaces are not deep enough and 1 hamburger generates more than enough grease to overflow the channels and spill hot grease all over the grill and your counter top . Finally , the small clip that holds the cooking surface on the top part of the grill is too small . At least once during every cooking , the top hotplate would detach from the lid . It was always a tricky situation trying to get a trapped hamburger out from between 2 greasy , 300 degree hotplates that now have no handle . It 's really disappointing because this could have been a great product if a little more thought had gone into the end design .
 This item arrived damaged . I am very disappointed in the quality ! I expected a new product free of damage . The metal is very thin . I have seen better products non Black & Decker .
 This would have been a good product but the reversible plates are poorly secured and the rear hinge can not be locked into either position causing it to be very unstable . Every metal surface becomes extremely hot and is a high burn danger . It makes great waffles -- but how badly do you want a waffle ?
 I was so disapointed to learn that the first time my friend used this -LRB- it was a b-day gift -RRB- the spring holding the top plate was so cheap it just fell on to her food when opening the lid . I am embarrassed to have to return it for her . I expected more of Black and Decker .
 I have n't had much luck with waffles of late . Got rid of my former waffle maker -LRB- very similar to this one -RRB- because the waffles started sticking . This one they also stick ! If I coat it generously every single batch -LRB- I brush on olive oil -RRB- then they mostly come off ok . Wondering if these only work if you use the spray oils -LRB- which I have n't had in my house in years -RRB- . I also like to use alternative flours -LRB- like rice and millet -RRB- and they do n't seem to work very well either .
 The waffle iron was missing a pin and retaining clip from one of the hinges . Luckily I found the parts in the plastic bag around the waffle iron and was able to put it back into place . No instructions came with the waffle iron although the imprint on the bottom tells you to refer to the manual for use and cleaning instructions . It is difficult to know how long to leave the waffles in without some guidance . We have had several different types and they are all different . Hard to know for sure without some instructions .
 This product appears used with several scratches on both plates , the bottom plate wo n't seat correctly . The temperature dial is very loose . Under the plates looks like the product might have been refurbished or used in the past .
 This waffle maker is horrible . My waffles split in half because they stick to the surface . Also , I can not open the device all the way or the plates fall out . I bought this product awhile back because it had pretty good reviews , but I am not sure why !
 I am sure I would have liked the waffle iron , but I did not use it because it was crooked . The waffles would have been lopsided since one leg was shorter than the orders and the waffle iron tilted . I did not want to use it , so I returned it . I would like to order another , but afraid it may be the same .
 We owned a similar grill and waffle maker for 20 year , until the metal plates started sticking . We were happy to fine the Black & Decker , which looked identical . It worked well for waffles the first few times . However , now it tears the waffles in half , with one half sticking to each plate . Does n't matter how much oil you add . We never put the plates in the diswasher or scrub them . On the other side , a set of pancakes also stuck . When we tried to get them off , parts of the coating came off . Will be dumping this after only a few months .
 We own 5 Waffle Irons so when we make waffles we can make 12 dozen or more and freeze them . This Waffle Iron appeared to look like the one we had received for a wedding gift 36 years ago , so we ordered it . It is similar , however makes a much smaller waffle than the first one we had . Still looking for a waffle Iron with a larger waffle . I have to eat 2 and a half for breakfast instead of just two . We pop them in the toaster for a delicious , nutritious breakfast on the go . We make them out of Oats and Soy . Delicious !
 I have had this waffle iron/grill for about a year and a half . Initially , I loved the griddle , but the non-stick surface wore off and began to flake at about 15-month mark , making it unusable . I took very good care of it and used it about once a week . In my opinion , the problem is that the non-stick surfaces come close to contacting the heating element . Whichever surface you are using -LRB- the waffle-maker or the griddle -RRB- , the opposite side is near the coil , which ca n't be good for the Teflon -LRB- or whatever non-stick coating is used -RRB- . If you do n't need your appliance to last more than a year or so , it does work well , but I expect my appliances to last longer.Also , I have to echo comments I read about how hot this appliance gets . Not having kids around , I did n't think it would be a problem , but the outside metal surface -LRB- the entire thing -RRB- gets hot enough to burn skin . Plus , you have to be careful what you have nearby , as the lifted lid wil burn/melt whatever it touches . Watch out for the cord , as well as anything that 's behind or above the appliance.All in all , I ca n't recommend this product , because I do n't think it lasts , and because I have used other products that seem much safer . But for the time I did use it , it worked well . Especially the grille . I definitely recommend against having this in a household with children .
 After a little over 11/2 yrs of sporadic use , the grill side can only works on one side , the other is too cool to cook pancakes . The waffle iron 's nonstick surface is not really nonstick . The squares in the iron are so small cleaning up after the waffle sides stuck together is a chore . I would n't buy this again ! The Black & Decker brand gets a Black eye from this product .
 I have been extremely frustrated with this waffle maker , and I have finally decided to get rid of it after several failed attempts . I can not get the waffles to not stick . At first I was using Pam . Then I tried greasing both sides with oil with a pastry brush , per another reviewer , and still no luck . The waffle rips apart every time , and then I 'm stuck with a big mess . Not how I want to spend a Saturday morning .
 I bought this because my mother had one when I was growing up . I liked it for a while and made lots of waffles . I have also used the griddle side for many things . Lately when I have tried to use the waffle side , the waffles stick to the plates and tear apart and I spend more time trying to scrape all the junk off rather than enjoying waffles . If you 're interested in waffles , look somewhere else .
 Beware this product might come to you the way it came to me , with a non-stick surface peeling off . It also took a long time to heat up and made much denser waffles than I usually like . We ended up going back to the smaller but much better quality Cuisinart waffle maker .
 I am not very impressed with this product.It is very light weight and cooks very unevenly.The single heating coil does not do the trick.This seemed to get good reviews and I am not pleased .
 I have owned two -LRB- 2 -RRB- Waffle Iron & Grill products in my lifetime , but this was by far the worst product because of its construction . The pin that holds the grills in place is certainly inadequate and it was obvious upon inspection that the heat was going to impact the clip 's ability to hold the grill in place during baking . Very poor quality .
 After reading all the reviews , I purchased this waffle maker to replace our broken Cuisinart Round which we were very happy with . I was enticed by the larger size and multi-purpose . Upon using , I was very unhappy with the product . The waffles take forever too cook , are hard to pour and get out due to the square size , and worst - come out flat as a pancake . I 'm not looking for a belgium style but I 'd more than an Eggo.Worse yet , when I went to return it , I realized it was sold through a `` amazon partner '' OK-Sales . They do n't post the return policy and guess what - no returns ! Lovely - I bought this based on the fact that I could return it if I do n't like it and OK-Sales refused to return unless it was broken . Sigh ...
 I was very disappointed with this wafflemaker . I had the same one for 15 yrs . This was very much lighter . It did n't heat the same on both sides . I called B&D . They said to cut off the cord and send it back to them and they would replace the appliance . This meant I would have to throw the wafflemaker in the trash . I did n't want to pollute the envirement so I sent it back for a refund . I wish there was another wafflemaker with the same features that worked as well as my old one .
 First off , it 's a GRIDDLE and waffle baker , not a grill . And second , it 's so poorly made that it 's frightening to use . Mine fell apart while it was burning hot the first time I used it . I wish I had n't wasted my money .
 When I opened the waffle maker , the upper plate instantly fell out . No matter how carefully we handled it , we could not get the plate to stay in place . The thin metal housing flexes so easily that it would not hold its shape , and the -LRB- again -RRB- thin metal clips were not sturdy enough to hold the plates in place . And all that holds each of the plates in place is a single central clip ! Mind you , the plates are the things that get HOT to cook the waffles ... I can not believe that this was ever inspected in the US , because it would be dangerous to use.I am returning it immediately.By the way , please notice that I bought this through Amazon . I dare you to find a positive review that verifies that it was bought here ...
 The grids keep slipping off , the metal holder on the front of the waffle/grill is dangerous . Children should not be allowed to use it .
 The design of the unit is flawed -- the irons are held by two flimsy clips which can easily bend or break . Most of the unit is made of metal , and when heated because extremely hot if you touch anywhere outside its plastic parts.This sounds obvious , but what is the dealbreaker are the iron plates themselves . Even though B&D ; claims they are nonstick and that they need to be primed with oil , they continuously stick after the first three waffles and several minutes of grilling . They do not prime . Repeatedly doing so simply makes the first batches extremely oily and inedible , and the following batches after that unremovable from the hot iron plates.The dangerous part occurs as a result of these plates -- because they stick , you may attempt to pull harder to open , but the plates will not budge and you will either A -RRB- touch the hot metal exterior , causing burns or B -RRB- the clips will give way and you will burn yourself either on the iron , open element , or exterior metal surface . You eat nothing that you put into the unit and then be forced to scrape wasted food off the `` nonstick '' hot iron plates.I ca n't vouch for every unit , but the above sums up my experience with this model . I 'm not prone to writing reviews , but I was so upset that I had spent $ 40 on an item that would soon prove to be unusable after right after the return policy -LRB- because you think that eventually the iron plates will be primed , and after a while you realise they 'll never -RRB- . As such , I strongly recommend purchasing another brand because the mediocre food results and the potential danger are not worth the costs .
 pretty to look at but omg , did not realize that the entire outside , including the handles , get so hot I burned 4 fingers , enough to get blisters on my fingers , just trying to put the lid back up , also the waffles are paper thin , I just put it in the garage , this one sucks , sorry
 I have been making waffles for 40 years and find this waffle maker to be the worst one I have ever used . Flimsy frame , no choices on settings for waffle crispness , no buzzer/bell to let you know when heating is done . I have trusted Black and Decker in the past but will not in the future .
 Makes OK waffles , but does not work well as a grill . I bought this because I liked the dual functionality , but when I tried to make pancakes on the grill side of the hot plates , I was very disappointed . It took FOREVER to cook the pancakes because the plates do not heat up quickly and they do n't get hot enough , even with the setting on HIGH . Also , the plates are very loose and have fallen out while I was trying to remove a waffle that stuck to the grill .
 Got the product out and plugged in then it turned itself off . Thought it was the automatic turn off , but the waffles were n't done and it wo n't turn back on . Thought black & decker was a brand to trust .
 From the pictures and comments , one would conclude that this makes waffles like Grandma made . Well Grandma typically had big families . I ca n't imagine her using such a small waffle iron . Also I expected something deeper , not as deep as Belgium waffles but a compromise from these tiny valleys and Belgium huge ones .
 I bought this so I could clean the plates good . Every type of waffle I 've made has stuck and made a total mess since the first time I used it . I tried home made mix , store bought , greasing it up . A total waste , frustrating .
 This waffle iron is terrible
 I thought if I spent a little more money and bought a brand name I 'd be getting a pretty good appliance . I thought wrong ! As soon as I opened the box I was surprised by how chintzy the product is . Poorly designed , the top does n't does n't close well , the chord is too short and the heat control dial is made of the cheapest possible plastic that seems like it will break sooner rather than later . Finally it is hardly `` stick free '' , you 'll want to spray a little Pam on the plates . If you 're looking for a good , trusty waffle iron that you will use for years , this is n't the one !
 The Black and Decker Wafflemaker , Grill and Griddle Model G48TD should not be sold . It is impossible to use because the waffles stick to such a degree that you can not remove them from the waffle iron except in crumbs . I followed all the directions prior to using the appliance . Also the grill does not keep hot and you can not cook anything on it so the products come out as unacceptable . The non-stick surface is despicable . When I called Black and Decker to complain they informed me that they no longer are making this product , however , I see Amazon continues to sell the product . This product is not a replica of the GE model I formerly had . Supposedly it is the same but I used the GE appliance for 40 years and I was so disappointed when it no longer would work .
 Black & Decker G48TD Grill and Waffle BakerThe first time I used this product the upper part of the waffle maker fell off . It is impossible to make waffles witht this product ! I plan on returning it to buy a different machine by another company !!!!!!!! It is a waste of money though it is by a company that I thought was highly respected for its good products .
 Some of the reviews on this product are several years old , which may explain why there is so much difference in the ratings of buyers . We have had various waffle makers for 40 years , the last a toastmaster , for about 20 years . Since toastmaster was bought by B&D we thought the quality of a new B&D might be a good choice . Wrong . It has very light plates and the bottom element did not heat evenly . The back half of the bottom waffle was raw dough on three attempts we made to make waffles . I am returning the product and would not purchase another B&D item .
 This waffle maker did n't perform well for us . The waffles did n't brown up even when kept on the griddle for twice the recommended time .
 If only this waffle iron would perform as well as it looks . The design is great
 I 'm very disappointed by how poorly this grill performs . The main problem is that everything sticks to it , no matter how well it is oiled . I followed the directions and ca n't get it to work properly . It 's going into the junk bin !!
 When my B&D waffle iron arrived I could tell at a glance that it was designed with an eye toward minimizing cost , not something that was going to be passed down through future generations . I thought ok , as long as it works for 5 or 10 years maybe . But the heating was uneven so that the edges of the waffle were overcooked while the center was a little too done . Then one morning the whole back side of the waffle did not get cooked ; I guess the element gave out . Thankfully Amazon took it back . I would not recommend this model .
 What a piece of junk . It was chipped not only around the edges but also on the grid . I ca n't comment on it other than that as I did ' t even get to use it .
 I do NOT recommend this waffle iron . I had to get a replacement one because the waffles stuck on the plates on the first one so badly even though I seasoned it correctly . The second one is not much better in that department . The top plate constantly falls off when I try to open it . I burned my finger today when it fell off on me . The whole thing is loosely put together and is very wiggly/wobbly . The outside gets insanely hot . The top and bottom plates cook ar different rates too . The top will be dark brown and the bottom barely cooked . Overall a really crappy product .
 What a waste of money , sadly ordered this instead of a good deep waffle iron , live and learn ... Very flimsy , makes the old sunbeam I had look amazing ...
 I had one that looked like this before and it quit working . Do n't know what brand it was and when I saw this one , thought yes that should be worth the money . When I used it , it worked fine on the bottom but the top did n't cook even or even get hot enough . I thought with the cord going to top and bottom I would n't have this problem as I did with one of the 2 slice waffle irons . So , I guess you are taking a chance on it working properly . Very disappointed as I love waffles .
 We thought that if we paid more for an item , the quality would be better . We were very very wrong .
 This is the first review I 've ever written about a product and I 'm only doing so because my experience with this product was so bad.First off , the design is outright dangerous . I frequently suffered minor burns on the griddle when lifting it to remove my waffles as it 's incredibly difficult to open it without touching the grill itself . If your batter is even slightly sticky , it becomes even more dangerous provided you can get it open at all . Often , the grill itself would come off its two flimsy hinges and present a whole new problem . On top of it all when it would work , it would take several minutes for a waffle to cook.Compared with the replacement waffler that we just purchased , I have a full understanding of how extraordinarily poor this waffler is and hope that no one has to endure what we did with this product .
 Bought this to replace the old one I had that all it needed was new grill plates that I could not find , so I had to buy the whole unit . It is a little lighter than the old one and the metal seems a bit thinner , But what disappointed me was that it did not cook evenly . When the front was nice and crisp the back was still not done so I would have to flip my waffle around to finish cooking . I kept it for the fact that I like the setup of the unit , but the performance needs some work . I think I 'm going to take the heating unit out of the old one and put it in this one and see how that works . Its sad that corporations have traded quality for profit .
 The waffle maker takes a long time to heat up and does not heat evenly all across the grill . The waffles in the front half of the grill will be brown and crispy while the waffle in the rear half will be nearly white and soft.I just bought a Bella waffle maker and am surprised at not only how fast the waffle cooks , but how evenly too . This is the type of waffle maker that you flip over once you pour in the batter.I suggest buying one of these types instead of one like the Black and Decker that I wo n't use any more
 unfortunately , I cant . My experience with this waffle maker was not so great . No matter what I tried to use to prevent sticking the waffles stuck to the waffle maker . It was worse if we added anything like strawberries to the mix . Additionally , when they would stick , the top of the waffle would separate from the bottom . It would be so stuck that I had to use a lot of force to open up the waffle maker and in doing so found my hand directly in the path of the steam coming out . Plus , 2 times the top plate came out of its hinges and almost fell on my hand .
 The waffle iron plates did not fit properly in the waffle iron , kept popping out while cooking , and those releasing the heat . The waffle irons themselves our shallow making thin waffles . Disappointing .
 I bought this based on price and found it to be very poor quality in my view . The Cuisnart waffle maker that I bought at Macy 's was more expensive -LRB- $ 50 -RRB- but had the quality of a waffle maker that would last alot longer . I buy on cost not price alone . Cost is what will it cost me long run will I have to replace it in a short period of time and cost is what does it sell for up front with no thought about weather it will fall apart or not . Black and Decker has a pretty good name in tools but home appliances I am not so sure . .
 I have several Black and Decker products , but this one really disappointed me . It works fine for the waffles and I like the waffle timer . But you can forget the sandwiches . This product needs an adjustment made to the spring or either the sandwiches grids made deeper . My daughter used it first for grilled cheese sandwiches . Dissaster . The top of the grill is too heavy . The cheese melted all over the grids and the sandwiches were as flat as a pancake . I thought it was her that did something wrong . So I tried it ; same thing , cheese melted all over the grids and bread flatter than pancakes . B&D has some good products ; but , I do n't know what happened here . I hope they can fix this problem . I would like to have a good old fashioned grilled cheese sandwich like my mother use to make . She had a good waffle and sandwich maker . Of course that was 50 years ago and I forget the manufacturer . I did return this with no problem . I hope B&D can rectify the problem . Thank You .
 I was excited to find this waffle maker since it looked exactly like the one my parents used for 20 years . It worked great for a short while , then I noticed that one side of the griddle was not heating as fast as the other producing uneven pancakes and waffles ! Now it 's unusable all around . The waffles are sticking and burning no matter how much I season the plates and I can make 3 times as many pancakes on one side of the griddle as on the other because of the uneven heat ! I 'd like to say I 'll buy another in hopes that I just got a bad appliance , but I 'm not sure I want to risk throwing away the money .
 It looks like the waffle maker that my mom used for all those wonderful breakfasts growing up . I 've had the waffle maker for almost a year now , and after another disappointing round of waffles this weekend , I had to submit a review.I 'd agree with other reviewers that the unit does not get hot enough . I 've tried several different waffle recipes , including good ole mom 's and each time the waffles are flat as pancakes and soft . I 've given up trying to cook pancakes , even with the heat turned up full blast , they never brown.I 've always been a fan of this type of waffle maker , but based on my experiences , I 'll be looking for a Belgium waffle maker and stick with my stovetop griddle for pancakes .
 We bought this because of all the good reviews , and because we liked the idea of the plates being removable and doubling as a griddle . We wanted something that could make more waffles at once , since our old Krups made only 2 belgians at a time , which does n't keep our kids at the table . Unfortunately , the waffles that come out of this thing are consistently crisp on top and raw/mushy on the bottom . The top gets a LOT hotter than the bottom , evidently , despite the fact that we followed the manufacturers instructions to a `` T '' . The waffles are totally not up to snuff . We 're returning this and getting the Krups one that makes 4 belgians at a time , for $ 40 . I 'd rather have a product that does one thing and does it well , than one that does multiple things poorly .
 I 've just looked over the other one star reviews to see if maybe there is a some trick to what I 've started experiencing , but alas it seems like I 'm part of a trend . I bought this griddle/waffle maker because after about 8 years , my previous waffle maker shorted out . It made great waffles every time . This product had the promise of doing that as well as being an all around griddle king - it looks very similar to one I grew up watching my dad use.Well this product ai n't one of those . Do n't fry eggs on this thing , because you 'll end up with scraped up egg roadkill . It makes good grilled cheese sandwiches and hash browns though . BUT ... The waffles . Yes I love waffles , a lot in fact . This thing worked great about three times . The time was right and the waffles came right out . But all of a sudden something changed and instead I get a sad view of the interior mid section of my waffles , like some breakfast autopsy scene . I have to thing take the metal grill plates out and soak them because the waffle batter is heat applied to both grill halves . It seems almost no amount of oil/Pam will work now . I suspect some horrible chemical film is sprayed on the metal along with whatever excuse for `` non-stick '' coating , and it wore off , on the food . So its now a metal piece of junk.Why is it so hard to find a decent waffle maker these days ?
 I liked the compact design , size and ability to reverse the cooking plates , so I ordered this griddle.I found that the griddle actually worked okay , particularly as a waffle iron , but the allegedly non-stick plates were n't really non-stick -LRB- took me 20 minutes to clean the plates after waffles ! -RRB- . What 's worse , when in use , the outside top of the baker got hot enough to melt the plastic on my coffee machine . I found this out when I opened the baker to remove a waffle and without realizing it , leaned the top against the coffee machine behind it . When I went to close it again , I got stringy molten plastic bridging the gap . Oops.After cleaning up this mess , I wanted to see just how hot the outside got . I proceeded to bake another round of waffles , and then sprayed the top with spray oil and put an egg on it . Some of the egg ran off the side , but the egg that stayed was cooked within a few seconds.This thing is not only a hazard to anyone prone to accidentally burning themselves , but is also a mess magnet . I 'll have none of it anymore !
 I ordered this on 12.18.09 , with 2 day shipping , and it never arrived . Out of stock now from Amazon , or at least a 3-5 week backlog . Now I have no present for my wife on Christmas morning . Thank you very much , Amazon .
 Black and Decker used to be good . Their products were well designed and quality built . This product supports `` not any more '' . The product is cheap and flimsey . I did n't even bother to plug it in . I contacted Amazon who graciously took the item back . Forunately B & D has not messed with DeWalt , Porter Cable and Delta too much eventhough my Delta hybrid saw did have some problems upon delivery.I had to give the product a star -LRB- system requirement -RRB- eventhough it does n't deserve one .
 This is a great waffle iron . However , do n't even think of using the waffle recipe that Black and Decker provides ... it is beyond awful .
 I bought this product in November of 2008 to replace what we thought to be a similar one that my wife had had for about 20 years . I can not tell you how disappointed we were at the difference in the quality , the performance and the waffles . Although we followed the break-in instructions to the `` T '' , the waffles continue to stick to this day . To make matters worse , the heat is completely uneven with some sections of the waffle overdone while other sections remain half-cooked . The top and the bottom temperatures are different as well as the temperature variation within each of them.This is also the case when we grill pancakes . We have always made eight small pancakes - four on each surface . They , too come out with some cooked while others are not.All of my life I have thought of a `` Chinese Junk '' as being a type of sailing ship peculiar to China ; now I find out that it is an adequate description of what we are importing from that country . Unlike other Chinese merchandise , I have read about , this waffle/grill will not hurt my family 's health or our home , but it is an example of the type of inferior and sometimes dangerous products the Chinese are foisting off on us with the cooperation and blessings of domestic manufacturers and vendors.I can not understand why customers are not clearly advised in advance that this item is made in China . One has to have very good eyes to see the country of origin blind stamped in very small letters on the underside of the grill.I find this product quite unsatisfactory and if possible , I will attempt to find a brand or model still manufactured in this country .
 If I was Amazon.com I would be embarrassed to offer this piece of crap . Cheap looking , thin , flimsy , you get the picture . The review options would not accept zero stars so I had to put 1 star .
 I bought this waffle iron to replace one I 've had for thirty years , not because it did n't work , but because it was looking a bit grungy thanks to years of baked on cooking spray . The new one was nice and shiney , but the iron grids were barely half as thick as my old iron . Waffles stick to teflon , prepped or not . They really should advise a maximum amount of waffle mix that should be used because spillover is very common and hard to remove once baked on . I will continue to use my thirty year old model and put this one in a furnished rental unit . Such shiney appliances always impress renters . By the way , if you want good waffles , put your grids in a self-cleaning oven to bake off your teflon coating , leave your home for several hours -LRB- because the fumes are toxic -RRB- , and you will have easy to clean , non-stick cast iron waffle grids to use for decades .
 We got this off of our wedding registry and I ca n't believe how poorly it is made ! The two flimsy clips that are supposed to keep the plates into place are a hazard . We did n't even get to use the thing ! We were just putting it together to use it for the first time and the plates would n't stay in place . I ca n't imagine trying to actually cook with it . The super hot plates falling out and burning you or something in your kitchen . No thanks . We will return it for a sturdier and safer waffle maker . What a piece of junk .
 We are disappointed with this product . The waffles cook unevenly and they are smaller than we expected . The grill/waffle plates are only secured by a small spring clip and they have a tendency to fall out while they are heating.This is definitely not the quality I expected from a Black and Decker product .
 Having owned this product for 1.5 years , I have noticed a number of negatives :1 . Nonstick coating chips * very * easily , much more easily that other nonstick items I own . Even though I am careful not to use abrasives or metal utensils , it is now unusable as the coating flakes into food .2 . The upper griddle surface does not get as hot as the lower surface
 This is the one I grew up with and based on that and the good reviews I was looking forward to fantastic waffles . Unfortunately , as has been described here by recent reviewers , it definitely is not as good as it used to be . First , the front clips that hold the plates in place need to be bent to line up . On my particular iron , only the front feet touched the counter because the cord assembly in the back prevented the back feet from resting on the counter . Worse , when you open the iron up , the cord assembly was the only thing that touched in the back making the whole thing unstable . I took off the back plastic cord assembly and cut off the bottom 1/16th of an inch with a saw to make it the right height . -LRB- And I hit it with a plumber 's torch for a few seconds to seal the cut surface . -RRB- That fixed the balance problem.But now living with the waffle iron for a while I 've found browning to be a problem . The first waffle usually turns out okay but I think that 's because I 'm giving the iron plenty of time to warm up . Recovery is the big problem - I do n't think it has enough oomph to get back to temperature in time for the next waffle . So you 'd have to pause between each batch of waffles . If you do n't wait for it to heat up again , the next waffles are floppy and underbrowned . When you consider that the real benefit to an 8x8 cooking surface is the speed you can feed a family , then the additional delay kills that benefit . I 'm going to try the chef 's choice waffle pro next . It 's smaller and makes silly clover waffles but I suspect it 's going to do it all fast enough that my family wo n't find other things to eat while waiting for the waffles to be ready !
 This was a fantastic idea
 While this device may be useful as a grill it is a very poor waffle iron . In addition to producing waffles that rise poorly -LRB- perhaps a result of the weight of the upper assembly -RRB- the heating is extremely uneven . That , of course , results in very uneven browning . That is a show-stopper for me and after making 6 or 7 batches over a period of about 3 months , we have replaced the device.Perhaps the heating was a fault in this particular iron , but the smushed waffles ca n't be -LRB- Note
 I looked everywhere for a waffle iron and a griddle , all in one . I finally ended up getting this one because I thought it looked like what I wanted . I had previously owned a waffle iron and griddle for over 25 years . Unfortunately , the electric cord frayed and I thought it might be a fire hazard and I threw it out . In retrospect , I think I should have had a new cord put on and kept it . Washing it for the first time , I see a bit of the nonstick coating is coming off . I used the waffle side of it , and the thickness of the waffles is thin , much like the type one buys premade in the freezer aisle . It is impossible to adjust the color . The waffles come out splotchy
 My kids bought this for their Mother for Christmas . Never made good waffles and the light and heating element went bad after 6 uses . Black and Decker will fix it if you send it to them , but the shipping cost did n't make it worth it . Try another brand .
 The waffles came out unevenly colored , some brown but mostly cream . The B&D recipe enclosed produces a waffle that is entirely hard similar to a Belgium waffle not uniformly brown crisp on the out side and soft on the inside like our old waffle unit produced . We tried our old `` tried and true '' recipe which was slightly better but not great . Would return but I bought it several months ago as a Christmas Gift . Very disappointed .
 This seemed to be a good idea with the reversible heating surfaces and it might be if it had been done well . Everything about this machine is cheep and under engineered . The clips that hold the griddles in bend out of shape making it hard to lock them in place unless you bend them back . the lock that holds the top of the machine in the half open position so that the waffles can be removed is so lightly constructed that it will only hold the top open a few times before it no longer will . The machine could really use some rubber ends on the legs so that the machine would not tend to slide all over the table . And it would be really nice to have a ready light as well as a heating up light . This is a good idea that has gone bad do to cheep shoddy engineering and construction .
 This is a very disappointing product , and I paid a lot less for it that it is currently selling for.We 've tried four different batter recipes , and have never made waffles with it that are even halfway decent . Basically , it does n't get hot enough to quickly crisp the outside of the waffles . By the time the waffles are cooked to any sort of golden-brown , they 're steamed in their own moisture and just really inedible.If you care about food , keep looking . This product is not the one for you .
 Last year I gave this 3 stars and wrote : ' I like the reversible , removable plates . If it was heavier , and had bigger heating elements , and the plates locked in more securely , it would be better . Of course that would cost 2 or 3 times as much , but I think it would be worth it . Maybe they should make it both ways . ` Less than a year later : I just threw the waffle maker in the garbage . We did n't use it much during the year we had it . The sample I had would not hold the top griddle in securely . Light weight , cheaply made , and a burn hazard .
 If you want waffles that rip in half every time you open the machine , then this is the product for you . Even if you coat the plates with Pam or some other no stick spray , the waffles always stick and rip apart when you open the machine.Even if you get the waffles to not stick , they still taste awful because the machine does n't cook them evenly.Don ' t buy this Machine !
 Worked fine first time we used it , Waffles came out perfect . Next time and every time after that , waffles stuck to griddle and burned . Griddle seemed to have hot spots.Our B&D ; we had 19 years ago was great . Tried forever to find one like it since we lost ours in a move . Thought this one was like it , but there is no comparison in the way the older model was built.This model is flimsy , light and gets very hot . Seems to be made out of chrome rather than stainless steel . Do not recommend this product at all , just wasting your money.Amazon was great and prompt to refund our purchase price .
 Very poorly make . Made in China . Hinges broke and missing out of the box . waited for over a month for parts ... Several calls later ... was told parts are no longer available.They wanted $ 7 handling for warranty return and me ship the waffle maker back.How are they to warranty this for two years if the do n't have parts?Save yourself some trouble and look somewhere else besides Black and Decker .
 This waffle iron leaves much to be desired . It bakes unevenly - some areas dark and others barely baked at all . And the waffles are not crisp , as they always were with the same recipe I 've used for 25 years . I am returning this item , and hope I can find someone to repair the old one I have , which until recently baked perfect waffles .
 I bought this waffle iron in hopes of creating the Saturday morning waffle-fest that I remember having as a kid.I read lots of these Amazon reviews -- but mistakenly only read the positive ones . -LRB- I guess I was talking myself into spending the money -RRB- I should have read more of the negative ones because I experienced many of the same issues.Specifically , I 'm really disappointed in the build quality of this product . I expected more from Black & Decker.The overall feel is cheap and flimsy , but the most annoying thing is the way the top plate constantly falls out . More than just annoying , it is very dangerous when the hot plate falls out while cooking something . At first I thought I was putting it in wrong or that it was a slightly off , but when I looked closer it was just simply the wrong size slot and terribly misaligned piece of stamped metal.I get why Black & Decker would want to save money on design/manufacturing to keep this at the right price , but instead I 'm left with a $ 50 piece of poorly made junk . DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT ! For the money there are better ones out there .
 This is by far the worst kitchen appliance I have ever owned . The plates have a very small piece of bent metal that keep them attached to the heating elements . They are always popping loose in the middle of making waffles . This creates a very dangerous situation when the very hot top plate comes crashing off . Terrible product , buy something else .
 I have to give this waffle baker a big zero.I was very happy when the waffle baker arrived , but that happiness did n't last very long . First of all the top grill fell on to my hand when I opened the cover . Upon replacing the grill and attempting to close the unit the catch on the upper unit hit on the catch of the lower unit . The upper unit had to be shifted to my left -LRB- as I faced the waffle baker -RRB- to allow the cover to close . This caused the upper grill to drop onto my hand again as I opened the unit to inspect it . After all this I noticed the upper and lower units did not completely meet , the gap between the two parts probably would allow dough to run out before it could bake . Needless to say I immediately repacked the machine and returned it to Amazon the very next day . I can only speculate that a hot waffle baking unit dropping on my hand would not be a happy experience.The only good outcome is that Amazon credited my account without any fuss . Thanks Amazon .
 The few times I have tried to use this waffle iron the waffles have stuck so bad that I had to soak and scrub them off . I just stuck the waffle iron in the closet out of frustration . I even oiled it before pouring the batter on to see if that would help . It did n't . I 've never had such a bad waffle iron .
 We got one of these 25 years ago and used it frequently before it finally wore out . We were surprised to see that it is still being made but were pleased to order another . The new one looks very similar to our older one , but the heating elements no longer heat each plate evenly . This results in waffles that are browned and properly cooked on one side while being white and not well cooked on the other side -LRB- near the hinge -RRB- . While the outside looks the same , the heating elements are not . If you take the plates off , you can see that the heating elements produce no heat near the hinged side of the waffle iron , resulting in uneven heating of the plates.I was also concerned about their quality control . The outside metal casing is chromed , but the one we got had no chrome at all on one corner . This was a large and obvious flaw that should have been very easily detected at several points in their manufacturing process.The original design was good , but the latest version comes up short .
 We bought this to replace a Cuisinart round waffle maker . The Black & Decker made great waffles and had just gotten the plates seasoned when they started not staying in place . The top plate would fall out while hot and in use . We would tighten the clip , and a day or so later the same thing would happen . After thinking I had fixed it several times , we returned it to Amazon so no one would get burned by having a hot plate fall on their hand or foot .
 I made two mistakes in choosing this horrendous product
 After looking for a new waffle iron and checking customer reviews , I purchased this one . Since it is a combination grill and waffle maker , I wanted to see how easy it was to switch the plates around . They were difficult to release from the clamps and I could n't re-seat them once I got them out . Some of the components inside the unit underneath the plates had rust on them . Needless to say , I returned it right away and ordered a `` waffle iron '' . If you want a grill , buy a grill . If you want a waffle iron , buy a waffle iron . Some combination units are more trouble than they 're worth .
 If you are looking for a waffle maker then buy a waffle maker and not this items that claims to also be a grill . Did a lousy job of cooking the first batch of waffles . Sticking like crazy to the top plate that was well oiled . The non-stick surface is n't . Also very slow to heat up . Outside surface is as hot as the plates because of the placement of heating element between surface and plate . I liked the idea of removable plates but no more.I will try to return and buy a true waffle maker .
 This waffle iron from day one has been nothing but a problem . Our old waffle iron died and we had made wonderful waffles on it for several years , practically each Sunday . We purchased this item and every first waffle always sticks . Our favorite dinner has now just not been happening because this waffle iron has ruined it . The first waffle always sticks . This past Sunday we tried it after the first one stuck and the second one stuck too . We know how to make waffles , have read and followed every instruction to the letter and no dice . The waffles get so stuck that the waffle iron wo n't even open . We 'll be looking for a new waffle iron .
 We had high hopes as Cooks Illustrated magazine rated this waffle maker as their waffle maker of choice . We were disappointed . The waffle maker has removable cook plates on the top and bottom ; one side is for waffles and the other for grilling . A small clip is supposed to hold the plates tight
 Had to return this item . Clips that should have held the plates on were bent .
 We have had issues with the waffle iron feature in that the waffle separates in the middle and separates by sticking to the top and bottom . We made multiple adjustments to the batter and always oil each side well . Poorly designed in that steam burns your hand when you hold the handle to open the lid.Looking for a new waffle iron .
 I bought this for my daughter after her ancient one fell apart . I expected this to be heavy duty like her old one was . It is very flimsy and the waffle iron plates FALL OUT ! We checked to make sure they were installed correctly and then plugged it in . My husband went to put the batter in the iron and when he opened it , the top plate just fell out ! Talk about dangerous ! Luckily she has a tile countertop so it was n't burned while we grabbed a hot pad to pick up the plate with . We cooled down the waffle iron , reset the plates ... checked them and darned if it did n't happen again ! We then bent the clips -LRB- our grandson really wanted waffles -RRB- and it stayed together . My daughter said it fell apart on them too . We will try it one more time , but it may be an item that gets returned ! If you purchase this , do n't plug it in until you have opened and closed the waffle iron a few times to make sure the upper plate does n't fall out .
 Got this for my wife . She followed the directions about oiling the griddle . After some time the waffles always stuck to the griddle . She repeated the oiling instructions several times but could n't get it to work . She eventually threw it out .
 I have been using my Mom 's waffle iron for the last 20 years -LRB- no exaggeration -RRB- . I think it was almost as old as I am . The Teflon coating on the plates finally started peeling off , so it was time to replace it . We went with this waffle iron because it 's the modern version of my old one . However , it did not compare to my old one . When I made waffles there were definite hot spots . The waffles were almost burned in some places and barely brown in others . I was so disappointed.That said , I called Grady 's Online who is the vendor that was selling this through Amazon . The lady I spoke with was nice , pleasant , and helpful . When I explained what had happened she decided the waffle iron was n't working correctly and has already sent me a new one . I have n't had a chance to try the new one yet , but i 'll update this review if it 's significantly different . But I wanted to give a shout out to Grady 's Online customer service . They were great !!
 grill side non stick flakes off on every use.too much hassle to return waffle side seems to holding up ok
 Have owned this item for over 2 years . The frame , grills and temperature control are of low quality . Just pick it up then ask yourself if the product seems solid and not tinny . The temperature is not accurate and you must close the unit for at least 1 minute between batter , otherwise both sides of your waffles will not be equal.We have never had to spray the pancake side with any non-stick spray as the Teflon has worked fine . But for waffles , right from the beginning spray was required . After 3 months a spray residue builds up and the waffles will not release . So we now have a small pancake grill but not a waffle iron . Of course made in China . Have since bought a large good quality pancake/sandwich grill from Cooks -LRB- JCP -RRB- . I discovered this web sight because I am searching for a quality waffle iron since I want to toss this very low value product .
 I regretted purchasing it . The metal insets/plates do not line up . After using it about 10 times , the plates do not stay in place . They fall out of the cip , which makes waffle making nearly impossible . Also , the plates do not heat up evenly . The side closest to the hinge does not cook as hot as the opposite side . I purchased it because it was easy to clean the plates , but the plates do n't clean that well . After some use , the waffles also stick to the plates so that The crispy side sticks to each plate . I have to peel them off and put the two sides back together like a sandwich to make it look like a waffle . Thankfully , my children are too young to know the difference .
 I am so disappointed in this purchase . I paid a premium for a waffle iron so that I could get a quality product . This waffle iron does not cook waffles evenly . The front two waffles get dark brown while the back two are still almost raw . In order to get eatable waffles I have to open the iron half way through and flip the waffles so that I can get waffles that are fully cooked . If I let the back ones cook until done without flipping the front waffles would be completely burnt . I also think the waffles are a little too thin . I 'd like them a bit thicker.Also along with what other reviewers said , I almost always burn myself when using this iron as did my son this morning .
 I was excited to find a waffle iron that makes the same waffles I grew up eating . After using the stupid thing just once the rivet holding the handle on broke , now the handle just hangs there from the remaining rivet . I have a few other Black & Decker small appliances and have never experienced the quality issues this thing has .
 We purchased this waffler/grill last year as a replacement for another similar item . Having faith in Black and Decker , we were confident it would meet our needs.First , the positive
 This item is great for about the first 6 months , then the clips will not hold the plates & becomes very dangerous .
 This is to small for a family , if you are single is fine.Is an Iron Board with a very small waffle surface ... Thankfully Amazon took it back .
 Black and Decker should stick to making tools ! This waffle iron is constructed of very light materials that conveys the hi grill heat to the outside surfaces and handles -- every surface is to hot to handle . My wife burned her fingers on what she thought was a plastic knob protruding from the corner of iron -- wrong , it was the grease spout that for some reason , probably cost saving , is the same color as the lid handle . The waffle iron has been put back in the box and being returned , before any one else gets burned !
 My husband bought me this model to replace the 40 year old waffle iron that had been passed down by my Mom . After numerous attempts to make decent waffles with this iron , I have returned to using the old one . The waffle grills consistently fall out of the iron during use . The construction is flimsy , I would not recommend it !
 I was excited to find the Black & Decker Waffle Baker . I 've been looking to replace my mom 's 50 year old waffle iron for some time . Lots of research , lots of price ranges . The Black & Decker was made exactly the same . Try to find a `` traditional '' non-belgian square , 4 slice waffle maker is hard ! I 've seen the others in stores and frankly , they looked cheap!So , probably caught up in nostalgia , I was very disappointed when the waffles did n't cook evenly . They were spongy not crisp even at the highest setting . The removable plates , which could be used for grilling , did not stay in place . Everytime I opened the iron , the top plate would fall out . The steel hinge holding the plates in were n't very secure . Plus , I noticed the non-stick coating chip a bit . That concerns me.Needless to say , I 'm returning the item . I 'm disappointed . Maybe a cheaper one will do the work !
 There is no insulation between the heated coil and the external metal casing , which means that the outside can get as hot as the cooking surface . This is great if you plan on making pancakes/eggs ON your waffle iron while you make waffles IN it -LRB- although I do not think that is the intended use -RRB- . Do not buy this unless you trust yourself to never put a finger on the casing within two hours of cooking .
 I was sooo disappointed with this waffle iron . It 's the worst piece of garbage that I have ever purchased.And very poorly made . The waffles stuck to the iron -LRB- regardless of the amount of oil used -RRB- . The bottom grill did n't get hot enough and the top grill got too hot ?!? I assumed that it was just a defective iron , so I returned it and was sent a replacement . It too , gave me the same problems . I wasted so much batter on this piece of junk . I threw it in the trash . This product is a total waste of time and money . I would NOT recommend anyone to buy it .
 I never even had a chance to plug this in and try it out . The griddles do n't seat securely , and the metal clips that are supposed to hold them in place are so cheap and flimsy that I could n't open or close the lid without having the top griddle fall out . Very dangerous if it had been hot . How this waffle iron ever received good ratings and UL approval is puzzling .
 My suggestion for those reading this review is do n't buy this product . I received my waffle iron and sent it back for a refund . The outside of the unit got extremely hot when I turned it on ... so hot that I put a note next to it that no one in the family should accidentally touch it until it cooled down . I ca n't imagine cooking with this thing.I 'm very disappointed with Black and Decker for putting their name on it . It is made with the flimsiest of metal and the cheapest of materials . I would n't recommend it to anyone . I 'm now somewhat leary of any product that has Black and Decker 's name on it.After I returned this item , I ordered the Chef 's Choice M840 WafflePro Express Waffle Maker and I love it ! It is made with much better materials and it has additional features on it that the Black and Decker does n't . I wonder why it 's so hard to find a traditional wafflemaker these days ?
 As the saying goes you get what you pay for . Very poor quality never buy again . Does not heat the way it should
 Just like the one my mom used to have ... except that it did n't perform like the one mom had . After searching quite a while for a waffle maker that would make enough for a family of four I found this one and thought the search was over . Boy was I wrong . I made waffles multiple times and except for one time they all stuck to the waffle maker . The next to last time that I tried to make waffles the maker was stuck so tight that it would not budge without being pried apart with pliers . Aside from sticking the plates were not held tightly in place -LRB- which was probably part of the problem -RRB- , plastic -LRB- cheap -RRB- handles , and a surface that would get extremely hot . The only positive is that it made it about 20 feet on one throw . Black & Decker should stay in the garage and out of the kitchen !
 After about ten uses over six months , the teflon started flaking off and we had to stop using it . I 'm sure it was our fault , somehow , with overheating it or some such nonsense - nevertheless I would n't buy this model again .
 The waffle plates FALL OUT of the tensioner that loosely holds them in if there is any sticking . I am lucky I have not severely burned myself as it comes crashing down as you pick up the lid . You have to use two oven mitts just to touch the thing it is so hot . I have to make homemade waffles for my son who has food allergies and I get stressed out everytime I have to make them . Some one is going to get hurt and sue Black and Decker .
 We 've had the G48TD for over six months , using it weekly . We have never had a waffle come out with even browning . See our uploaded photo of a typical waffle . We chose the B&D because it was mid-priced and had some good reviews . Bad mistake . I contacted B&D , thinking perhaps we got a lemon . They said they had few complaints and we were out of warranty . No help at all . My advice -- do n't buy unless you want to gamble . If you buy and are n't happy , return it right away . Do n't experiment with different settings , different recipes , etc. . Just get rid of it .
 I am in the process of returning the waffle baker I received and replacing it with the same model . The clips which hold the cooking plates in place seem to be installed incorrectly so the plates are not secure . The product performs well but because the plates do not install firmly , the heating element is visible and I am afraid it might not be safe . Also , if a waffle sticks even slightly , the plates pull loose . I am looking forward to receiving the new baker as it is extremely useful in my rv , serving multiple purposes and taking up relatively little space . It turned out terrific grilled cheese sandwiches , much easier than in a skillet .
 Good points : * The plates are easy to remove to wash.Poor points : * There is no click when the waffles or other items are done . You have to sit an watch the light . Our previous waffle iron made sound and had a light , so you could wash dishes or whatever while it was cooking . Now I 'm concerned that everything will burn . * Because the plates are removeable , it is easy to get things into the electronics and hot heating elements . * The item gets much too hot on the outside . Our previous waffle iron got very warm , but this one was scalding on the case . My fingers missed the very small handle and now I have some singed finger tips . You can easily see what the problem is . Since the plates are removeable you see that the casing is too thin . I have taken other waffle irons apart with my kids at school to show them how it works . I have never seen a waffle iron or toaster with this thin a case .
 I grew up with a Toastmaster waffle iron of this size -LRB- It 's still in my Mom 's cabinet -RRB- . My wife and I were given a Toastmaster waffle iron as a wedding gift 30 + years ago and it still works , but the cord is frayed and the waffles are now tending to stick to the plates . So it was decided now is the time to up grade , the Black and Decker being the closest look-a-like . When it arrived I was very disappointed . Wattage is only 900W . The old Toastmaster had 1500W for this size . There are 2-square units ou there that have 900W . Plus the metal just seemed thin and flimsy . The clips holding the plates in seemed very light and bendable . So we sent it back ! Would I recommend it to a friend ? Absolutely not . I 'm still looking for a quality replacement for the old Toastmaster .
 It worked well for the first few months , as long as you were careful not to open it too quickly . If the waffles stick at all , the upper cooking surface snaps out of place when you open it ... and then you 'd better have burn gel close by . I was careful not to clean with anything other than a nylon brush , but I just can not get the waffles to keep from sticking any more . I 've tried preheating for 30 minutes , I 've tried cooking spray , canola spray and recently I soaked both surfaces in oil to make sure they were completely drenched , prepared to `` discard '' the first oily waffle as recommended in the manual . It still stuck to the upper cooking surface . I love the size and the fact that it makes 4 toaster sized waffles -LRB- or used to -RRB- . Luckily I still have my old single round waffle maker to go back to . As my kids pointed out , it was much faster to make them one at a time with no sticking no difficult clean up and no burns .
 The outside surface gets extremely hot when in use , and , not aware of that , I burned my fingertips when I tried to move the unit while grilling -LRB- I guess I should n't have assumed it was cool to the touch as my old grill -RRB- . The unit did n't work quite well when I tried to use it as a griddle - it was hard to adjust the surface temperature , and it took forever to make grilled-cheese sandwiches . The `` grill/waffle '' side is very hard to clean , and after only two times I 've cleaned it with a nylon vegetable brush , the non-stick coating is gone in several places . Also , the manual says to `` use non-stick spray '' when making waffles . I really miss my cheap old waffle maker from Wal-Mart , which never needed any oil or spray . Bottom line - this grill is okay to cook some hot dogs , but if you want more , buy something else !
 This waffle iron did not work properly . The first time we used it , the waffle cooking plan kept slipping out of the grid clips whenever we lifted the lid . My teenage daughter was doing the cooking and burnt herself trying to re-attach it . Also the waffles did n't really seem to cook through though the machine auto-shut off after several minutes .
 Not enough heat ! Waffles turn out heavy , not light and crisp like they ought to be if it could heat to a higher temperature . Very unhappy about this purchase -- especially for that price and a product that we thought should be quality .
 I received this as a gift and was very excited . I love thin waffles . Immediately , though , the problems began . The design of this waffle maker is very poor . The top griddle does n't stay hinged in and often falls off . The waffles also cook unevenly . The only positive about this is that the griddle is easy to clean -LRB- partly because it does n't stay well hinged -RRB- . Also , there is no audible sound when the waffles are done cooking . On previous waffle makers I owned , there is a loud beeping sound , but this waffle maker only has a light that you may or may not notice go off when the waffle is `` ready . '' I would advise that you spend a little more money and buy a higher quality waffle maker .
 There 's an electric coil behind each waffle/griddle plate . But the coils really heat only the area near the front . In every batch , two waffles are perfect , and the other two are pale and and soggy . I did have success when I spread the batter on only the hot side , but that 's not very practical . Also , the waffles take a very long time to cook -- 8 minutes or so , even on high heat.On the pro side , it 's great to have removable cooking plates , for ease in cleaning . Plus , the hinge is designed to accomodate a range of thicknesses , whick is good if you 're grilling a sandwich or if your waffle batter rises a lot .
 I ordered this waffle maker because I thought it would do double duty as both a waffle maker and a griddle -LRB- plus it was on sale for $ 36 . -RRB- It arrived and when I unpacked it , the cooking grids fell out on the floor . I read several other reviews where people had the same problem . It is poorly designed . The outer case/shell is made of very thin sheet metal and the edges are not rolled and it has no lip for rigidity , so it bends easily and does not hold the cooking grids well.If you remove the cooking grids you can see the interior and how cheaply it is made . I am returning it today.I would recommend you buy a different waffle maker .
 Waffles bake unevenly . Base is not stable . It 's not set up to tilt into the corner fat drain -LRB- and the channels at the edges are so shallow that if they drain off more than a drop they will overflow -RRB- but it is not flat enough to safely use as a griddle , either . I cracked an egg about an inch off the middle , and it slid raw onto my table . Handles are not symmetrical . Opening and closing does n't feel stable . If anything sticks to the top plate , it 's easy to get steam burns.I had the George Foreman G5 , and this does n't have the problems it had -LRB- B&D ; plates clean very easily , coating does n't flake , no annoying spring-handles on the plates to break , exterior finish stays pretty instead of chipping and scratching -RRB- , but it is inferior in every other way .
 Perhaps Black and Decker made better quality waffle irons back in 2002 , which were the dates on the reviews I went by when purchasing this item back in July of 2009 . I waited to write a review of my own until we used the iron enough times to give a fair assessment . I agree with the person who stated they got five uses from it and then it began sticking . Same thing with us . The waffles started to stick to the plates after several uses and this morning , the waffles were stuck to the point where my husband could n't even open it up to get them out without great difficulty . The waffles ripped apart and they would n't even come off the plates without first soaking them in water in the sink . Before the first use , we seasoned the plates just as instructed in the B&D manual and used vegetable oil every time we cooked the waffles . We did nothing different than we had when it worked fine , so it is n't anything WE did to cause these problems . I will not be buying a B&D product again . The only reason I gave this two stars instead of one is because the waffles themselves -LRB- when it worked -RRB- did taste really good . What a shame .
 Loved the idea of combining a waffle maker and a grill/griddle in one appliance . I 'm trying to unclutter my kitchen , and keep only things that serve a multi-purpose or will get used all of the time . This item seemed like the solution . It was , briefly . But like some of the other reviewers I had problems with having to crank it up to high , and the waffles still not being browned . I had problems with my waffles sticking -LRB- yes , I tried oil , butter , cooking spray - none made a difference -RRB- , so that when you opened the machine you had 1/2 a waffle on the top , 1/2 on the bottom . You then had to carefully peel both sides off and smoosh them back together to have a waffle . The final straw was when making pancakes on the grill , and the one side was so much hotter that they were burning , and the other side was taking double the time to cook . I had to keep switching the pancakes from side to side to try and even it out . And that was it !!! It was too late to return , and I would n't wish it on the good folks at Good Will , so I consigned it to our township recycling heap . If you want crispy waffles - try the Villa Ware waffle maker . It 's excellent . If you want a grill/griddle , try the Cuisinart Griddler . It 's excellent .
 I brought this waffle maker to use for Christmas . Even after using all kinds of oils and even Pam all the waffles stuck to the plates . The clips that lock the plates in place always came loose and you had to pry the plates apart . I tried everything and had to send it back .
 Very dissapointing . Poor design is obvious the minute you see it . You would probably not buy this if you saw it first in a store . I certainly would not have bought it had I seen it first .
 My family has owned this model of waffle maker for about as long as Black and Decker has been making them . I got one as recently as my 4 years ago and it worked great and is still working great . Unfortunately when we bought a vacation home and I purchased one we were very disappointed . When set at normal waffle levels it barely cooks the waffle . Even when you raise the heat to the top of the waffle setting it cooks unevenly . The front waffles are perfect or even over cooked and the back ones are soft and still raw . I would love to tell you that this is just an individual lemon but it 's not . Over the last 8 months I have purchased and returned 6 of these waffle makers and all had the same problem with some being worse than others but all being bad . My family loves waffles -LRB- I mean really loves waffles !! -RRB- and we are so upset that Black and Decker has obviously decreased their quality and turned an excellent product into a piece of junk .
 I hate to sound too nasty but this thing was just horrible ! I just sent it back . It was bought to replace a Sunbeam we got for a wedding present in 1962 - that is about 50 years ago . The Sunbeam has worked great all those years and is still working but deterioation of insulating material and corrosion of the heating element caused me to scrap it for safety reasons . We expected the B&D to at least come close to the old unit but it did not . No matter how we preheated the new one when half the waffle was well cooked the other half was just beginning to cook and was too raw to be put on your plate . Huge disappointment B&D - I have used your tools for years and now I am beginning to think that perhaps the quality of all your products may have shrunk to dime-store quality .
 I was looking for a waffle maker that made a larger quantity of waffles . I wanted to be able to freeze waffles and warm them up in the toaster . This one does not cook evenly . The heating coil is round while the waffle maker is square . I found it took a long time to cook one waffle and the finished product was more like a pancake than a waffle . The indentions were not deep enough resulting in an almost flat waffle that was not at all crisp . I do n't want them crunchy but I do n't want it to be as soft as a pancake . It did seem well made and came apart easily to clean . It is better than what most retail stores sell that only produces two waffles . I ordered the Cuisinart 6 slice maker to replace this one . It was more expensive but was very much worth it . It cooks much faster and produces what I would call a better -LRB- slightly crunchy -RRB- waffle that is more evenly cooked . The Cuisinart does do what everybody else complained about - the batter overflows out the front and over the control knob . Overall I was very disappointed in this product .
 Do n't buy it . After the first couple of waffles no amount of oil can make it non stick . Also , the clips that hold the iron in place are horribly weak and unsafe . That combination results in either a ripped apart waffle when you open it , or the top iron staying attached to the waffle and since this thing gets so hot you have to wait about 20 minutes until you have to pry it open.Save your money and buy something else .
 We bought this waffle iron based on `` America 's Test Kitchen '' review , which gave this `` iron '' top ratings . We bought it on-line because we could not find it sold locally.Our first waffle was `` excellent '' , but the next one was slightly less done on the half near the hinges . The third and fourth ones from this batch were unevenly browned and changing the temp setting made no difference.We waited a week -LRB- for our weekend waffle treat -RRB- and thought we should give the `` iron '' a second chance . Total disappointment . By the fourth and final waffle of the day , it was completely `` white '' when the light went out , indicating it was done . This was on the highest temp setting . -LRB- Note
 Upon first heating of waffle iron , non-stick coating peeled off in the center . Batter never touched waffle iron . I sent it back for a full refund . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 Based on the other reviews , I thought this would work for me , but it really is barely sufficient in doing either job . First off , the heat is very uneven from the front to the back . The front browns much more quickly than the back , leading to uneven sandwiches on the grill side , but worse yet , undercooked waffles on the waffle side ! I use an old recipe for waffles that I have made for years , and I have NEVER tasted that recipe taste as badly as it did on this thing ! Overdone on the outside edge of the front two , and underdone on the back two , to almost uncooked on the back edge . Besides this , it did not allow the waffle batter to rise , which made the waffles dense and chewy , and cooked what it did unevenly too ! -LRB- overcooked was speckled -RRB- Nasty!My advice is to keep looking ! If you just want something that -LRB- sort of -RRB- makes a grilled cheese sandwich , this may work for you , though honestly a pan on the stove is quicker and more convenient in clean-up . But if you want something that really does the job it is advertised to do , this is not it , by any stretch of the imagination!I give this a 1 star only because it turns on and heats , but will be the first thing I return to Amazon ! Most times if something I buy does n't work as well as I expect it to , I give it to Goodwill . But I would not do that to some unsuspecting person if they bought this thinking it would do the job for them!Oh , and this is the SECOND disappointing Black and Decker product bought in a month ! I think I see a trend here , and I will no longer consider anything made by Black and Decker .
 The first unit arrived with rusted handle rivets and blistered non-stick coating on the plates . The second unit arrived with rusted handle rivets again and scratched non-stick coating . When Presto made this exact-same unit many years ago , it contained a heating spiral underneath the coated cast-iron pates . The coating would wear off over the years , but the plates - being cast iron - would still be usable . This Black and Decker version comes with an electric stove burner in each half and a spring-loaded temperature controller that is physically presses against the bottom plate ; instant scratch if there 's cheap non-stick coating on the plates . Also , be aware that the aluminum plates , once they loose their non-stick coating , can no longer be just `` brushed clean , '' as the directions say . Please look at aluminum baking sheets to gain an understanding how you will need to bake waffles in this unit and the overdoses of butter that will be required to keep waffles from sticking . I regret throwing the 15-year old Presto unit away instead of fixing it , because this `` updated '' unit lacks basic quality control and - being aluminum instead of cast-iron - will never be `` conditioned . '' I 'm still looking for a replacement unit .
 Despite some negative reviews , I purchased this waffle iron to replace my old one . My old one was the exact same design , but by another maker -LRB- Grill Max , I think -RRB- . My previous waffle iron was amazing and lasted seven years . I used it about 4 times a month for the last 5 years . No really . I love waffles . I never had any issues with it , until one day something blew and it would n't power on anymore . So I decided to try the Black and Decker version . Maybe I just got a defective one . But the bottom plate would n't stay on . It kept popping off ... as soon as I got it out of the box . I certainly ca n't cook with a waffle iron if the plate wo n't stay down on the heating element.Thank you Amazon for making returns easy .
 This thing is a piece of junk ! The first one I got from Amazon must have had a defective heating element , because two of the waffles would be too dark and the other two would not be done enough . I returned that one -LRB- thanks Amazon for your great return policy -RRB- and got a new one very quickly . Unfortunately , though it now seems to be heating evenly , I ca n't believe the sticking problems this product has ! Out of a batch of about 48 waffles , I was able to salvage maybe 12 of them . -LRB- I kept trying different heat levels within the waffle setting , different times , etc. -RRB- The other ones all ripped apart when I opened the iron because they would n't stop sticking . Even when the outside of the waffle was way too dark brown , they still ripped apart when I opened it . And this is in the batch directly after I had slathered the stupid thing with oil . It just does n't work . In fact , one of the plates fell off one time because I had to pull so hard to get the thing open . I 'm going to check with Amazon to see if I can return this one , and then I 'm going to keep looking for another waffle iron .
 After five uses , the waffles stuck to iron . It appears that the non-stick surface did n't hold its coating . Since it was outside the warranty , I called Black & Decker to see if I could get replacement non-stick plates . They offered them to me for $ 85 with shipping . When I informed them that I can get the entire waffle iron for $ 39 at Amazon , the representative asked me if I wanted him to check if he could get a lower price . When he came back he offered the set of plates for $ 65 . I ignored the one-star reviews that complained about the coating . I thought if it happened , it would happen right away . It 's trash now and I ca n't imagine I 'll be buying a Black & Decker product again .
 According to Amazon , I bought this back in June 2011 . The whole thing has gone off . It does n't heat evenly anymore , the plates are all warped and bubbled , and the thing is n't working anymore .
 I purchased this waffle maker based on the mostly positive reviews . I have used it about six times . The waffles now cook unevenly - dark brown at the front and very light brown at the back . The last few batches of waffles now stick at the back , even when I brush a little oil on the plates . It is now in the recycling bin .
 This is a piece of junk . Poorly constructed with the cheapest of materials . It is literally a hot plate fitted with a grill pan . I made waffles twice . They took to long and never browned correctly -LRB- never had that problem with my other waffle maker -RRB- . I then decided to see if the grill part worked alright . I did n't . The cover would not close evenly on my steaks that BARELY fit in the machine . I ended up switching mid cooking to my Forman grill . I then put this on in the trash .
 brand new never baked right . top of waffle raw every time . tried different batter still the same . black and decker should ashamed to put their on this product
 This product was too small for my family 's use . Also the heating was uneven . The top plate was hotter than the bottom one and food was burned on the top and not done on the bottom .
 This is the biggest piece of crap ever . The plates will not stay in place . One small piece of bendable metal is the only thing that is keeping the plates in place . That metal clamp fails repeatedly . A waste of money .
 Unfortunately , we have had the same experience as many of the other reviewers . After we used this waffle maker only twice , the plates would no longer stay attached . The metal clips are flimsy and do not hold the plates in place . The heat warps the thin chrome , and the plates do not stay attached or aligned with each other . I even had a hard time repackaging the waffle maker to return it . It would only stay closed as long as I held the top and bottom parts together with my hand . But each time I tried to put it in the box , a plate would snap off inside , making the top of the appliance spring up.I 'm surprised by the overwhelmingly positive reviews for this appliance -LRB- I would guess that many of those reviews refer to an earlier , better quality incarnation of this product -RRB- . I wish I had paid more attention to the negative ones before purchasing .
 This is cheaply made and put together . When opening it up the top griddle falls out because the latches are cheaply made and not installed correctly . Takes too long to cook also.Black & Decker G48TD Grill and Waffle Baker
 Thought the 3 in 1 aspect would be nice
 I received this today - and out of the box the finish was chipped on the edge of the plate . Why ca n't manufacturers make a decent product - come on Black and Decker do n't produce garbage that needs to returned before you can even try it .
 This waffle maker started out okay , but I 've had it about one year and I do n't like it . The waffles always stick to the bottom or the top making it almost impossible to get them out when cooked . Lately , I 've had waffles that are more cooked on one side , so it 's not working probably . Lastly , the plates get very hot and so does the outside and I 've burned myself twice on this applicance . Both burns were very painful . I 'm currently shopping for a new waffle maker .
 Even thought the website indicated that the item was in stock , it turned out that it was n't so I never received the item .
 Since Amazon failed to comply with its own promise of seven to ten day delivery , I was forced to cancel the order after two full weeks of waiting for delivery
 The first one would n't get hot and one of the griddles would n't latch into to place on the second one.Didn ' t waste my time or Amazon 's trying a third one , nor will I ever buy anything else with Black and Decker 's name on it .
 Unfortunately , I gave my 35 year old combo waffle/pancake appliance to the Goodwill . It was still working . If I could find it I 'd buy it back!I 've struggled with the Black and Decker model and gave it away . It is very flimsy and dangerous to use because of the instbility of the irons , and the collection of grease in the edges of the waffle irons.I 've searched everywhere for another model . I 'm waiting for a manufacturer who will give us what we need.A . Snyder
 I bought this waffle maker because I thought the versatility of it would be great in my small kitchen and B&D ; has a good reputation but this is not a good product and I think it is unsafe.I used it only once and am returning it because :1
 For years I struggled with a low end plastic waffle iron . Wanting an * upgrade * , one of my cooking magazines recommended black and decker 's as being a good quality . On that , I ordered this item . I have to say initially it was a good unit , although somewhat flimsy . I liked that you could flip the griddle plates for waffles or pancakes . It gets very hot , and made nice , crispy on the outside , fluffy on the inside waffles the first time out . I was so happy at first . But now after nearly a year of occasional use the iron sticks so bad , nothing can be pried from its surface . The so called no-stick coating is worthless . Pancakes must be scraped from the griddle and waffles - just forget it , they have become one with the the iron until submerged in hot water for a few hours . I give up on this iron , now I 'm looking for another better one . And do n't think I did some crazy thing to damage the surface either . Nope , just washed it with dish soap and hot water after each use . Ca n't for the life of me figure out why its sticks so badly now . Such a shame too .
 I received this product and was forced to return it immediately . The black , non-stick coating was peeling and flaking off of the cooking plates in the box . After inspecting it further , it appears to be poorly constructed . The plates are held in place with flimsy clips , and the hinge is very thin metal . I do n't see it lasting through years of use . I had hoped for better quality , but I guess I 'll have to keep looking .
 I wanted to love this waffle iron/griddle combo ... but it has n't worked out between us . While I love that it 's big enough to make multiple pancakes or huge waffles -LRB- theoretically -RRB- , or grilled cheese sandwiches at once , I have had several issues.First of all ... to me , `` nonstick '' means food should not stick . Food DOES stick . Feel free to view my photo -LRB- appropriately captioned `` we have had issues '' -RRB- of a very stuck waffle . Mamma was n't happy that night.Second , the griddle gets so hot that the shortening we use bakes onto it permanently , making the surface tacky and gross . Even multiple trips through the dishwasher have failed to remove this residue.Third , this thing gets scary hot . I am afraid of it.This must have worked well for some people , based on the good reviews I read before purchasing , but I want my old waffle iron back ... the one where I could actually get my waffles out to be able to eat them .
 I did n't learn the first time ! I bought two of these grills because I thought it was a fluke when the non-stick coating peeled off the first one . We were even more careful with the second one but had the same problem . When I called Black and Decker customer service to buy replacement grills I discovered the replacements cost $ 55.00 which is almost as much as a new appliance . I hate to throw away a perfectly good electrical appliance . So I wo n't be buying this particular device again !
 We 've had this product for a couple years . The clips no long hold the plates in . Just imagine -- pouring the batter , then trying to close the lid . If the top plate does stay in , it certainly will not stay clipped when the waffle is done and you try to lift the lid . Then you have a very hot mess.The only thing we use this for now is pancakes because we can keep both lids open so it does not fall apart . In my opinion , Black & Decker should recall this evil monster .
 My mother had a waffle maker like this one , passed down from her mother . Shortly after I became an adult , the heating element of hers finally died and I was left waffle-less for several years . Then I found this . I was happy.I do n't know how , but the quality has changed dramatically over the years , despite looking essentially the same . My mother 's / grandmother 's waffles NEVER stuck to the plates -- even a few times when they were left in until completely charred , they peeled right out without any trouble . THIS product , however , has the ability to permanently glue any substance into its tiny crevices , regardless of how well cooked . Even better is the fact that BOTH plates have equal sticking power , making it such that every time you open the iron expecting a waffle , you instead get a view of the inside of what should have been your waffle.Others have mentioned that no amount of oil will prevent sticking -- I 'd like to qualify that
 I owned two different units of this product and the nonstick coating on the griddle plates chips very very easily . I do n't know how it chipped . We do n't use metal utensils while cooking and we cleaned it in accordance with the manual instruction . This is unsafe . I called B&D to see if I can get some satisfaction , but the second supervisor I talked to stated that all they could do is send a replacement AFTER I cut the plug off the unit and mail it back to them along with $ 7.50 . What kind of warranty is that if I have to pay anything to get a new unit ? Further , I just wanted a refund because it is apparently a design defect . What a damn hassle and disappointment . You get what you pay for . The George Foreman 's nonstick coating lasts longer .
 There are 4 sections to the waffle baker . The 2 front sections bake the waffle very nicely , but the back 2 sections do bake very poorly . In order to bake the back 2 section , you have to leave the waffle in the baker causing the front 2 waffles to overcook . Very dissapointing .
 Yes , this product does get very hot , but the instructions warn you of that . I did n't have the sticking problems making waffles that other reviewers had , but the non-stick coating on the griddle started flaking off the first time I used it , and every time since . Now I will no longer use the griddle . I do n't want to eat non-stick coating along with my grilled cheese ! This seems like a ridiculous design flaw , even for an inexpensive appliance .
 Cheap , poor quality . Spring clip on front broke on second use , trays never stayed in place well , very easy to burn yourself on it , small . Threw it away within 2 weeks as it was unusable -LRB- clip broke and trays would not stay in contact with heating element -RRB- .
 This is the worst small appliance I have ever owned in the almost 50 years I have been cooking . No matter how the waffle plates have been seasoned the waffles are impossible to get out . If the grids are over-saturated with oil to get them out , the waffles are inedible . Also , the plates fall out very easily and are not held well in the clamps .
 I 've had this appliance for several years and used it lightly -LRB- 2x per month -RRB- . The plates have never heated evenly - one side was always hotter than the other . Now it 's so bad the waffles only get done on one side .
 On face value , this looks like a great waffle maker . But the clips that hold the waffle plates are very flimsy , and do not hold the weight of the plates . The first -LRB- and only -RRB- time I used this , the plate kept falling off , it 's a very hot iron , and was very dangerous having it slam down in the middle of taking the waffles out . Black & Decker will give you the run around , and there 's no ability to replace the parts . It is a faulty design . I do not recommend this product .
 This thing is cheap , light , and poorly made . Although it looks like an old fashioned waffle maker , do n't be fooled , as it weighs about 1/10 of the old ones it is made to resemble . After using it 2-3 times the plates would not line up with each other , and no matter what we did with the cheap spring that is supposed to keep them in place the plates would just fall out . It 's being sent back .
 This may look like mom 's but it sure does n't work like hers . It does n't heat evenly . The outside gets very hot . The metal cover is very thin . I would n't buy it at any price . It does produce a waffle and for that it gets two stars.Update -- I 'd change my rating to 1 star . I replaced this with the Villa waffle iron . What an improvement !
 I bought this waffle maker to replace one just like it that had stopped heating the lower grill . This brand new one heats both grills unevenly . The side next to the hinge gets less heat than the side near the control . I can live with it , but am very disappointed that it does not work correctly .
 I ordered this after my waffle iron 's heating element gave up the ghost . When it arrived I was more than disappointed . The quality of the waffle maker was poor . The hinges seemed as if they would fall off with a good shake . The inside of the the waffle iron was very shallow and the size of the `` 4 '' waffles it would supposedly make would have been smaller than slices of diet bread . I returned it unused .
 I bought this and the first thing that happened as the grills would not stay in place - particulary when you are cooking waffles - they fall onto each other causing burns etc. . This thing is 5 months old and I 'm buying a new waffle iron as this is junk . It is much better as something to make grilled cheese etc. but as a waffle iron - it stinks .
 I 've had this waffle iron for less than a year and it stopped heating on the top element ... what a waste of money ! I 'll find an OLD good one -LRB- they work forever -RRB- in a thrift shop .
 Makes a good waffle , but the way it is built makes it hard to clean the batter that seeps under the irons .
 Half our kitchen is outfitted by appliances specifically recommended by the folks at Cooks Illustrated.I bought TWO of these waffle makers -- based entirely on Cook 's Illustrated recommendation.We were replacing hand-me-down-from-mom round waffle maker from 1970 that would have been appropriate for Appolo 13 movie set . BUT ... . it continues to work great even today.Enter new B&D ; G48TD -- first impression
 I have this waffle baker for some time now.I dont know if i done something wrong , but even when buttering the surface i cant make waffles without sticking it.Only way waffles can be done in this machine is that i use significant amounts of butter on both sides , killing the taste of my waffles , featured in Williams Sonoma Collection - Breakfast - as `` Buttermilk Waffles '' . I also have a Salton Singles waffle maker , bought incredibly in 1991 , works fine , needs buttering only the first time , making up to 25 waffles without needing to re-butter itAlso , I consider a health hazard using the bd waffle iron . Device does not fold in a safely manner , and steam comes from all sides of device . Hope this was helpful
 I bought this because I thought it would be &#34; just like the waffle iron I grew up with &#34; and just like the one I have now that my grandmother gave me 15 years ago . Many reviewers lead me to believe this was true , so I took a chance and ordered it . The one I have now works , but you have to flip the waffles to get them evenly brown on both sides . First of all , the plates are not the cast iron like what I have now and they are smaller . The clips to hold the plates in are flimsy , I could easily see them bending or , worse yet , breaking off . The topper of them all , the clips do n't hold the plates in securely . This is a cheap imitaion -LRB- made in China -RRB- of quality product that was made in America that apparently can not be purchased anymore . This is going back . I 'll keep flipping .
 I thought I finally found the perfect waffle maker - I do n't want belgian waffles , I want the old fashioned thinner kind ... and , this fit the bill . However , on making my 2nd batch of waffles , the plates fell off - poor construction , wish I had sprung for a better quality model : -LRB-
 I checked this unit out at a Linen 's & More store . It 's only 8 '' by 8 '' instead of 10 '' by 10 '' like the they used to be made . Each waffle is a single serving . Pretty flimsy construction too .
 This makes a great grilled cheese , but the waffles kept sticking , no matter what recipe I used . I went back to my older Belgian waffle maker .
 Pretty much pure junk . VERY cheaply made and cooks inconsistently . The fit of the griddle plates is so poor that they usually fall out of place while preparing waffles . Obviously when the griddle is 400 + degrees this presents a bit of safety issue . Unfortunately I had to waste $ 40 to come to the conclusion that I should n't have gone cheap when purchasing a waffle maker . Oh well , you live and learn I suppose .
 Horrible . I 'm sending mine back . Too lightweight and cheep . The grill panels slipped out of the holders whenI opened my waffle . Do n't waist your time and money on this one .
 Tried to replace a grill & waffle baker -LRB- by another mfg -RRB- that has served well for 40 + years . Unhappy with Black & Decker choice - cast iron plates are good , but fit grill body poorly . Body is cheaply made . Put the new grill/waffle plates into my 40 + year old grill and threw the new B&D grill & waffle baker body away .
 I was very excited about finding this waffle maker . It reminded me of the one my mom used over 40 years ago & my memories of light fluffy waffles prompted me to buy it . It does looks great but it is very disappointing . The waffle iron takes over 15 minutes to warm up ... a long time when you 're trying to feed hungry impatient kids in the morning . It also neeeds to be oiled before every use or the waffles will stick to the iron . They stick sometimes anyway & it is maddening to wait and wait to see that red light go off only to find the waffles split in two , stubbornly clinging to both sides of the iron . There is no beep indicating when the iron is warmed up or when the waffles are done so you basically have to sit around & watch it like a hawk . I would return it but I got rid of the box . Look elsewhere for waffle happiness .
 I 'm not impressed with this particular model . There is too much guesswork in figuring out whether or not the waffle is done or not , PLUS it 's hard to get the batter into it evenly all the way to the corners . I guess I 'll have to hunt for a round one .
 I was looking for a compact electric kettle because , as a tea drinker , I wanted HOT water FAST . -LRB- The microwave oven was very slow , even for my one-cup-at-a-time use . -RRB- I selected this one because of the ratings and because of its clean lines . One thing I did not anticipate , which is important to know if you intend to purchase this particular model -- the outside of this kettle gets HOT ! If you touch any part of it -LRB- other than the handle -RRB- after the water has boiled , you will know it .
 These are described as stainless steel , but they rusted dramatically after being washed once . They are so badly stained at this point , that we do n't even use them . The only useful part of this product is the wooden storage tray , if you have other knives that will fit .
 Just received the set of knives I ordered . The product description is misleading . There are not made in France but rather in China . Also , 2 of the knives came bent .
 This item arrived in horrible condition . 3 of the knives had the tips broken off , 2 were slightly bent , and most of the handles -LRB- which were highly polished -RRB- had scuff/scratch marks on the middle as if they were thrown around excessively before packing -LRB- IE ; this WAS N'T a shipment issue , they HAD to be in this condition prior to being put in the package -RRB- . Aside from that , the knives did n't really have a substantial or `` heavy '' feel in the hand , they were relatively small and sortof cheap looking . Very poor quality .
 All of the knives are bent with dirty mark everywhere , I can not believe they can carry the sabatier name for such quality ...
 I thought this would be a good one . I 've tried many others . One of the cylinders burst after about 30 days ... not extensive use ... I was very disappointed . But thanks to Amazon no prob with returns . I 'm still searching for a good airbed !
 Does not live up to its reputation as being qood quality . Sure grip bottom did not prevent it from moving when placed on a carpeted floor . Worst feature was the way it sags from the edges of the top toward the middle of the bed . Quite obvious soon as it is full of air but more importantly extremely uncomfortable for two people . We returned it which is something we rarely do . I do not recommend this product .
 My husband and I use the air mattress to play video games on when he has a really long one . Within the first week one of the chambers had popped up ! I never liked it as much as our Intex one that lasted us over a year . It just never was as comfortable . We had just thrown out the box , so I 'm not sure what we are going to do next , but I really wish we had either gotten the Intex again , or gotten the more expensive one . Will not buy Wenzel again .
 The two Wenzel Insta-beds I purchased had leaks . Amazon was kind enough to send two replacements that so far are OK . I am very concerned about the quality of construction of the Wenzel beds .
 After about 8 uses -LRB- over 21/2 months -RRB- , the motor died which fills both chambers . Before it died my parents said they seemed to roll towards eachother in the center -LRB- they are average sized and not heavy -RRB- . Sadly , we are returning this product . I was hopeful , as it was fairly nice quality until it stopped working .
 If you like a bed that pushes your body into the center with raised edges , than this is the bed for you . A bed should be flat . This bed was designed by someone who never even tried to lie down in it . The design is totally flawed . My biggest fears were buying an air bed that leaked , not one that puts strain on your body because it is not flat . Horrible design . F. Waste of money .
 We 've only had this bed less than a month and it leaks , and each time we blow it up , it swells up a bit more , in other words , it do n't hold its original shape .
 I bought this bed a month ago and have been sleeping on it with my partner every night -LRB- our bed is in storage , we 're in the process of moving -RRB- . It was pretty comfortable , but I have two complains .1
 I just bought this air mattress because I read alot of positive reviews but am not satisfied with it . Everynight we inflate it we were comfortable but after an hour or so it would lose air and we would both start sliding toward the center . It was very uncomfortable when both of us ended in the middle . It would of pershaps been better to buy 2 twin size instead of a queen . I do n't really recommend this product to anybody . Pershaps a twin for each person but never a queen for 2 people .
 I purchased this bed for my parents to use while visiting over the holidays . It lasted three days . On the third night , the mattress rapidly lost air -LRB- during the middle of the night -RRB- and I have not been able to locate where the air is leaking from . It is not returnable and so I spent $ 100 for the use of an air mattress for three nights . Two and half if you want to get technical since my parents ended up on the floor by 1am . Also , my parents are elderly and this was not a pleasant experience for them . I was greatly dissapointed in this product and would not recommend anyone to purchase it .
 After a couple months of moderate use , it kersploded . It was just me on the bed . I am of average weight , I was n't jumping or standing on it , it was n't even very full of air . I repositioned myself , it went pop , now I have a lumpy child-sized bed . This is not a small hole that can be patched . It is a catastrophic rupture.Edit
 We 'd bought one for our cabin . In six months , used less than 10 times . Popped whilewe were laying on it . -LRB- No we are not fat . -RRB- VERY poor quality and abysmal customerservice ! Wenzel would not replace nor refund . Absolutely useless ! Beware !
 We were traveling to visit family and had ordered the bed to be shipped to their house so it would be there when we arrived instead of having to pack it and drive it up there . Little did we know that we had purchased a defective product and the bed would not hold air . We attempted to work with if for 6 hours -LRB- while we were visiting family -RRB- and finally gave up . Luckily , in a town of 2500 people in Michigan 's upper peninsula , the only store in town sold a nice coleman queen inflatable with built in pump that we were able to sleep comfortably on . The only redeeming feature of this purchase was Amazon.com 's easy internet trade in system where you print a label from the computer ship it back for free.I should have remembered the Wenzel tent I purchased 2 years ago when the center pole snapped in half after two uses !!! I guess this is a brand to avoid completely . I have certainly learned my lesson .
 I purchase the bed back in December and waited for over a month since it was backordered . After finally receving it I thought the reviews I read were worthy , it looked like a great product . Then I tried to use it . Right next to the pump there was a small tear . I patched it and filled it up . It felt great to lay on . The next four days the unit continued to leak from another area that I could n't find . When I called to return , customer service was very helpful . However , after receiving the replacement last week , things got worse . First , the unit is completely different than what I originally ordered . When I called , Wenzel said that this bed -LRB- which is still listed on Amazon -RRB- was no longer available and they sent me a Wenzel bed with the L.L.Bean label . This unit has a rechargeable battery which , it states in the instructions , needs to be charged every month whether I am using it or not . THIS IS NOT WHAT I ORDERED , OR WANT . I do n't want to be worried if they unit is charged or not , and it is not designed to be inflated just by the plug in transformer . Now when I did plug the unit in to charge the battery , the transformer overheated after a couple hours and would not work again . When I called this morning to Wenzel they stated they did not know what type of bed they would be replacing this one with because there product line is changing again . Three months , two garbage cans filled with airbeds and one customer who relied on a bunch of good reviews for this product who now does n't know who to believe when researching a product .
 It developed a slow leak and now the pump has stopped working . I 've only had it a short time and I 'm considering sending it back if that is possible . I did n't keep the original packaging . It was an expensive experiment and I 'll be buying a sofa bed for extra guests . $ 100 totally wasted .
 I bought this product because there are so many reviews said it is a good product however my experience on this bed was poor.The quality of this product is bad . I need to add air every 30 mins to keep it firm because it did has a slow leaking problem.I would not reccomend this product. : -LRB-
 After reading positive reviews for this product , we ordered one , which was delivered today . It proved to be defective , as one of the two pump switches was jammed and would not operate . I called Wenzel 's customer service line , and was on hold for over 45 minutes No one picked up my call . I called back , and waited a further 30 minutes . Again , no one picked up.At this point , I decided no matter how good their product may be , I no longer wanted anything to do with a company with this type of `` service . '' I have requested a refund and am returning this product . Further attempts to contact Wenzel have proved fruitless.I would NOT recommend dealing with this company based on my experience .
 Very , very disappointing , not usable unless I can figure a way around the `` fall toward the middle '' issue . Directions are clear and mattress is easy to inflate ; however when you sit or lay on it , you immediately roll toward the middle of the mattress . In my situation this was to be used as a temp/guest sleep solution , but no way two people can sleep on the mattress . If one gets up , it 's like being at the top of a seesaw and having the person on the bottom get off and drop you . Even one night on it alone was a bad night ; if you turn from your side onto your back in your sleep , you 'll just keep rolling . I 've tried manipulating the air in upper/lower chambers , only makes it worse . The line in the ad about `` flex coil construction for sleeping in stable and firm positions '' is a bunch of baloney . Do n't waste your money !!
 The bed inflated quickly , which was a plus ; however , after sleeping on it the air leaked out . That 's why it was returned . After inflation it was quite firm . The next morning it was too soft . Almost like climbing out of a hole .
 Only used once and it never stayed inflated for this amount of money thought it would had lasted at least one day .
 After reading the reviews , I still took a chance on the good reviews . But the reviews that spoke of NOT holding air , -LRB- not even for one night -RRB- has been true for my purchase . I am so disappointed !!! Unless you are a gambler and you feel lucky , I would steer clear .
 I had high hopes , and spent more than a lot of airbeds cost , to finally get one that did n't leak.Not so much . It leaked enough overnight that it was n't very comfortable . Tried it several times , pumping it up more and more , with the same results.I returned it .
 Purchased the Wenzel mattress and returned two times . Used it for for two relatives -LRB- n = 2 -RRB- who had to sleep on this product when they unexpectedly had to vacate their residence -LRB- and live with us -RRB- . They are not heavy people . The mattress is a great concept , but it loses approximately 25 % of air every night . Consequently , we had to add air before bedtime each and every day . By 8:00 AM every morning , the mattress was considerably softer -LRB- less air -RRB- than the night before . Within two nights , the air was half way depleted in each and every unit . Returned the mattress twice for replacements and had the same problem with each one . Every time , customer service was very helpful , but it became a pain to ship defective units back to the manufacturer.We did n't have the same issue of the mattress feeling `` cold '' as some other reviewers note . The third and final mattress found a home in a local dumpster as we could not give it to a homeless shelter due to the air leaking issue . Perhaps we got a bad production run?We finally purchased an air mattress from LL Bean and did n't have an issue.The Wenzel mattress grips the floor well -LRB- does not slip -RRB- and accommodates a queen mattress protector and queen sheets well . If it held air for longer than a night , it would be great . Unfortunately , it 's not and we do not recommend purchase having owned three units.There is a reason this is currently being sold as the deal of the day on Woot.com -LRB- Amazon 's worse of the worse graveyard -RRB- .
 I bought this item as a gift for my son and his wife . They were returning from six months abroad and renting an unfurnished house . I thought it would give them comfort during their first nights home and could later be used for guests . However , the inner chamber did not stay inflated . In spite of several attemps to reinflate the inner chamber , it continued to deflate . I would not buy this product again .
 Read many reviews and was super excited about purchasing this bed since we were about to have our first child and would be expecting several out-of-town guests . From its first use though , it leaked and had to be re-filled with air each night and our guests were very uncomfortable sleeping on it . After about 10 uses there was a big bubble coming from the interior chamber and by morning our guests were virtually on the floor it had sunk down so low in the middle ! Unfortunately , Amazon only has a one-month return on this item and so by the time we discovered it was defective , the month had ended and they will only offer a partial refund -LRB- ? -RRB- and require buyer to pay shipping both ways . Not fun . Going to call the company and hope for better customer service there !
 I ordered this for a back up for my son that was coming home for Christmas . I followed all the suggestions of inflating and deflating several times before putting any weight on it . I did n't need it to be perfect , but it is awful . My son weighs about 140 lbs . and he ca n't get through one night without losing 1/3 of the air . It would be great if we just had to touch it up each night , but this is terrible . I think my son would rather be back in his bunk in Iraq!I can count on one hand the number of products that I have returned to Amazon . This would be one of them if I could . Unfortunately , I ordered it early so that it would be here and I could do the prep before he got here for the holidays . Now I 'm out of my return period.oh and my husband and I laid on it and we roll to the middle . There is NO WAY that two people could sleep on this .
 I had this bed for less than a year and within 9-10 months there was a problem . The center of the bed on top had expanded to form a huge bubble . I could not sleep on the bed comfortably because of this bubble . I had used numerous air beds over the years but this one gave out too soon . I had one before that lasted several years before the air bubble thing happened . I do n't know what brand of air bed to buy that does n't do the bubble stuff but I wo n't buy until I know this wo n't happen again .
 Sorry to say ... . This mattress was very painful to sleep on . You and your partner tend to roll to the middle so you have to over inflate to prevent that . The outcome is a way too hard bed that causes aches and pains all night long . I am considering returning the mattress , if that is possible .
 We used this bed every day for almost four weeks while family was visiting from out of town . It inflated easily and relatively quickly . It would have been ideal if the inflation tool shut off automatically when the bed was inflated , since it was hard to be sure when inflation was complete - but this is a small matter . The bed was was a good size and was moderately comfortable . It was softer than anyone preferred , and made a lot of noise when one moved on it , but I suppose that 's normal for an air bed.For the first week , it held air well . For the second week , we had to re-inflate it every day . But after about three weeks , it did n't hold air at all . It was a soft , sagging mess that trapped us in deep pockets and pushed us off on to the floor . Repeated attempts to re-inflate were unsuccessful , as the bed always lost its air in reasonably short order.The bottom line is that I ca n't recommend this bed for anyone who plans to use it for more than a week .
 I was psyched at getting this . Pump worked great . The issue was there was a hole in the crease at the top where it could not be mended . Had to return and will probably go with a simpler setup .
 This is the second Wenzel Insta-Bed that we purchased , the first bed was excellent and has held up well , but the second bed has a bad leak and can not be returned . We purchased these beds so that we would have a place to sleep when we visited our children in other states . It was so disappointing when we visited our daughter 's family recently and the bed would not stay inflated and the leak was so bad that we could n't repair it . It 's too bad that products are not made to last . I 'm sure the other bed will probably develop the same leak in time .
 I bought this airbed based on users ' reviews.I rated the Wenzel Insta-Bed Queen Raised Sure Grip Bottom with Built-in Pump with 2 stars only because it 's more reliable than a couple of other brands I 've used in the past.The biggest flaw this air bed has is that bulges outward too much , preventing even the deepest fitting sheets to bunch up and eventually slip off . It also makes a loud creeking noise when you get off of the bed . And some of the reviews that reported sinking in the middle were n't kidding
 This bed is the worst air bed I have ever owned I bought it because of all the reviews it had and that some people were using it on a daily basis . I have only had this bed for two months and the one of the seems burts in the middle of the night as I was sleeping . After speending the whole next day fixing and patching the one seem the very next day after that another seem burst as I was laynig down to sleep . this is crazy I spent $ 120 on a bed for it it barly last 2 months now im left sleeping on the floor because I am unable to afford buying a new bed . I will never buy this product ecer again . Amazons policy is you can only return something after 30 days to me is unfair because this bed is so new and gently used . I can understand if I abused this bed but that is simply just not the case I AM VERY DISSAPOINTED IN THIS PRODUCT AND I HOPE OTHER DO NOT BUY THIS AND BE JUST AS UNSATISFIED AS I AM ...
 Bought on line , got it 2 days later , easy , just push two buttons and it inflates and same thing to deflate . Its been used for last week straight with good air holding , comfortable , especially if you put a extra blanket on it . big enough for two , though we 've had on 200lb 6ft 2inch male on it comfortable . Nice to not have one that you end up on the floor in the AM .
 I gave one star in order to get published . If I had the option , I would have designated minus five stars . I opened it and inflated it in accordance with the instructions . It immediately began to deflate . The pump motor housing was not properly sealed to the vinyl . I could feel the air blowing back in my face as though I was sitting in front of an electric fan . I tried duct tape around the pump motor and thought I had stopped the leaking . But two hours later I found it was deflated . Obviously there were more leaks than I could see or hear . I was preparing a return to Amazon when I realized that the motor -LRB- which must be used to deflate the mattress -RRB- does n't take out all the air . Thus , I was unable to fold it back up and fit it into the box it came in . This is a true horror story.But , Amazon Customer Service listened patiently to my tale of woe and agreed to let me throw away the mattress and refund my credit card . I have always loved shopping at Amazon 's website . Since I am handicapped , I buy virtually everything through Amazon . But this time they came through for me with flying colors . I also recommended to Customer Service that Amazon have a look at this product before continuing to sell it . I do n't want to see Amazon 's good name spoiled by a piece of junk . I read two thirds of the reviews on this website before I purchased this air mattress . Maybe I was singled out for a fluke . But most reviews were very favorable . I did n't see any review that even suggested the kind of problem I had . Maybe the customers who got my problem were so disgusted they did n't bother to write.I am writing as an act of charity to save all of you the same experience . Do n't buy this product unless you like playing roulette .
 I bought this product based on the good reviews it had but was really disappointed as the product failed to perform from the time I got it out of the box and set it up . It was leaking air continuously . At one point , it deflated on its own by about 30 % . In addition , the smell of the plastic was overwhelming . I was really disappointed and thank goodness Amazon was willing to refund me 100 % !
 Although the air mattress seemed durable and was comfortable , after using the mattress only 2 times , a leak developed . My husband and I woke after about 2 hours of sleeping to find ourselves sunken on the floor . The leak was so quick and the mattress so deflated that we were stuck in the middle of the air mattress on the floor while the sides of the mattress were up in the air , making it really difficult for us to get out of the bed . We had to sleep -LRB- or try to sleep -RRB- on couch cushions for the remainder of the night . I am returning it and hoping for a full refund , given the 1 year warranty .
 This was a great bed until the top stitches started ripping out and the bed started forming bumps all over the place that made in uncomfortable to sleep in .
 With family inbound for the holidays , we realized that we needed more beds in our home . After weeks of researching inflatable beds , I finally came to purchase the Wenzel Insta-Bed . I have to say that the product reviewers were wrong in every possible way . I purchased two of these for quite a bit of money , but in this case , more expensive just means wasted money on junk.These beds are no different than any other raised air mattress . The first one I received , it looked like Amazon repackaged a returned one -- the box was opened , and the mattress was n't packed correctly . I thought , `` Well , maybe it 'll still work . '' The second one looked brand new , but after inflating , it was quite obvious that the upper part of the mattress was glued on crookedly -- the top was not in line with the bottom at any corner , which made putting the bed up against a wall impossible.Both performed about the same . They pumped quickly , but within the night of being slept on , both needed air to be repumped . I 'm not sure why -- there were no obvious leaks . Perhaps there were several slow leaks in both . When pumped however , they were much more comfortable than typical air mattresses . I guess there 's something to that 15 or so chambers in the mattress.Pros : - When inflated the first night , they are REALLY comfortable - Inflates quickly , within 3-5 minutes depending on how firm you like your mattressCons : - Expensive - Do n't hold air beyond 1 night - Beds can come irregularly shaped and may not be able to hold sheet setsBe careful when you get this . If you want to repump a bed every day , or spend a lot on a air mattress , then go ahead . If not , look for something else .
 I bought this product focusing on the positive reviews here on Amazon . After returning the first one due to a leaky seam from day one , the replacement is now leaking after two uses . The product was babied , the seams are not durable enough to handle pressure . I took the precaution of sweeping the carpet where the product was placed and letting it sit for several hours filled half way to give the material a chance to stretch . I am 100 % sure I did not overfill . It was not even firm . Someone who weights 130 pounds slept on it . Well below the maximum weight limit . The first night was fine . Throughout the second night it began losing a majority of the air and continues to do so . I should have tested the replacement before the 30 day return window , but I really thought the first one was just bad luck . Now the second is even worse luck and I am stuck with a useless pile of vinyl . Wenzel should not even offer a warranty . It is impossible to talk to an actual person from the company .
 This bed was used a handful of times , formed a bubble in the center that would not go away and eventually sprung a leak and is now useless . I would not reccomend this product whatsoever .
 First the good news ; the price was right , it inflated with no problems , held air -LRB- so far -RRB- , and is comfortable to sleep on.Now the bad news ; the `` auto deflate '' feature does n't work as advertised . The electric pump sucks out the air from the bottom of the mattress , but then the plastic material collapses around the pump so that it no longer can pull air from the pillow top section . Ultimately it overheats the pump and you have to turn it off for 30 minutes to let the motor cool down . In order to get the rest of the air out , I had to have one person wrestle with the built-in pump and the collapsed material around it so it would n't clog the inside of the airway , while I laid on the mattress to help force air out . It would have been much simpler if this mattress had a manual release valve to allow air out . With the pump as the only method of pulling air out , this is a PAIN.The price made this an appealing purchase , but I would n't recommend it and I would n't buy it again .
 Just purchased 2 of these bed for my upcoming camping trip this weekend . Received it in two days using prime shipping . Tested both and both would not hold air over night . I would understand having one of them being a defective unit , but both ??? There are two separate air chambers in this bed . Outer air chamber seems to be fine on both untis but I think it 's the mid air chamber that is leaking . I also noticed that there are n't any `` support '' on mid section either .
 I was really sorry about this bed , which I returned within a week . It is wonderfully comfortable -- easily as comfortable as my own bed -- but I tried it three nights in a row , and each morning I woke up to a significantly deflated mattress . Given that other reviewers here have had better experience in this regard , maybe I just got a dud . By the way , like all inflatable beds , this one emits a very powerful chemical smell . I imagine it would dissipate after a few uses , but if you get it , plan on putting it in a room with an open window at first .
 I purchased this item after reading about an hour of reviews . I was excited to use the product on a upcoming camping trip . When the item arrived I inflated the bed according the the instruction book and immediately noticed that the outer chambers inflated approx 4 '' higher then the inner camber . This caused a V shape to the bed . I tried even letting some air out of the outer chamber and adding more to the inner but if you laid to close to the edge you would fall out then . I figured I would try if for the night , that was a mistake . when I woke up about 7 hours later , the bed lost about 2 '' of air and had a back ache from hell . I packed the bed up and had UPS pick up the package 6 hour later . That 's my experience . I reorder a different mattress from a different manufacture , have my fingers crossed .
 After doing hours of research and reading all sorts of reviews , I gave this bed the best shot I could . Understanding that this bed 's PVC material stretches with use , I was fine with adding air after each of the first few uses . Okay , I woke up feeling like I was sleeping in a hammock , but that would change , right?Unfortunately , the situation remained the same . Worse
 Over the past year and 5 months we have used the Insta bed approximately 5 times . Today we began filling it up for another use and as we did , the center chambers separated creating a large bulge in the middle of the bed . I would have thought that it would be useable for more times than this . I was surprised to find that the warranty was for only 1 year . The previous inflatable bed we had served us well for well over 5 years and many more uses than this one . Now I know not to consider Wenzel when I replace this bed .
 I bought this bed on August 11 of last year . Today , August 10 , 2012 , I came home and found a huge bulge in the middle.This is the great curse of air mattresses
 I purchased this air mattress 5 months ago on Amazon . Long story short , a few nights ago my boyfriend and I went to sleep on the inflated bed and woke up on the floor because of a hole in the mattress . No kidding . This `` premium '' air-mattress lasted only 5 months . I gave the bed 2 stars because even though I did not like sleeping on it , my boyfriend thought it was comfy and slept on it without problem . If you decide to buy this pretty expensive mattress , do n't have high hopes for it in terms of durability and anticipate that if your mattress rips/breaks after Amazon 's 30 day policy , you 'll be forced to deal with Wenzel and their limited 1 year warranty which depending on how great their customer service is , could have you eating the cost of the mattress .
 I bought this bed for guests coming over , and it 's already spring a leak after 2 times of use.The design is poor because the hard plastic holding the pump controls cuts into the softer elastic material when you fold the bed . This creates tears around the pump controls . I do n't know how the designer could not have anticipated this.The patch adhesive that came with the bed does n't work well , so my guests have now had to endure sleeping on a bed that turns soft in the middle of the night , only having to repump it every morning.The materials used are too fragile for normal use , so stay away from this product .
 Only lasted for about a couple of months before it sprung a leakWe were using if for guests then lent it to a family member who reported it started leaking the second day they had itDo n't know the circumstances or reason but for the price , it would have thought it would have been more ruggedThe leak is in the seam so it is nearly impossible to fix
 Had to return this product simply because of the dual chamber , which I thought would be a positive . There is an inner chamber and an outer chamber . If you do n't get it just perfect you end up sleeping in a canoe . Which by the way got worse the more we used it .
 I purchased this for my daughter and it only lasted a couple of weeks . I expected it to be made of a thicker material .
 I purchased this air bed for a spare bed to be used by guests . Immediately upon trying this air mattress , it was apparent that it would n't support two people . It sags terribly with two people regardless of how often you try to inflate it through the night . I thought that maybe the mattress was faulty , but I can get no response from Wenzel for any warranty service . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 I 've had this mattress for less than 6 months , and used it during a move between apartments when we did n't have furniture -LRB- roughly 1 weeks use -RRB- . Unfortunately , on the second use , we discovered that during our sleep , the air slowly deflates from the bed , and if you 're sleeping on the side , you 'll likely roll off onto the floor - quite a startling experience , let me assure you . Sadly , you ca n't re-inflate the bed quietly - it uses wall-powered pumps that are very loud - so you 're relegated to sleeping in the middle of this bed , and heaven help you if you must share the bed.I tried returning it to Amazon , but the return policy only extends 30 days , so I 'm left with a mattress that 's `` kinda '' good for a night 's sleep , but not worth the money if it pulls these tricks in less than 6 months .
 Forget buying this air mattress . It leaked from the 1st day and even when it was fully inflated it was uncomfortable . I have tried the Aerobed with headboard in the past and found the Aerobed to be far more comfortable .
 I received the bed via express shipping for a $ 60.00 charge . When it arrived , I immediately set it up . It was great for the first night . By the second night , it had begun losing some air from the inner bladder , not too bad though . The air loss increased throughout the following week so that I was reinflating the mattress several times during the night . I was hoping this airbed , due to its dual bladder design , would last a while , but it did not . I have yet to find one that has any lasting power . I will not purchase another .
 It was a beautiful and comfortable bed but would not hold the air . We would put the air in it and by morning you were sleeping on the floor . Sent the 1st one back and the 2nd one did the same thing . I would not refer this to a friend .
 I purchased this bed in September for guests I was expecting and used it myself too when they left after a week . However in less than a month I found it losing air in the night and it was annoying to use the noisy pump a couple of times at night . I have used other cheaper air mattresses in the past and they lasted longer than this higher-priced piece . I expected better.I called the customer service to exercise my warranty and they said they would forward me documents towards the same . I still have n't received anything . I am not happy with this purchase .
 Only used 5 times before it became unusable . The mattress now has a huge pocket of air in the middle of the bed when inflated . Its like the inner walls broke that normally trap the air.Originally , I was really excited about this product , but considering I only use this when guests stay with me , and this product defect led to a very uncomfortable nights sleep on the couch , I urge you not to take the chance that this wo n't happen to you .
 We enjoyed this bed for about 5 days , found it very comfortable and easy to inflate . However , one day , we walked in to find that it was pregnant . That 's right , there was a huge bump in the middle of it , and nothing we did could get rid of it . An inner chamber must have burst or something . We never moved it , etc , so believe that it was something faulty with the bed itself . Just glad this happened in time to get a refund . Also have to note that some family members got the same bed around the same time and had to send theirs back because it was saggy in the middle - we did not have this problem with ours , but because we both had defective beds , we decided not to replace it and just get a refund .
 We bought this mattress only looking at the positive reviews . We should have looked at the negative ones . We used this thing 3 times , by the 3rd time it would no longer hold any air.I called the company -LRB- On hold for almost an hour -RRB- . The lady tried to tell me they test each one before they leave the factory.Since we hardly used it , only when guests came over , it was over the 30 day warranty period.I called Wenzel , they told me I had to call Amazon . Amazon told me it 's to late.STAY FAR FAR FAR FAR FAR AWAY FROM THIS BED
 Very expensive for what you got . Very unconfortable mattress . Maybe for one night . Try to find another mattress , your back will thank you.Much publicity and bad product .
 This has to be one of the worst beds I have had . It is so hard and the coils in the middle stick up and hurt my back . I really hope I can return it !
 This thing is terrible . Granted , I have NEVER been satisfied with an air mattress . They 're horrible , useless things . I 'd rather sleep on the thermarest sleeping pad I take backpacking . So the only explanation I can think of for the average 4 star review is that the bar is set so low for these things that any product that does n't explode on inflation warrants 4 stars . There 's no way to sleep comfortably on this mattress . When fully inflated the top of the mattress is so concave that it 's uncomfortable for one person and absolutely impossible for a couple . Two people sleeping on this thing would have to work VERY hard not to end up on top of each other . I suppose there 's a place for that , but I 'm not about to force it on my poor guests . I feel like an idiot for trying one more air mattress before giving up entirely . I was duped by the four star rating.Do not buy this thing . It 's worthless . It 's so useless that it makes me miss futons . I would rather time travel back to 1992 and sleep on a futon than sleep on this mattress.Also , it 's about 17 feet high . Maybe this explains why it 's concave on the top , so hapless sleepers do n't roll off and fall to their deaths .
 This bed leaked right out of the box . The pump is built in so when you wake up because half of the air has leaked out you can reach over the side an turn pump on to refill it . It does n't get more convenient than that !! What a great bed .
 I bought this as a bed for my son & wife for Christmas . On arrival I realized that it was only for US power , I will have to purchase a transformer to operate it in Australia , this will cost $ 100 + , or return it which will also cost me . It was not clear in the information about the product that it is US only . A lesson certainly , I shall only buy locally in future .
 Let 's look at the design of this mattress first : It has two seperate air bladders . The good is that if one fails , it does n't completely ruin the whole mattress . The bad is you have two chambers to fill with air , and if one chamber fails , the bed is only barely usable . And the pump is built in , so if the pump fails , you ca n't use another pump left over from another airbed , or even manually blow , since the motor covers the inlet permanently . And this pump will frequently shut down during pumping of your bed -LRB- until it cools down -RRB- . How many times will it do that before it dies , since it shuts down whenever it overheats ? A quirk with this style of fill is that when the pump shuts off to cool itself , the bed also deflates instantly , so you have to start over , unless you manually manipulate the two fill valves to their off position the split second the pump shuts off . So you have to sit there ready to throw the switch to off when the pump overheats , which it does when turned on for a few minutes . Not a real plus in my book . Good luck getting all the air out to fit into the box it came in to return it!The bottom of the bed 's plastic shell has fuzz on it for slip resistance -LRB- good -RRB- , but the sides of the bed are devoid of this -LRB- shiny -RRB- , so that if your leg touches the vinyl -LRB- ? -RRB- it feels very cold on the skin -LRB- bad -RRB- . The fuzzy coating should be over the whole mattress.On a positive note , the pump is not very loud , so that 's good . But it 's also significantly slower than most mattresses I 've experienced -LRB- bad -RRB- . My bed 's main issue is it will hold air reliably in only one of the two chambers . The other one has to be pumped up about every hour.If you 've been looking for a flawed air mattress , look no further . If you just want to sleep on a bed without fuss , keep looking . I was generous with my rating as I 've taken our new , low standards in manufacturing as the new normal.Most if not all of these types of mattresses are made in China . They are of poor quality.Why buy from a country that makes mostly junk , and hates us anyway ? Why do n't Americans know how to make a simple airbed that does n't cost as much as a regular mattress ? Why do we not look at the country of origin when we shop ? This is just the beginning of a long , National downward slide towards extinction , or at the very least solid third-world status.And we keep re-electing incompetent , narcissistic , anti-American , racist , divisive , Godless , fascist communists to positions of leadership . Pathetic . You and I deserve a bed like this !
 WENZEL SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF THEMSELVES FOR MAKING A EXPENSIVE BED THAT IS GARBAGE . I WAS EXCITED ABOUT THIS BED AT FIRST , BUT AS YOU HEAR AT FIRST I BLEW THIS BED UP AND MY OTHER HALF AND I WENT TO BED AND WE WAS SUNKEN INTO THE BED WITHIN A HALF HOUR AND WAS CAUGHT INBETWEEN THE MIDDLE OF THE BED , THE MATTRESS IMPLODED FROM THE MIDDLE OUT . THE MAN TOLD ME ON THE PHONE BEFORE I ORDERED IT THIS WAS THERE FLAGSHIP MODEL , I BEG TO DIFFER WELL HIS FLAGSHIP MODEL IS GOING RIGHT THE HELL BACK !! COMPLETE GARBAGE .
 After reading all of the good reviews , we were happy to order this Wenzel bed . Shortly after inflating it for the first time , we were forced to deflate it and pack it back and remove it from inside our house because the vinyl & chemical odor was too strong for us to tolerate . It actually made me sick . We placed it outside with box open so it could `` air out '' overnight , but it is still just as strong and horrible . We are extremely disappointed and ca n't get it to fit into the original box to even return it for our refund . Why ca n't anything be made in US now ? And why does everything have to be dipped in so many chemicals and be so toxic ?
 This product is a giant ecological waste ! I bought it after reading the glowing reviews - Our bed did not inflate AT ALL !!! ANd then since I was having visitors , we borrowed another one from a friend . By chance it was the exact same model . This one did quickly inflate but an hour later it was half flat.To my horror , when I talked to the manufacturer - I was instructed to CUT out the label - as proof it does not work - because they did not want it back !!! AND then thinking I would be refunded I was stunned when I got a response from them saying they would only send another or upgrade it . The upgrade version got 2 stars !!! I am now in a mess with Amazon trying to get my money . I feel totally guilty about the giant heap of plastic trash I have created ! THIS PRODUCT IS A DISASTER !! I am back to an old mattress for guests - and am fine with it !!!
 when i rec 'd the bed , i checked it out , and inflated it , it seemed fine . i bought the bed for my company coming from florida . they arrived on 6-22-11 . i inflated the bed as instructed , 1st night it went flat , i am so embarressed . 2nd night same thing , 3rd night same thing . i do not want the dam mattress . i am so upset with what happened . i am not quit sure what to do about getting this returned , and getting my money back . can you please help me . thanks june talley
 Only way to deflate it is with the motor . But the motor is so strong that it sucks the plastic tightly around itself , which ends up choking the motor . Was never able to deflate it , and had to throw it out .
 After reading the reviews on Amazon , I bought the Wenzel Insta Bed -LRB- Queen -RRB- for guests arriving this week . I bought it at the end of May thinking I had enough time to let the chemical smell some of the reviews indicated go away . The first bed arrived and it had white stuff on it that looked like chalk or powder . I called Amazon Customer Service and they were very helpful and shipped a new bed . Well , I just opened the box and without even taking the mattress out of the bag , I see the same white stuff on the bed.I called Wenzel customer service and they said that they had not heard of this problem before and it was probably something that the Amazon warehouse did . She said Amazon can re-seal their products . This seemed like a plausible explanation until the second bed Amazon shipped had the same problem.I am now going to have to go to a store to buy a bed for guests who are arriving this week - I ca n't let anyone sleep on a bed that has stuff on it that neither Amazon or the vendor can explain.If you buy this bed , make sure you have enough time to get an alternative if the bed you are sent has the same stuff on it.Wenzel Insta-Bed Queen Raised Sure Grip Bottom with Built-in Pump
 This is the second of these that I have purchased , though the first from Amazon . We have relatives visit throughout the year , after all this is Maine :--RRB- . Anyway , the first lasted about 4 months before it tore around a seam and the in-laws headed for the floor . The company that makes these replaced this with a much smaller and cheaper model . We figured the first was a fluke so we ordered this one as it is much larger and seemingly better then the one they sent us . So imagine my surprise when just 4 months later , once again , the thing tears in the exact same place as the first , this time my elderly Aunt headed for the floor screaming in the night!I thought Amazon would make this right , the reason i bought it here to begin , but they tell me I have to deal with the manufacturer again . Not looking forward to fighting with them , being promised an equal replacement and then receiving the lower end model . My advice , stay clear of this model or at least the left side of it .
 This bed is very good for one person . For two people , it 's a disaster . The sides are so high , that you both roll toward the middle . Forget this bed for two people .
 I 'm not quite sure how this product has previously received such stellar reviews , but mine is not going to be so great . I bought the Wenzel Insta-bed Queen Raised Mattress solely because of the awesome reviews that I had read about it -LRB- There is unfortunately not a store that you can walk through and just try out the spectrum of air mattresses -RRB- . I have slept several times on an AeroBed Queen Size Raised Mattress and was very impressed each time . However , I thought I would save a hundred dollars or so and get a product that had similarly excellent reviews . Well , you definitely get what you pay for . When we pumped it up for the first time and I laid down , I started to roll towards the middle of the mattress like there was a valley there and mountains on each side . Imagine a whole night of sleeping at an angle . Since then , we 've tried adjusting the air pressure in the `` outer chamber '' to compensate for the unevenness , but nothing has seemed to work . The design of the mattress simply makes for a sinking effect in the middle of the bed . Maybe if you were an individual sleeping by yourself on this mattress it would be a winner , but not for two people . Unfortunately , we `` rush delivered '' this product to our house for a weekend that family surprised us with a last-minute visit , but if I had it to do over again , I would have just made a pallet on the floor ... or bought another bed .
 This bed is very comfortable but it 's life was short . The first two times the bed was used , it worked perfectly . The third time it was used -LRB- which was within the first month of purchase -RRB- it lost so much air that my guest had to refill it at least twice during the night . I thought that this bed would be sturdier than other air beds since it can be used outdoors , but this was n't the case .
 From the first night of use , the bed had a slow leak - with no obvious source . To ensure that the bed was usable our guests would have to inflate the bed every 4 hours - which was not feasible .
 We had a lot of hope for this product and could n't imagine why it would n't work out . Took it on our trip , set it up and everything seemed to be fine until my husband and I went to bed . We were constantly fighting to stay in the bed because there was a huge bump/mound in the middle which kept making us roll off either side of the bed . I just could n't see paying the obscene amount of money AeroBed wants , but maybe that 's why they are so expensive . However , paying close to eighty bucks for this one is pretty obscene since I have no idea who could sleep on it . We tried increasing the air , decreasing the air and nothing worked . Really wish I could take this money and apply it toward an AeroBed . Back to our little camping air mattress that we have to keep pumping air in , but at least we can stay ON the bed .
 The bed is supposed to be a Queen size , however with the raised sides you gravitate to the middle , making sleeping for 2 people uncomfortable . You are basically getting a Twin but with a Queen size footprint . The bed is going back and I 'll have to spend the money on an Aero bed which actually gives you a full Queen size sleeping area . The reason I give it a 2 star rating was it is actually pretty comfortable for a singe person , but way too large to really use as a single .
 We ordered this air mattress for some guests arriving that weekend . When we inflated it , were very disappointed as we heard a hissing of air on one of the seams . It went back into the box immediately and we ended up buying one at Gander Mountain . Despite positive reviews , this one was lame .
 Do n't buy this bed !!! I purchased this bed in Dec. of 2010 , and have only used it two times as an extra guest bed in my home under normal circumstances . The outer chamber is leaking with no visible holes or tears . I have contacted the company on their website , and have not had any response from them . This item is not worth the money . It would have been more cost effective for me to put my guests in a hotel near my home .
 The second time I used this air mattress there was a small rip in the side . The outer shell was flat within 5 minutes . I used the patch kit to repair the rip and the next night it was flat again . This occurred outside of my return window so I am not able to recover any of my money I spent.Durability of this air mattress is terrible . I would recommend looking at different models .
 After reading several reviews on Amazon , I went ahead and bought this mattress because the height appealed to me . I chose it over an Aerobed because I figured hey - it costs about the same , it must be of similar quality ... right ? No beans . The bed leaked the slowly the first night we used it , and returned it the next day . Amazon was awesome and replaced the mattress immediately , and we received the replacement two days after filing the return online . We used the replacement this past weekend for the first time and had the same experience - a slow leak and the bed did n't stay inflated through the night . I 've returned this one and I wo n't be replacing it again ... I hate to say it , but I 'm going for the Aerobed.There are two pros to this item , although they are vastly outweighed by the cons
 We bought the Wenzel to weather the holiday season while traveling to family . We should have tested it out before our trip ! One entire half of the bed simply would not inflate to the fullest , or hold air at all . I suppose we got a defective unit -LRB- which we since returned -RRB- , but I would be hesitant to buy another Wenzel in the future .
 I bought this mattress after I read hundreds of reviews on consumer reports and amazon reviews . I ignored the bad reviews of deflation because of the overwhelming amount of good reviews . I 've been using this mattress for 7 days before I can go back to my hometown to get my ACTUAL bed and low a behold , I come home to a massive LEAK and HOLE in the SEAM !!! This product is seriously defective !! A hole in the seam ! Come on ! You spend $ 100 thinking you 'll get something that will last , and it should !! Seriously please do n't buy this product . Just imagine having to get up every 3 hours to reinflate it because you wake up with your butt on the ground . There is definitely a better , probably cheaper mattress out there that actually holds up .
 Using the bed for a second time and now it loses air in the inner chamber so you sink in the middle of the bed . Complete waste of money .
 Single user -LRB- mostly -RRB- , 240lbs . Received mattress in late January 2011 , inflated and began using in February . On 25 June a `` blister '' -LRB- a large bubble -RRB- developed on the top , about 16 inches from the foot of the bed . It is in the center , 3 feet across -LRB- width of bed -RRB- , 21 inches long and 5 inches high . It is getting larger as I was able to continue using the bed until this morning - 4am . Was able to keep using the bed because initially the small bubble corrected the trough that had developed in the bed.Bed was inflated to a moderate firmness and did not leak . Once I had the desired firmness set by the end of February , never had to add air.Note
 The bed was n't that comfortable especially for two people . After two nights , I decided to sleep on a coach , which was more comfortable to me . It does n't seem to inflate as firmly as it should .
 Bought this Wenzel Insta-Bed Queen Raised Sure Grip Bottom with built-in Pump . Not a happy camper . My wife and I tried to sleep on it . Both of us keep rolling to the center and it looses air each night . I think I would have better off buying two twin beds and pushing them together .
 I purchased this `` air Bed '' in May ' 12 , set up was a breeze . The bed was comfortable , after the first night I did have to add some air which is normal , the bed only required air one time after that , about two months later . Then things started to go wrong with the bed , inside the `` mattress '' there are inner & outer air chambers , there are also chambers inside the inner chamber separating the top from the bottom of the bed . About 3/4 of the way down the bed -LRB- what I call the foot -RRB- one of the chambers separated inside the bed causing a huge bulge -LRB- it was/is 10-12 '' high -RRB- in the mattress that I could n't sleep on it any longer . First I tryed contacting the manufacture by phone , after explaining what was wrong with the bed , I gave them my information & was told I would need to make a claim & how to do this , after three weeks I still had not received the email they said would be sent , so I emailed them & received a reply the next day , in the email they said I need to take a photo of the mattress & fill out the claim form that was attached to the email , I was unable to open the pdx file -LRB- it was damaged or not correctly attached to the email -RRB- , I contacted the company again about the pdx file problem & received a reply that the person who was handling my problem was no longer employed by them & there was nothing they could do , I just assumed I need to start the replacement process over , after 3 phone call 's & 5-6 email 's they just said the person does not work there anymore & they can not help me ! The bed was n't cheap , it was never abused & it never leaked air , but I will never buy anything made by this company again & I will be sure to pass along my experence with this product .
 Purchased one and it was immediately defective , would not hold air . I was able to exchange and get a new one , but that did not help my guest at the time . Replacement seemed ok at first . Read the reviews about stretching and needing a refill - my experience is ths this is much worse than stretched fabric . One small adult was almost on the ground every morning . Two people ca n't sleep on it or they roll into the middle together , until the air is gone , anyway . I plan to try a different brand or get a futon because it 's embarrassing to have my guests go through this .
 The air mattress would n't hold air after the first two nights when this was being used by my -LRB- skinny -RRB- friend . The company replaced the air mattress -- customer service was great . However , the replacement slowly leaked the first few nights . Just got it out of the closet and tried to use it again , and the leak is terrible . It loses a third of its air during the day -LRB- when no one is on it -RRB- and loses half the air when someone sleeps on it . Airing it back up in the middle of the night is not an option , as it 's very noisy . I 'm going to try to get my money back rather than have a third replacement . This thing is heavy and not worth the hassle .
 I read the reviews and bought this one . It 's horrible . There are two air intake pump knobs leading me to think there are two air air chambers independent of one another . I am only 5 foot tall and light . It sags something horrible inthe middle and loses air way too fast . Skip it . Look for something else . I 'm sad . I really thought this as going to be the one after reading the great reviews seen here . : o -LRB-
 I ordered this product becasue it 's listed as the # 2 best seller air bed , and with lots of good reviews . Now , I 'm puzzled what went wrong in my experience
 I purchased this Wenzel bed , the reviews I read were all very good , Well I filled it with air and it performed very well . I understood that the material would stretch and I continued adding air every night to take up the stretching . After a month of keeping it filled , it still goes down every day . I have tried to check for leaks with a spray bottle of soap and water and can not find any place it is leaking.The bed also fills more on one side of the bed , so one person rolls to the other side of the bed and you have a very hard time getting out of bed . It is a very comfortable bed when it is full of air but it will not stay full for the night and always fills more on the same side . The middle sinks in and the Girl friend is not happy !!
 My husband and I felt this air mattress was not comfortable for 2 people as we both ended up rolling to the middle of the mattress . We also had to replace the air often during usage.I did like the quick inflation process .
 This air mattress sucks . The air comes out quick , every half hour you have to air it up . Its not worth 117 in a nut shell .
 I have owned several aero beds and other queen inflatables . This one had a consistent slow leak that I could not isolate with soapy water and a lot of wasted time . It did not occur when someone about 100 lbs slept on it the first few nights . For the price I expected a better quality product . Since it was a gift to a relative the burden of returning it is significant and will probably not happen . I consider this a product I would never repurchase or recommend
 Sags in the middle - could not even use it the first time - very disappointing after the research I did and having good reviews on amazon ???
 Such a bad product . It did not even stay blown up the first night . When I tried to add to the inflation the next night , it reversed and started deflating as I turned it to inflate . Even after several offs and ons , it deflated slowly and then stopped completely and never turned on again . It refused to deflate completely even with two strong men working to get it flat.We finally had to get a larger box to pack for return . I was shocked when the UPS store said it was $ 58 dollars to return it based on the size . It was not possible to put into a smaller one since it would not deflate or flatten . The company promised to pay $ 20 for return shipping fee , which is what a fully deflated package would have been , if it had fit back into the same package . But because the deflating did not work , It costs half the coast of the product to return it . So if I can not get the full shipping refunded it will have cost me half the cost of the product , which did not work , to have it in my house a few days , unable to use it , spend the time to repackage and drive to the UPS store . I will have paid to have something not work.Do not buy this product !
 I have been using this bed for over a year and it worked great for about two months . But then it started leaking . I patched it up but it just kept on leaking . Finally decided to get rid of it and buy an actual bed . I would recommend this as a guest bed for a weekend .
 Worked fine first time then pump wouldnt deflate.Now it seems to leak air through pump in about 15 minutes time . Want my money back .
 I had this bed for approx . 2 weeks . I constantly had to put more air into it , and woke up basically on the floor because it had all leaked out . Return policy through Amazon was great , the product however was not .
 I purchased this bed Wenzel Insta-Bed Queen Raised Sure Grip Bottom with Built-in Pump about three weeks now and decided to give it a chance . The first night it was not very comfortable , so I took some of the air out . This did not make a difference at all . How can u manufacture a bed that sinks in the middle . Not very comfortable at all . One thing I can say is it does not loose air that quickly as the others I bought . That the only good thing about this bed . This is my third bed and this is the worst of the worst . It is very uncomfortable . The bed sinks in the middle . It has bulges at four sides of the bed and
 Bought this mattress for extra sleeping space for the upcoming holiday season , and upon first inflation , the mattress wo n't hold air . Filled it , left it over night , and it was half empty by morning . Read their remarks about `` stretching '' and needing to add air after it stretches . Filled it again , and 6 hours later is was a third deflated again . Totally useless . I saw the overall 4 out of 5 star rating and figured it had to be good , but my experience reads like all of the 1 star reviews . Wo n't hold air . No obvious leaking points . We debated a futon or this air mattress , and figured we 'd be better off just getting the air mattress . We should have just gotten a futon .
 We received our Insta-Bed today and will be returning it promptly . The ` sure grip bottom ' is acctually a void of 2-3 inches deep within the perimeter of the bottom side . When you lie on the bed , it creates a suction if it 's on a solid surface like a hardwood floor . Also , the top has a raised edge around the perimeter . Both of these factors result in the feeling that you 're sleeping on a slant , unless you are alone in the middle . The bed might be okay for one person who did n't mind sleeping in a valley . No good for two .
 I bought this Mattress in July and only have used it a handful of times since then but it already has two giant air bubbles . A majority of the reviews sounded great and I guess this product is great if you are one of the few people that do n't move around in your sleep .
 We bought one of these same syle from Brookstone in 2005 and it was incredable as it lasted three years
 The wife and I relocated to New Mexico and could n't afford to bring our furniture with us . I saw great reviews on this air bed and ordered it . NOT WORTH IT !!!!!!!!!!! It loses air every night and we have to re-inflate it . It came with a pinprick hole in the right side and I used the two patches included ... had to cover those with duct tape . Go to Wal-Mart or Target and try the one made by Coleman . This is n't worth it .
 Got the bed . Cool concept . Used one night and could n't keep air in It . I am 6 ' 200 lbs . No wild nights either . Only reason I wo n't return it is the hassle that outweighs the price . Bought a $ 35 inter from Target . While not as cool and requires out side air pump it held the air .
 First night we used it , directly out of the box , I woke up in the middle of the night laying on the floor . My wife had already moved to a couch . Gon na try the patch kit but do n't expect it to work . Waste of money .
 I was very excited to get this bed because of all the great reviews . I got it for my mother in law so she could have a nice bed while she visited for the holidays . And while it looked nice and the pump seemed to work well , we discovered my mother in law nearly on the floor in the morning . She said she did n't feel it losing air , but every morning she woke up , the mattress had lost nearly half of its air.We continued to inflate it to its maximum level , and never discovered any leaks ... we were ultimately discouraged and had to send it back . Maybe it was just a lemon , but it did n't hold up under weight of an average to smaller sized woman .
 I bought the bed for a girls weekend in Port Ludlow!It filled up so nicely-but in the morning it was really low on air.We re-filled it for a second try and when my girlfriend who slept on it woke up the next morning shewas in the middle of the bed half way to the ground.I have a call into Wenzel so I am going to try to return it and get another one , I will post again once I am done with that process-fingers crossed .
 This bed was very comfortable for what it was . I was super pleased with the purchase I had made until ... Unfortunately this bed had literally only been used about 10 times and then it started deflated for no reason . My toddlers were using it to sleep on at my sister 's house and the next morning when they woke up they were flat on the floor . Not sure why it started to deflated . I only ever kept it inflated when in use and I then I would directly put it away the next morning . It was never even around a pet or anything that could have scratched it , so I 'm just not sure why it stopped working . Considering the money we spent on it I would have at aleast expected to get a year out of it . Wo n't be buying this brand again to replace it .
 I reviewed many different air beds , trying to find a really good one for my son who is off to college ; he wanted to have an extra for us and guests when we come visit ; based on having a built in pump and the many good reviews I purchased this bed ; I am so disappointed . No matter how much air you put into the bed , in a few hours you sink into the middle . We have all tried sleeping on it . We are not in the least heavy people , and my 18 year old is quite thin . Down we go into the middle , sinking like a rock . This is not going to be fun when we go to visit . I am very disappointed with this product . I wish I had bought a cheaper queen size version of the twin Simmons I have . I did not return it due to the inconvenience of trying to pack this monstrosity back into its box and paying for shipping back . I really regret my purchase though .
 We often have company from out of town and we wanted to make sure they had a comfortable bed to sleep on that would n't take up most of a room when we did not have company . After much research , I chose a Wenzel . It was a very comfortable bed that inflated and deflated well.EXCEPTThe mattress , though advertised as queen-size is too big for fitted queen sheets , no matter the manufacturer , and too small for fitted king sheets . I figured this was sort of a scam by Wenzel viz. , the company had made the bed such a size that you would have to buy sheets from Wenzel as well . I thought this was a bit cheesy , but since i already had the bed , i called Wenzel to find out how to get sheets that would fit . When i finally reached someone at Wenzel who was prepared to address the issue for me , I learned that Wenzel knew that fitted queen sheets would n't fit , but knew of no source for sheets that would fit !!!!???? I asked if Wenzel had any plans to see that such sheets were manufactured . `` Not really , '' I was told.Of course people lived without fitted sheets for centuries
 I was really anticipating trying out this mattress from all the positive reviews online . When I received the package it looked legit . I opened it up and plugged it in , all I hear is a loud humming noise . No air going in , so I turn it to deflateMode and same noise happens and no air is being sucked out . I 'm really disappointed that this air mattress failed me . I needed one by this week so I guess I will be sleeping on the floor now . Another thing is I do n't know how this product is a Wenzel ? It does not say anything about that brand on the box , on the mattress , or even on the pump ? It just says I insta-bed all over it . I am going to try exchanging this product to give them another shot . I will update my review to let everyone know how it goes .
 I wanted to like this bed , the reviews were great , no hand pumping and inflated fast . I used it for exactly 33 days and it was great ! I am moving so been living on this thing and was pleasantly surprised how good it was . HOwever this evening I went to inflate it a little more as it was slightly down and I felt a rush of cold air . I glanced down confused to find that no matter what I did it would only deflate . The pump was stuck or something and no matter if I switched to deflate or inflate it would only deflate . I unplugged and re-plugged ... . Better yet , there is no way to manually add air in ! What 's up with that ! So now I 'm $ 120 bucks out and Amazon Prime Customer Service stated that it was outside the 30 days and would n't do anything . I protested and then they stated they would take it back if I paid to have it shipped back ... Needless to say I 'm infuriated as I no longer have anything to sleep on and even more flabbergasted that Amazon would n't help . I immediately asked her to cancel my membership with Prime and sadly ... This will be my last purchase from Amazon ever ... I expected better .
 I awoke in the morning with my feet up high & my head flat on the floor . It left me with such a strained neck , that I eventually needed physical therapy . I AM keeping the ` bed ' for a particular cousin I ca n't stand , but insists on just `` dropping in '' on me without any notice . I 'm due for another visit soon , I 'll ramp this little baby up & giggle when I go to bed . It 'll be priceless to see her face in the am!In fact , I 'd suggest this little gift for any household wanting to cut down on unwanted overnight visitors . It 's a winner !
 This mattress looked so promising when we first set it up . It inflated easily and looked relatively comfortable . Unfortunately for my guests , the middle portion deflated in the middle of the night and my guests chose to sleep on a hard floor . I guess I 'll just stick with the cheap , one-use mattresses from Walmart .
 I did all the research ... bla bla bla ... settled on this one ... looked good ... a lot of folks seemed to like it ... I bought this for my main bed for comfort and economy ... I even bought a nice queen frame to set it in and secure it ... had a slow leak in the outer shell from day one ... so every night before bed I aired it ... even when aired , the only place one or two can lay in it is in the middle ... even when fully aired ... it has these huge bulges all around the sides that prohibit moving over and also it just sinks to the middle naturally , no matter what ... OK ... I could live with that as I sleep alone ... but still annoying ... then last night , after being in denial about the slow leak , I woke up 2 '' from the floor in this suffocating hole ... horrible ! ... I could barely get out of the damn thing ... over $ 100 I paid for it ... out the window ... worst piece of crap I ever bought ... please STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT ... April 2012 PS ... it is still out folded up in the car port - no one on Craigslist wants it for free ... I bought a much less expensive Coleman and it has never leaked
 I purchased this item at Amazon . Size is great , inflates and deflates wonderfully . However , there is a slow leak somewhere as it sags in the middle and must be inflated after a few hours of sleeping on it . Even one person must inflate it in the middle of the night because it sags in the middle . Very disappointed .
 This is the worst air mattress we 've ever had . The first one we got had a leak right out of the box . But , Amazon was so great at sending another one immediately . The second one aired up nicely - no leaks.We have to use this as our bed - for the time being . As time went on , it stretched out -LRB- as expected -RRB- and we added a bit more air . But , it kept stretching . We got a Queen size and it stretched to a King size ! The middle of the mattress would sink in so we would roll to the middle . There 's no support for your back . I have MS and my husband has some major back problems , so this was n't good.It would also squeak , moan and groan every time one of us would move . The sheets would n't stay on , either . Then , it developed a leak . I 've looked all over for it - using all the methods , but never could find it . So now , we 're sleeping on the floor until we can get another mattress.I 've contacted the Wentzel company about this , but that was over a week ago , and still have n't heard a word from them . Needless to say , we wo n't be getting another one of these !
 I ordered this bed and when I received it I realized that it was too large for the sleeping alcove . I did not take it out of the box and returned it to Wenzel after calling them for an RA # . I returned it UPS on February 20 and as of today and despite numerous emails they have not credited my account . I am telling everyone I know to not do business with these people .
 Think twice before buying such a bed . I slept on this bed while waiting for my furniture to arrive in my new home , a couple of weeks . Eventually , I started waking up on the floor , in a big hollow in the middle of the bed . I found the hole , a separation in a seam . I tried to patch it using the patches they provided -LRB- following the directions -RRB- but they could n't hold back the force of the escaping air . I called the company , who are very helpful and nice . They forced me to destroy the bed -- cutting out the logo and sending them a photograph -- and then sent me a new one . They told me to &#34; recycle &#34; the old one . I called my town 's recycling center and they do n't take airbeds made out of PVC plastic , so I ended up throwing this out and now it 's in a landfill * foreverI !!! They sent me a new one , which I do n't want to use . I do n't want to dump another airbed in a landfill . A real dilemma .
 I just received my package . I purchased it directly from amazon , not another seller and it was n't a Wenzel . It was a generic brand . I have seen this complaint in a few other reviews . Buyers should be aware that if you are paying extra because of the brand name , you may not get what you paid for . It is extremely disappointing that one can not depend on a company to be honest and upfront anymore . I am returning it and will think twice about buying anything from Amazon again .
 Despite the positive reviews , this air bed did n't even last one night . The inner chamber was leaking and I could hear air seeping out through the built-in pump . I followed the inflation instructions completely , but unfortunately nothing worked out for me . This was a waste of time purchase - however , Amazon is great . Because I wanted to return the mattress within a month of purchasing it , I was able to get a refund through Amazon .
 Forget it ... just save a space for yourself on the hardwood floor . This thing lost air the day we got it . It loses at least 25 % of its air each night . Had a Coleman before , for years . Loved it , but now it is off the market . Next step ? Will try to return this thing . If not , use it as a tarp .
 The item inflates and works fine.However , the only way to deflate it is to use the pump and the suction pulls the plastic against the pump . We had to physically pull the plastic and attempt to hold it away from the pump while it was deflating . This took 10-15 minutes and did not ever get all of the air out . I 'm not sure why they do n't just have a quick release valve that can deflate the mattress like previous Aerobeds that we 've owned.The item was returned to Amazon due to this terrible design flaw . I do n't recommend this .
 This bed lost air way too often . Received a replacement and had the same problem . Also was very difficult to get back into the box for return . Was okay when inflated , but as previously stated , air loss was often . According to another customer review , the bed was durable enough to have their dog jump on it without deflation ... the dog must have beena Chihuahua .
 I purchased this mattress to replace a mattress that had started to leak on me . I should have kept the old one . The mattress worked great at first , but after about 6 uses -LRB- within 3 months of purchase -RRB- it started to leak . Within 2 to three hours of laying down on the bed , my body would be touching the floor . I contacted the manufacture who informed me there was NO warranty . So I am out $ 120 and looking for a new one .
 We bought this for overflow guests . Most of the reviews are complimentary , and we would be as well if it did n't lose it 's inflation overnight . It drops enough to incline the user towards the middle of the bed . If two people , it is far worse . The only alternative is to add air during the night . I would n't want to wake up realizing I need to find the control and add air . It would be loud , and would further wake you up.Even fully inflated , I would n't confuse this with a real bed . It is a single -LRB- for the mattress -RRB- bladder and feels like it . Hard or under inflated . I have water floate s wih 6 bladders and they work well , why not that kind of control here?Wouldn ' t recommend .
 I love the height of this airbed and the fact it has an inflatable pump . However , after a few uses a bubble formed on the top of the air mattress . It does n't leak , and it did n't pop . But I suppose one of the internal components that keep the top of the bed flat busted , which causes a huge bubble to form on the top . Unfortunately it has been more than a year since we purchased it and it does n't fall under warranty . Probably a fluke , but bad experience for me .
 Very disappointed with this mattress . The sheets have no where to grip around thesides and end up bunching up . On the top of the mattress , there is a 7 '' band aroundthe edge and this is higher than the rest of the top . This makes it seem like you sink in the center . Much better beds on market .
 Bought this for the visiting inlaws to use and after the first night my Father-in-law was almost sleeping on the floor due to air loss . Tried again day 2 hoping this would have improved after stretching out and while it was a bit better product still lost a large amount of air leaving this product sagging deeply and almost looking like a taco with a person in the middle . Tried it out one last time filling it with air and having no one on it . After a few hours of letting it rest the air loss was still pretty major so I printed out a return slip from Amazon and will send this back tomorrow .
 The built in pump would cease working while filling and when releasing air , but worse was the fact that the bed sunk in towards the middle - regardless of how much air was inserted . To stay on either side of the bed , you 'd have to hang on to the side . I returned this bed the very next day .
 I purchased this product in March of 2012 and at first the product worked great , comfortable , easy to inflate/deflate , and easy to store . After 6 months of use the outer pool suddenly failed to retain air . The leak was slow , but the mattress would only be useable for a period of 4-6 hours for one person and less than 3 hours for two people . The worst thing about the malfunction is it was not just a simple hole that was able to be patched . Rather it was an outer pump issue or something else internally focused that could not be manually fixed . Since this was outside of the 30-day return policy I was forced to eat my initial cost without any recourse .
 I can not fault the seller in any way for this bed . It shipped very quickly and I received it in pristine condition . Unfortunately , this bed has a very serious design flaw . I 'm a side sleeper and because this bed has an inner and an outer chamber it sags in the middle . And FYI , I 'm not a big guy , I 'm 5 ' 9 '' tall , 168 lbs . and in decent shape . Within a week of sleeping on this thing , I woke up with severe pain in my back . And Yes , I made sure it was well and properly inflated before I went to bed . Because of the sag in the middle and sleeping on my side as usual , I apparently did n't turn early enough in the night and it slipped a disk in my back pinching my sciatic nerve . I 've spent 4 days as a near cripple in severe pain , had to inconvenience other people who rely upon me , had to get physical therapy , 4 days of lost wages because I could n't drive and I had to go out and get a new memory foam mattress . If you are a side sleeper , I would advise strongly against this mattress . Consider yourself forewarned . I would donate it to Goodwill , but ca n't even do this in good conscience . It is going in the trash on Monday . Sorry Wenzel , you seriously need to go back to the drawing board on this one . The materials and pump are good quality , but not much good to anyone with the sag .
 This air bed , out of the box , was the best one that I had bought so far . It was comfortable , felt as close to a real bed as you can get , and the built in 2-way pump is awesome . However , the first bed I bought leaked after 1 night of use . I contacted Amazon and , to their credit , they replaced it even though the return period had expired . The second bed arrived and performed in the same manner . It held up for 1 night and then started leaking again . I do n't believe we abused the bed or misused it in any way . There was no kids jumping on it , and my wife and I only combine for about 330 pounds . I am going to attempt to get a refund for this 2nd bed , but I do n't have very high hopes . For spending $ 100 on this air mattress we are very disappointed in it .
 This air mattress worked great , for the first night . I was only using this until my bedroom set was delivered . Fourteen days was my max time . But it only lasted 7 days . The first night was great , but the second night I could feel a change , when I layed down the mattress caved in . The instructions that I received stated it could hold up to 450 lbs . I 'm 124 lbs . I really hated this mattress . On the 7th night I woke up in the middle of the night , and I was on the floor , literally . So instead of returning it to Amazon , I decided to call customer service for the company that manufactures this air mattress . They were very helpful , I told them what happened . After completing some paperwork I received a new upgraded mattress . Although by the time I received it , my bedroom set had already been delivered .
 I spent a lot of time reviewing reviews of air mattresses . I rejected any that referred to a strong plastic smell as my wife is very sensitive to any odors . No one commented on this for the Wenzel bed and the reviews were all pretty favorable . I ordered it but waited awhile to use it until we needed it as a guest bed -LRB- unfortunately past the full refund period -- be careful with this -RRB- . I opened it and inflated it in a spare room that I could close off . A very strong plastic odor filled the room instantly . My wife opened the door and immediately got a headache and felt weird the rest of the day . I closed the door and opened the window but even after 3 days the odor was still too strong to tolerate . I returned the mattress but lost a 20 % restocking fee . My cautions to anyone considering this
 I gave this 2 stars for the design only . The knives are n't sharp at all . They can barely cut an onion . I was n't happy at all with this set . My cheap Farberware knives are better than these .
 I was very disappointed in these knives . The chef 's knife was very dull and no matter how hard I tried , it never got sharp . Even slcing vegetables was difficult . After 2 months , I gave up and donated the set to charity . They were a complete waste of money .
 Not pleased with the quality of this knife set . The stainlees steel blades have gotten stains on them that I can not remove , and the decorative piece on the outside of the scissor handles came off almost immediately .
 description not detailed enough to confirm that it would fit my vacuum , it looked right in the picture so I bought it . It did n't fit . I learned not to order unless I 'm sure .
 I ordered these belts because it said `` GENUINE EUREKA '' . It is NOT Eureka . It is made by Flexaust . The seller claims Flexaust makes Eureka 's belts so its the same thing . FALSE . It should NOT be listed as Genuine part.Just because Flexaust makes Eureka belts does not mean it is Genuine . First of all Eureka discontinued the `` rubber only belt '' for the heavy duty belt that has reinforcing mesh/cords ; similar to the higher end radiator hoses . These belts are just plain rubber . Also , Eureka most likely requires a certain type of rubber with specified hardness and wear characteristics . I deal with things like this at work and I call out the specifications in documents so that the companies who make our parts make them the way we need them.About a year ago , when our Eureka Airspeed was new my children accidently went over a sock that was pulled into the brush and `` burned up the belt '' . I went to the store a bought a generic to hold me over and went on line and found two belts that fit the vacuum . I called Eureka tech support . They told me that both fit and the reinforced one that cost a little bit more is a better belt and lasts longer . He also said the Eureka was discontinuing the plain rubber belt.Tech support was correct , the reinforced belt has survived several socks , shirts , towels , etc and `` not burned up '' ... though there was burnt odor and we turned off the vacuum immedately ; then pulled out the item that jammed the roller . I installed the other spare belt about 4 months ago in our second Airspeed vacuum and wanted to have belts to replace these belts because belt age even when properly used.Granted the belt on the second vacuum lasted around 7 months . If you are really good about not accidently vacuuming the sofa cover edge , socks , etc , this belt will work for you , but it is NOT a `` genuine '' Eureka belt . That is why I gave this part and seller only 1 star .
 First , very unhappy with the belts supplied with the air speed upright , both broken within 2 weeks of purchase . So we , have much comparing and guessing figure out what belt to buy , purchase 2 belts on 7-31 , critical vacuum happily charged my card that day for the purchase , however failed to mail it out until AUG 18 ... by DHL ... the tracking number they supplied was no good and it is now the 23rd and no belts . Disgusted with the product and very disgusted with the vendor .
 Both of these belts broke on the first day . The previous belt had lasted over a year . I thought these would be better , since their labeled as Extended wear . I picked up some cheap ones -LRB- not Eureka brand -RRB- at walmart , and they are fine . I guess EXT means extra thick , which also means less pliable . Maybe it was just a bad batch , but I 'll stick to off brand from now on .
 These were delivered in a nondescript package , not in the factory packaging shown in the photo on the product page . I installed one of the belts with a brand new beater/roller brush , and all seemed to be fine . On the third use of the vacuum cleaner , I snagged a bit of cloth that jammed the roller , and although I reacted fairly quickly to switch it off , the belt was quickly eaten through . I have jammed this machine in a similar way in the past with no discernible damage to the belt . I think I will stick to real brand-name belts from now on .
 The belt that was on my vacuum when I bought it lasted quite a long time - 2 years or so at least . I got these as replacements , and the first one lasted a few months , the second one broke the second time I used it.These belts are not great - the only only good thing about them is that they are cheap . I 'd like to know what kind of belt people are finding at walmart that will fit the same as these do - even though it 's probably cheaper to have them shipped from Amazon than what I would pay in gas to drive to walmart , the idea of having a belt last a bit longer and not be caught in a bind because I ca n't vacuum would be worth it.EDIT : The second time I bought these belts , I got even worse results . The first belt lasted 2 vacuumings , and the second one broke almost instantly after I installed it . Instead of a vacuumed floor what I end up with is a house filled with the smell of burned rubber . It 's disgusting.I 'd mentioned before that I was at least happy these were cheap , but I retract that now . I had picked up another belt at a place that starts with K and ends with mart and it lasted much longer than these.My very loving spouse has thankfully finally said that I might be able to purchase a new vacuum in the near future ... I 'm crossing my fingers as this intimate relationship I 've been having with my Eureka just is n't really doing it for me .
 Turned out to be a dud , both of the belts lasted for couple of weeks . Did n't bother following up with the seller and got a generic belt from walmart . Its been over a month and its holding up well so far . I hope the seller goes through the review .
 I noticed my Eureka vacuum stopped picking up small pieces of thread or lint from the carpet , even tho it seemed to be vacuuming fine otherwise . The belt looked allright , but once I replaced it there was a big improvement . Belts are inexpensive so I plan to replace it yearly . If you do a lot of vacuuming , you may need to replace it every six months.UPDATE
 Eureka has gone thru 5 revisions of this belt -- 61120A , B , C , D , E and now the latest is `` F '' . I hope the F version Fails less often than the previous . I learned on the Eureka website that all but the latest `` F '' have been discontinued , so beware of the poorly designed old versions and packs that have been sitting in storage for so long the rubber deteriorated .
 They are cheap and come in 3-packs . That 's the pro . Do n't know why but the first one installed broke after its first use . I ca n't find any real cause for it . If the rubber is getting old , this would increase the frequency of breakdowns . Still , it 's cheaper to replace a belt than to go buy a new vacuum cleaner .
 I bought this belt before and it broke in less than 3 months but it caught in my rug so i ordered another one and the belt was not in original package it was put in white envelope . In addition it was not even the correct belt and I ordered the same item as I did before .
 Not worth the price . Awful . Sheds terribly . Washed once and had to throw away because it shedded so much . Cheaply made , but price was n't cheap .
 Chips if you look at it wrong ! These are not porcelain , they are stoneware , and that is normal behavior for stoneware . Buyer beware .
 Horrible seller . Ended up paying triple the price for this item . 3 dollars per bag !!! After I received the item , which I thought was coming with the Mighty Mite I just purchased , I looked at the invoice and saw that I 'd payed 9 dollars for 3 bags ! I called company to try to return it and the said they would not refund my purchase . I feel tricked and cheated !
 The Box shown clearly shows a `` Eureka '' product . What was sent was a zip-top bag containing a non-branded generic replacement filter . The `` Eureka '' unit I have found since returning this one is better made -LRB- cost more -RRB- and clearly labeled as the real item .
 This is NOT a Genuine Eureka Hepa Filter as depicted in the advertisement . Under the guise of having a Green Policy , they state that they have the manufacturer ship items without the retail wrap and packaging materials , so they shipped this filter in a mailing envelope , which would be fine , except for the fact that it does not say Eureka on it and it is slightly larger than the GENUINE Eureka product and has a black screen on the back instead of the white overlay that Eureka uses . I have no confidence that this will work properly so will not use it . Amazon needs to police their vendors better !
 I bought this item in May of 2010 and it came in a box as pictured here and it looked exactly like the filter that came with my vacuum . I re-ordered in April 2011 and I received some generic part with a black screen on the back without a box ... just thrown into the amazon box . I returned it and ordered from another seller on Amazon , and received the same damn filter . Why are these people advertising genuine filters and sending out cheap replacements ?
 This filter is hard to attach to back of sanitaire vacumn . Even with the -LCB- 2 line instructions -RCB- , it was hard . I was afraid I would snap off the tabs , or the clips.I eventually did it , but it does n't snap in place easily .
 I got a charcoal Eureka-type filter , not made by eureka . I returned it . I did not want a charcoal filter because I was concerned that it would cause leakage of allergens from the vacuum which some hepa filters do because they hinder the efficiency of the vacuum .
 Not worth the price . Awful . Sheds terribly . Washed once and had to throw away because it shedded so much . Cheaply made , but price was n't cheap .
 I was so excited to find these king size sheets on Amazon and then I tried putting them on my pillow top king size bed and the elastic broke . Obviously , they would n't stay on the bed after that . Very Poor quality for a name brand that I once trusted .
 Not worth the price . Awful . Sheds terribly . Washed once and had to throw away because it shedded so much . Cheaply made , but price was n't cheap .
 Where is it ? I dunno ! Wow , thanks for taking my money and never sending me my magnets ! DO NOT BUY !
 Did not adhere to fridge around the edges so curled up and did look as nice as advertised . My son loves playing with them and learning who different family members are .
 I bought dozens of these frames , but noticed that my photos were turning yellow over time , even though in a sunless room . It turns out that these frames were poorly designed and the clear plastic in front of the photos turns amber and makes the photos look ugly . I had to throw them all out . They were expensive , what a waste .
 Fitted sheet had a 7 in . run in it . To pay postage and package to return is not worth the time . There may be some quality control issues at the factory . Ordered two sets and that was the only defect I noticed .
 I got these sheets for $ 35 but was really disappointed anyway . I washed them and placed them on the bed . The sheets are light weight , unlike for example `` The Grand '' sheets that I purchased through amazon , and they are really rough . The bag I receive came with a zipper and indicate that the sheets are made in China , for what its worth .
 I have bought many sets of sateen sheets before - these felt nothing like that . They are decent sheets - hence the no return . But still - it 's not what I thought I was ordering .
 I was very impressed with the finish of the sheets when they first arrived . After washing them and the using them , they started to pill where my skin is rough -LRB- I have eczema -RRB- . No other `` sateen '' sheets I have ever bought have done this , and this is extremely disappointing . I think it 's attributed to the herringbone pattern , nevertheless , very disappointing . I would be wary of the actual quality of these sheets .
 I 've purchased sateen sheets of 400 + thread count before and all were softer than the set I just purchased . These were rougher than even my cheap percale 200 thread count sheets . I purchased them in hopes of providing soft , luxury sheets for house guests and instead , I was embarrassed to use them , opting for my older but softer sheets . The stars are for the dark platinum color and herringbone , which is pretty.But wow , everything from the fitted sheet to the pillow cases is rough like sandpaper .
 I had success ordering Pinzon sheets from Amazon in the past and was in the market for a new sheet set . I found these sheets and thought , because of the product description , that they would be like the other sheets I previously ordered . I was wrong . These sheets feel like you are sleeping in a burlap bag . They are awful ! Unfortunately with sheets , you really do n't know until they are washed and on your bed , how you will like them . I would advise anyone looking for sheets to stay away from this set unless you want your body exfoliated while you sleep .
 The sheets were soft with the higher thread count , but the pattern made the pillow cases scratchy on our faces , even after washing . I would not buy them again .
 Anyone noticed that the thread count that is advertised on the amazon website is not to be seen anywhere on the product ? Or did I just happen to order all the sheets that do not show this number anywhere . I ordered the 440 thread count white herringbone Pinzon King sHEET SET & right now after one wash I am not sure if this is cotton anymore . Anyone feel the same way ? Do you know where I can verify the thread count?Is amazon ripping the customer off ? Bring on all your opinions
 They were beautiful out of the package , and comfortable after the first washing , but by the second , they began to pill . It 's tolerable , but not what I would have expected from the thread count .
 When I shelled out a mere 20 bucks for this , I did n't expect much . I just wanted a temporary way to store my games and DVDs . With my expectations as low as they were , this item still managed to fall short.It takes about 30 minutes to put together , not too dificult . But it 's obvious right out of the box that it 's very cheap . Once assembled , it 's incredibly flimsy . No way it lasts a minor earthquake -LRB- I 'm in SoCal -RRB- or even an accidental bump . Save yourself $ 20 and upgrade to a nicer model . You 'll be glad you did .
 WoW ! You know the saying `` you get what you pay for '' ? you dont even get that with this . very cheaply made . the first couple of screws i put in cracked the wood . after an hour of assembly time and puting all my CD 's on the rack i ended up throwing it away . CD 's kept falling off and the rack was very wobbly .
 This thing is super shaky , and the shelves are n't really shelves , but more like balance beams for the cd 's and dvd 's to sit on . If one dvd falls , expect the rest to follow suit.I managed to stabilize the thing somewhat by putting it on top of a short bookshelf , but it 's still shaky . I do n't want to have to be pulling dvd 's off a shelf with meticulous care ; this is a horrible product , completely ineffective for what it was designed for .
 I got exactly what I paid for . Not much . It 's made of fake wood and kind of tricky to assemble . Thats to be expected , what i did n't expect was the design was also bad . If you look at the picture you 'll notice that the DVDs rest on a 1 and 1/2 inch wide bar of wood that is tilted backwards with a wooden rod as a backstop . If any of the dvds fall sideways , and lay on its side they immediately slide backwards and fall off the shelf . I 'm going to get another one soon .
 I bought this item from some other online seller.It 's useless , except for kindling . It burns very well.Expensive kindling though.If you still buy this item EVEN after all these true , accurate , and frank reviews , then perhaps you deserve it.Live long and prosper !
 I bought this and immediately noticed numerous spots with uneven paint , even parts that had obviously been glued together and then painted over so the texture was very rough . I returned it and the second one was exactly the same but decided I really did n't want to deal with a third attempt . Once using all THIRTY -LRB- yes , 30 -RRB- screws to put it together it wobbled back and forth worse than I do after drunken night at the bar.Save yourself the misery and just dish out the extra $ 10 for DVD rack that actually functions .
 This rack is pure garbage . It may make good firewood ! It sure is n't worth putting DVDs on . I expected more from Fellowes .
 I should have know -- what did I expect for $ 19.98 ? Something that would at least stand up without wobbling andtipping to one side.Very disappointed but the shelf is put together and I do n't wantto have to undo everything and ship it back . Will use it forfirewood outside .
 Bought mine at Wal-Mart for my daughter 's endless supply of children 's DVDs . It is lame-o ! One slight bump while trying to get a DVD off the shelf and the whole thing wobbles causing every DVD to shift and ultimately end up on the floor because there 's nothing to keep them on the shelf!I was trying to modify it by creating shelves but it 's taking too long ! I 'm just going to make it firewood as another reviewer suggested ! Enough is enough.Total POS , IMO .
 This item was a HUGE disappointment . It 's just low quality , unusually small , and flimsy . There is seriously no redeeming features to it . When you pay for cheap furniture , you really do get CHEAP furniture . I actually did n't even get to put it together all the way because the screws would not screw in correctly , and the low-grade wood was all warped . I promptly returned the product , and am having a much better experience just keeping my DVD collection in a neat pile on the floor . I do not recommend this piece of garbage .
 Sharp but rust set in within 2 weeks
 I read the reviews and it seemed like this knives were worth the $ 59.99 I paid in August 2002 . -LRB- Notice the price now !! -RRB- Now I regret having bought this set . The block and the knifes look very pretty and even work ok at first . But then even w/o washing them in the dishwasher not even 4 months later I 'm noticing rust spots on them . Also they are becoming increasingly dull and the sharpener that comes w / the set is good for nothing .
 This is the worst set of knives I 've ever owned . They 're quite stylish but that 's the only positive thing about them . Dull , dull , dull ... right out of the box ! A complete waste of money . My Farberware knives from Walmart are way better than these .
 Wow , I thought these glasses would be strong , being made from test tube glass . Not so . I ordered three boxes of 2 in a box . Two glasses were broken in separate boxes . I am returning all . They are too light and break way too easy . Disappointed because Bodum is a favorite brand for me .
 Not worth the price . Awful . Sheds terribly . Washed once and had to throw away because it shedded so much . Cheaply made , but price was n't cheap .
 Unlike some other stemless glassware I have , these are not as nice as I had expected . The rolled glass rim is too thick -- should be a straight edge with no roll -- and they seem small , but it might be just the lack of stem . In any case , I was disappointed .
 Please do not fall victim to the photo seller has posted as I did - this item is not BOSCH and is not worth the price asked.I have had to modify it a bit even to fit properly , as the molding form used to make it did not match OEM 's exactly.Cheaper filter medium is used , as well as build quality not on par with original BOSCH . Bought from Crucial Vacuum .
 What I received was n't labeled a Bosch product eventhough the online photo had the label . When I compared it to my present filter , it did n't even look the same -LRB- only three partitions compared to my five and there were fewer pleats -RRB- and it did n't fit snugly in my Bosch vacuum cleaner for it to work properly as a HEPA filter . Also the price is 30 % higher than when I last bought them a few years ago .
 When attached the seat is suspended a half inch above the bowl by its hinges . Poor quality fake wood with imperfections in the surface I could live with , but this does not even provide the basic requirements for a seat .
 I have had this machine for about a year and a half and feel I could give an honest review . As a review reader when searching for products for my home , I feel this coffee maker is not worth my beans . I like to read reviews on products before I buy them so I know I am not wasting my money.For starters , this is a nice looking machine , sleek and sophisicated . But that 's not what it 's all about . It 's the brewing , taste and temperature of the coffee.This maker takes a # 4 cone shaped filter , It comes with a gold mesh filter but that leaves coffee sediment in the coffee . It also has a nice 10 cup stainless steel carafe.As far as the maker itself and the taste of the coffee , I find this machine is not worth my beans , Starbucks , that is . I do grind my own for a fresh taste.The coffee maker has many flaws . One is the filter basket . After you put in your coffee grinds and close it , it sometimes unsnaps or drops down from the holder , thus when the water drips into filter through the grinds it stays there and overflows . When you open the filter basket , it 's full of water and leaks all over . This has happened many times . Even after you snap it back up , the coffee drips into the carafe opening too fast , that it spills over and what coffee does get into the carafe will have floating grinds in it.We find that the coffee is also not that hot . After you add a little creamer , it 's luke warm at best . The carafe does not keep the coffee hot after any period of time . My husband and I get up at different times . If his is semi-hot , by the time I get up 30 minutes later , it 's luke warm . He usually nukes his coffee to get it hotter . You should n't have to nuk your coffee , especially if it was just brewed . It does n't really even make that great of a tasting coffee , even when you use an excellent brand such as Starbucks.I would NOT recommend this maker . My girlfriend liked it 's looks and asked about it , I told her to find a different one , it was n't worth the money.I have been looking for a new one and will put this one in the garage sale.Hope this was helpful .
 pretty much . . i bought it as a christmas present for family . . it was so horrible that they actually went out and got another ice cream maker and made ice cream right in front of me . . me , thinking this was incredibly RUDE , took this one back , seeing as they did n't need it . Next thing you know , i find that the batteries do n't even FIT ! its impossible to get all 4 batteries in comfortably . . and after i finished SHOVING the batteries in , next thing you know , half way through the mixing process the batteries pop out of place and it stops working . the whole thing was a waste of money , and seeing as the ones i bought the present for , kept it without complaints , i went ahead and threw away all returning receipts and everything . so i 'm stuck with it . . . waste
 The spoon exudes a strong chemical odor when when heated up by the food . I 'm reluctant to use it anymore .
 I like 3 Calphalon Nylon spatulas/turners -LRB- purchased in the last two years at various places -RRB- ; each piece is seamless single material construction with the brand name stamped on a small silver rectangle printed on the black handle . This Calphalon Nylon Spoon line is NOT a newer model of the seamless , clean construction . My fingernail can easily slip into the open grove around the gray insert on the handle of the spoon . I believe soup , sauces , oils , batters , flour , etc. would be difficult to clean out of the thin grove . I sent this spoon back .
 I recieved a set of these glasses as a gift . I like the feel and the sturdiness of them , but there are some serious quality control problems mine have . Several the glasses are `` leaning '' to one side and most of them have high ridges around the sides where the two sides of the mold meet . I have had another style of A H glasses and also a measuring cup that have these ridges .
 The glasses arrived with chips off the rim and the molding of the design did not look sharp and good looking .
 The glasses have a very prominent seam that is unatractive . Glasses should not have an unsightly seam don the entire side .
 I 've only had the glasses for about 2 months , and I 've already had three crack all the way through . One cracked while in the dishwasher , one when I put it in the microwave for 1 minute , and one cracked -LRB- and broke open -RRB- when I poured some hot chocolate into it . I 've never had problems with any other glasses - just these . If it were n't past the return period , I 'd send them back in a heartbeat . Definitely not worth the price ... unless you do n't mind your drink seeping out through the cracks .
 I actually had bought this set 5 years ago from Wal Mart and they really held up , even with teenage boys . I really liked this set so much that I was happy to see them on Amazon . I ordered the set and they arrived promptly , but so broken the mailman said , let me just take these back , you 'll have glass everywhere if you open it . I have had good luck with Amazon 's packing , so I thought it was a fluke , so I reordered . They were then on backorder and I waited another month . The next set arrived broken again . I gave up .
 Sent these glasses as a gift about a month ago . Just learned the other day that three of the glasses were received broken . Other reviews say the same thing . You would think they would learn how to properly package a product .
 I have had these for about 4 months -LRB- I own every size made -RRB- , purchased to go with the other Kitchenaid pieces -LRB- in red -RRB- . It is impossible to get these white again after using them to cut cheese , carrots or anything with any natural coloring in it . I have tried cleansers with bleach , sprays with bleach and , in desperation , straight bleach ! Scrubbing does n't work either . I finally got some wood cutting boards and wish I still had my so attractive other ones on the counter .
 This item listed in stock by this company and after four days my order was canceled because it was not in stock . It is still today showing in stock with the ability to order through Amazon . I ordered other items at the same time such as a cover which I have already paid for and received . Now I am stuck with the other items and am going to have to buy a new microwave or find another source for the tray . It is no wonder this company has 5 % negative feedback . On top of all this they are not actually Samsung but another company out of California .
 I thought I was getting an original Honeywell filter . This &#34; replacement &#34; filter looks to be only half as good as the Honeywell filter it replaced . I will make sure I get a Honeywell next time .
 It is not an official Honeywell filter as another reviewer saidalthough it sounds it is . For this kind of compatible filter , you can find cheaper price in other places . It is misleading.The quality of the filter is ok .
 From the product description
 The ad says
 This filter is not made by Honeywell . From Honeywell 's website it appears they no longer manufacture this size.This is the first non-Honeywell filter I 've purchased , and it does not live up to the orignial Honeywell 24000 filter -LRB- I 've used several of the original ones through the years -RRB- . Within a very short time , this filter adds a definite organic chemical sort of smell to whatever room I use it in . I find the smell too unpleasant to remain in the room and , to use the room at all , I 've needed to turn off my unit and air out the room first . I thought perhaps with filter use the smell would go away , but it is still present even after more than 36 hrs of use -LRB- mostly continuous -RRB- . I am using the recommended charcoal pre-filter , but it only works to get out smells in the incoming air . Once the air has been pulled through this hepa filter , there is no charcoal filter to remove any smell added by the hepa filter.Each time I have run my unit with this hepa filter and aired out the room before using the room , I have awakened the next morning with a sore throat -LRB- whether I 've used the filter in the bedroom or the living room -RRB- . This has happened 3 times -LRB- I 've waited to recover before trying the filter again -RRB- . After the 3rd time -LRB- 36 hours of running -RRB- , I got a bad cough , sore throat , and significant weakness that lasted more than a week , and dramatically improved only after I began washing all possible contaminated fabrics in that room , and replace the possibly contaminated furnace HEPA filter once immediately and again after another week . The evidence of a link between whatever the filter leaves in the room and my significant physical maladies is too strong , and I will not use it again .10 / 20/12 updateYesterday I wore a sweater stored in the 36-hr room for the first time . I had n't washed it after the HEPA contamination incident as it was in a storage unit -LRB- though the unit is open in the back -RRB- . I experienced weakness all day yesterday and this morning I awoke with scratchy throat and deep cough like those I had after the 36-hour running . I am now washing the contents of my storage.I filed a report with the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission on 8/28/12 . They forwarded my report to two manufacturers
 I bought this filter because it was described in the Amazon site as
 We received one for Christmas . We are white wine and champagne drinkers . The product is tauted to cool to 44 * F. Filled with 6 bottles of white and running all night , it could not cool below 57 * , although set to lower temperature to 44 * . This is useless for white wine drinkers , perhaps o.k. for reds drinkers or English beers.We got a replacement the next day . Set for 44 * , it quickly lowered its temperature from 74 * to 63 * , then slowly lowered to 53 * , at which point it went no lower at all . This is useless for our purposes , or for any persons who enjoy white wines chilled . I highly recommend the traditionalmethod of an ice bucket over this product , and at prices as low as a pail with some ice and water.Looks great !! Product stinks .
 I received as a Christmas gift . It is too bulky for the countertop unless placed at an angle . It is loud and is not powerful enough to chill six bottles of wine . It finally just quit working and after it leaked all over the place , I threw it in the garbage .
 I read some of the reviews warning how loud this filter is . Being an allergy sufferer , i have had many air filters in my life.THis thing is huge . It is hard to talk to others in the same room if the purifier is not on the low `` sleep '' setting .
 I purchased this product primarily for its white noise generating ability , and secondarily for a dust allergy that I have . For sound masking , it is good in the sense that it is extremely loud -- not unlike a motel AC unit on high . However , in the two units I have tried , you can hear an intermittent scraping sound -LRB- as if something is rubbing ever so slightly in the fan -RRB- , which can become irritating . I realize that this is a subtle point , but for people who are extremely sensitive to sound abnormalities and are considering this unit for its white noise generating qualities , you should be aware of this potential issue . I rarely use the unit as a result .
 I bought one of these , took it home , turned it on , and it had a bad rattle and would shake when running . I turned it off and looked it over carefully . You can see the fan through the slot on top . The fan had a section of plastic missing throwing it off balance . I am surprised the assemblers of the unit tried to slip an obvious defective part into a unit . Neverless , I took it back and swapped it for another unit . Although the new unit did not rattle , it shook when operating on low speed and made a pulsating wind noise . Looking at the fan on this unit found it to be off center slightly . I took the second one back , got a refund , and bought a different brand model at sears .
 Allergy Be Gone is advertising the 50250N . WARNING
 It took all but a minute to figure out that this unit is just too loud on the lowest setting . This unit might work great in a room that you do not use , but what 's the point in that ? You could also just turn the unit on when you are not in the room or when you leave the house altogether , but that 's a pain and a purifier is best left on all the time . I eventually got the Blue air 201 series and at the highest setting it is quieter than this unit on the lowest ! I really ca n't figure out why anyone could stand keeping this unit .
 These air purifiers are huge and even on low they are so loud they drown out the sound for the TV . What is worse , they do not seem to help eliminate cigarette smoke ... at least not on low . I would try high , but it is just too loud.Update
 Ordered one model and received a different one . Returned to shipper very easy and they said a lot of people had same issue .
 I guess this filter is a borderline case . It does it 's job and is not excessively noisy so many people may be fine with it . However , for me it became clear after a few days that I could not imagine sleeping for a long period if time with the filter 's hum in the background , so I figured that I was likely to eventually discontinue using it and put it in the attic . I ended up sending it back .
 It still smells weird after 2 weeks.And all the cold air blowing out is freezing me!I 'm sending it back to amazon now.I am much happier with the counter top units Honeywell has . Ihave 3 strategically placed in my home to take the place of thebigger unit . And their filters do not need to be replaced at all , only vacuumed periodically . This one has a pre-filter that needs to replaced every 3 months , so more expense . It is really a rip-off to say that it has a permanent filter & then call the replacement a pre-filter . There is too much to say negatively about this ; read the fine print in the ad for the stuff that does n't make sense .
 This filter does a pretty good job cleaning air , but we almost never can benefit from that because the noise level is all but unbearable . At the lowest setting , it sounds like other HEPA filters at the medium or high setting . And at the highest setting this pretty much makes conversation impossible in that room . It 's like this thing does n't have a low setting.After this , we got the Holmes HAP756-U True HEPA Allergen Remover for Very Large Rooms . MUCH quieter and still pushes about the same amount of air .
 I ordered this product because it indicated it has a permanent HEPA filter . . the `` N '' In the model number is supposed to indicate that.However , the one I received did NOT have a permanent filter but did have a replaceable -LRB- 2x year -RRB- HEPA filter which would run about $ 100 yearto maintain . Not we I expected . Also the photos and descriptions do n't align ... Some photos are of the `` N '' model while others are not.Returned this to Amazon .
 I 've owned a lot of Honeywell HEPA filters over the years , but have never before encountered the bait-and-switch on the filter replacement . They somehow manage to sell you the unit WITH a single large filter , but be advised you can not order a SINGLE large Honeywell replacement filter - you have to order 3 smaller filters & stack them together . The stacking of 3 smaller filters will of course change the dynamics and filtering capacity of the unit . The HEPA filters do need to be replaced sooner or later . I bought two of these & am sorry I did !!!
 I called KAZ the manufacturer 's Service Department . I was told they did not manufacture a PERMANENT FILTER for the model50250 . So if they do I got the OLD MODEL even though I was ASSURED by MYINNOVATIONS.COM the Merchant that I was gettingthe Permanent Filter . Advertising one thing and getting another is not good.Theodore Denney
 When you go to replace the pre-filter in this unit , -LRB- Honeywell HRF-APP1 -RRB- , You will have to cut to fit , which is not a big deal , but you will have over 1/3 of the material left over ; not enough for another filter . You will have spent $ 15 + and end up throwing away $ 5 . What a waste . If you replace the pre-filter three times a year , that really adds up . They really need to address this issue .
 I 've owned various Honeywell Hepa Enviracaire air purifiers over the years . I have cats , seasonal allergies , and chemical sensitivities , and I need the air cleaner to help me breathe at night -LRB- without one , I toss and turn and wake up frequently due to itchy , runny , stuffy nose and congestion -RRB- . Honeywell Hepa units have always made a huge difference in how well I sleep , breathe , and feel.When my most recent older Honeywell 's began to fail last year , I bought a 50250 . I like that the new ones have `` permanent '' filters and now use universal prefilters . I like that they have the little light to tell you when it 's time to replace the filters . I even like the `` white noise '' they generate -- for me , the more the better , to drown out barking dogs , the roar of traffic , and other neighborhood ruckus that disturbs me , being a very light sleeper . I ca n't sleep without the noise of an air cleaner and would never get a silent one.What I do n't like about this new Honeywell is that the motor seemed rather weak from the beginning . If I turned it on to low , it could take a long time before it began blowing , so I 'd start it on high and wait a couple of minutes , then turn it down -LRB- it 's a hassle having to wait , and having to worry that the fan seemed to be weak from the beginning -RRB- . -- Sure enough , the thing got weaker and weaker , and began emitting noxious -LRB- motor grease ? -RRB- odors after less than 3 months of use ! Maybe I got a faulty one , but I 've read reviews on other sites about how these units have died in about 2 years -LRB- I WISH I 'd gotten 2 years instead of 3 months ! -RRB- . I have had to replace my past Honeywell 's about every 2 years , so that is a reasonable `` life span '' in my mind.The other thing I do n't like about this unit , and the other models like this , is the brightness of the lights
 Since I have used the Honeywell air purifiers before with great satisfaction , I was surprised that when I unpacked it and started to use it it gave off a sickening plastic smell worse than the ones in the shower curtains that we are told to avoid . I 've been running it as much as possible near an open window to get rid of the smell . A little bit of the smell still remains . If I had n't already thrown out the box I would have returned it . The smell emanating from the machine defeats the purpose of the machine . The purifier should be recalled and removed from the marketplace and remade with non toxic materials .
 I usually do n't write review because I am usually very happy with my purchase . But this time I feel a duty to let other potential buyer avoids the mistake I made . This machine is so loud I can only run it when I am out of the house.I picked the Honeywell 50250N because it was the most reviewed and priced not as high as my 2nd choice -LRB- SHARP -RRB- and 3rd choice -LRB- SANYO -RRB- . It was a terrible mistake . The first time I turned on the 50250N , I wanted to return it . The noise drives me crazy . I have space heaters in the house and I can worked with them on so it is not like I can not stand any noise but the 50250N is way to loud . I was willing to return the 50250N except that the shipping would have cost me a fortune . I am not a happy customer !
 I own the Honeywell 50250 and loved it . I bought it because it was a Consumer Reports ' best buy . It cleaned the air of cigarette smoke better than anything I 've ever owned . But , mine quit working after 2 months . The switch gave out.It has a 5 year warranty , but according to the instructions , you have to mail the unit back , which is a huge bummer . It 's not so much the fact that you have to enclose a check for $ 15 to get warranty service , but the fact that I 'm gon na have to trudge down to the post office . I ca n't recommend anything that costs > $ 100 and quits working after 2 months . By the way , even though this is branded as a Honeywell , the manufacturer is a company called Kaz , according to the instruction manual .
 I can not belive they sell this thing ! I dont see how a sane person would choose be in the same room room while it is on . I can not belive this unit had so many good reviews .
 There does n't seem to be any way to get this Air Purifier to stop making noise.I 've tried adjusting the speed and the knob on the bottom of the assembly . Stillmakes a loud , like a bearing is rough , vibration noise .
 Let me start by saying that I ordered 3 of these machines for our home and have been running them for about 2 weeks now . Until now no problem . We run them on high 24-7 . Its loud but we like the white noise as it helps the kids sleep and stay sleeping which is always a good thing . : -RRB- The problem occurred when I decided to order a 4th machine . It arrived at my office where I turned it on and immediately the room was filled with a fishy plastic type order that was unbearable . After reading a few reviews on Amazon about this problem I decided to return it and requested a replacement . Amazon replaced the machine and the new one arrived today . I set it up in my office turned it on and a slight fishy plastic smell started coming out . I decided to give it a try and left to grab a bite to eat for 20 minutes . When I came back and opened the door I started coughing badly . The room was filled with that smell . 3 other co-workers confirmed the smell as well.I called KAZ the number listed in the packaging materials . They said it was possible that the odor stuck onto some of the machines during manufacturing and they are not sure what it is . He said you can run the machine outdoors for 24-48 hours and it might help clear the smell.I decided to return it a second time and give it one more shot . If a 3rd machine arrives and has the same problem I guess I will have to look for another filter.I only hope that the smell is not toxic as it can affect many people who have compromised immune systems and are trying to breath healthier air . My advise is try and find this machine in store and see if they will match the Amazon price , then before purchasing turn it on and run it inside the store before taking it home .
 way way way too much noise for home use . They might have designed this for office.Please think twice before you buy it for home
 We have shipped this item back due to the noise volume it produces . In &#34; turbo &#34; mode you can hear it in every room of the house with the bedroom door closed !! When the fan is set on low the filter is louder then a standard box fan on high , this is too noisy for the application we bought it for .
 There seems to be a lot of comments with regard to the permanent / non-permanent nature of this HEPA filter . I contacted the seller , Ace Hardware , and they responded to me the same day and said the product is no a permanent filter and requires replacement regularly in accordance with the manufacturer 's recommendation . So anyone looking for a permanent filter that you only need to vacuum clean once in awhile , look elsewhere . I own the Honeywell 18155 SilentComfort Permanent and like it although it does n't support as large a room as this model . But it 's sold by Amazon and I find it 's always better to deal with them for returns , exchanges rather than their marketplace sellers who are always a pain when it comes to returns , etc. .
 I have a 10 year old Honeywell 13520 HEPA Air Purifier that has always worked very well . A few days ago I bought this new Honeywell 50250-S Pure HEPA Round Air Purifier , which is the successor to the 13520 . They both came with a single large HEPA filter and a pre-filter that work very well.The problem is I went to the Honeywell Store to buy replacement filters for the 13520 a few days ago as well . I installed them today . It turns out they no longer make the replacement filter for the 13520 or this unit , at least not the same single HEPA filter that the old 13520 and the new 50250 shipped with . When you need a replacement you are now forced to buy three -LRB- 3 -RRB- stackable HEPA filters , which together cost about 50 % more than the original filter did . This is not the worse part of all this . The new HEPA filters smell like a toxic chemical dump . I just installed 3 new HEPA filters in my old 13520 as well as a pre-filter , which now also comes in only one size fits all , which means you have to cut it yourself to fit and it is see-through thin at about 3/16 inch thick . I have no idea how that is supposed to protect the HEPA filter as I can see straight through it . You can bet you HEPA filters will not last nearly as long as when they were 1/2 inch thick and much more dense.I am returning the whole lot , even this new 50250 , which actually is working very well and came with a single large HEPA filter . The problem is I do not EVER want to install the TOXIC replacements that are the only thing available from Honeywell . So looking forward I will avoid the whole problem down the road by not even keeping the unit for the time being.How can Honeywell sell a device that is designed to `` purify '' the air in your house and make it so chemically TOXIC ? I swear I would rather breathe gasoline or paint fumes than the foul odor coming out of the new filter , no exaggeration at all.Do yourself a favor and stay away form ALL Honeywell air filters because they ALL take the same filter , either one , two , or three of them .
 I was replacing the same unit that is only 1.5 years old because the motor wore out and got squeaky and loud . The new one 's fan drum was defective right out of the box -LRB- not true and was scrapping on the inside of the fan casing -RRB- . I am pretty sick of products made to be disposable .
 I did a lot of research and waffling about before settling on this air purifier . I suffer from intense seasonal allergies and while no air purifier will eliminate them , I was hoping for at least a little help easing them . I decided to buy the Honeywell 50250 based purely on the CADR rating , which is the best I 've seen.After getting it home , my first impressions are that it is simply huge ! My apartment is small and it does n't tuck up against a wall like more rectangular models do . Next , I turned it on and it was much , much louder than I was hoping . Even on the lowest setting , it made a substantial racket from the next room . I could NOT watch TV with it on without bumping up the volume and disturbing my neighbors . One thing I know about myself is that if the air purifier is too loud , I wo n't use it . I have every intention of turning it on before going to bed or leaving for work , but it just does n't happen consistently . I know this because the last Honeywell air purifier I had was also loud , though more compact , and it did n't get used as often as it should to have been really effective.I took it back immediately and settled on buying a RabbitAir 421A cleaner instead . I know it has a lower CADR rating and is more expensive but I leave it on 24-7 so I believe it 's more useful . It has different modes -LRB- automatic , pollen , sleep , ozone-free ionizer on/off , and more -RRB- , and it is VERY QUIET . As a less important note , it is also less ugly than the Honeywell.If you live in a moderate to large space in a louder city that might help drown out the noise , then the Honeywell 50250 may work for you . It did n't for me .
 This unit is noisy and is like having a fan blowing in the room , even on the lowest setting . I wish I would have returned it for a refund .
 Do not buy this product !! I had to send back a second unit in less that a year . The units only blow out air but no intake of air . After running for weeks the black filter was as clean as the day I installed it . The company says they never have any problems like I have had but I had to pay $ 35.00 to send each unit back . RIPOFF !!!
 While a good value . Nowhere until you open the box does it tell you that it is going to off gas for a couple days . A purifier should n't off gas that strong it is meant to clean the air . Also I found the fan on the lowest setting to be louder than other purifiers and you could almost here it rotate .
 As a previous owner of multiple Honeywell air purifiers I can only express disappointment in this unit :1 . It 's noisier than any of the older models I 've owned , including the 13520 which pushes the same amount of air and uses the same filter type .2 . It 's bulkier than the 13520 as well and blows air upward instead of downward , which causes any paper or cloth items nearby to flap and create extra noise .3 . The fan is not balanced . On high or medium this does n't have a significant effect . On low speed you can hear the fan wobbling and the unit shakes . This causes it to be louder on low than on medium .4 . There is a horrendous stench from the unit right out of the box . It smells like the parts were n't cleaned properly before they were assembled . It 's NOT the filter , it 's the casing . Wiping it down with spray cleaner helped , but it 's still somewhat stinky after a week of use.The only reason I 'm keeping it is because all the other brands I 've tried are just as bad or worse in this price range . Does n't seem like there 's any quality control in manufacturing anymore . It 's sad that I 'll need to disassemble a brand new unit for a thorough cleaning and to reshape/balance the fan .
 I had an Ionic breeze which I was very happy with . I kept it on the fireplace mantle and it worked great with the `` not in use fireplace smells '' . I had it for years till it died . I thought I would try this as it was very highly rated . Everyone said it was noisy and it is . I found that all it does is blow the odors around . The thing has to sit in the middle of the room as it is huge . I was n't happy going to filters but I thought I would try it , because it is rated so high . I am sorry I did . It does n't clean the air , it pushes the odors around , it is noisy and it is cumbersome . Not at all what I wanted but I was duped by the reviews .
 I bought this machine last summer because I suffer from allergies and asthma . It has two major problems . One is that it 's so noisy that I ca n't sleep with it on . Even at the lowest setting its noise level makes it miserable to keep in the bedroom . The other problem is the blue light that 's on constantly . The light also makes it tough to sleep . And I have n't noticed that the air quality is all that much better than before I started using it . Consequently I 'm looking for a new one - and I definitely will not buy another Honeywell .
 Purchased this unit 3-4 years ago . Has been running every night since then and have had no problems but ... Three years ago I would have recommended this product , but the new replacement filter system is just bad . It requires 3 filters -LRB- HRF-F1 -RRB- and a foam gasket thus not sealing as well as the origional 24000 replacement .
 It seemed to be working well for a few months . Then , just after the return policy expired , started smelling like a wet dog . Look at the reviews carefully online before purchasing -- * many * are having this problem . This is obviously a cheaply made unit and you are rolling the dice if the one you purchase will last longer than a few months .
 I purchased this HEPA filter to improve the air quality for my parrots , as we are both smokers here and birds are sensitve to smoke . The house definitely smells cleaner since I 'm using it and it definitely circulates the air . Unfortunately I 'm compelled to leave it set on it 's lowest setting as it produces a lot of noise . Sometimes I turn it off in the morning so I can hear myself think . On the turbo and normal setting it 's even louder . It would probably make an effective `` white noise '' machine for a sleeping area . I can , of course , if there was any fumes from anything or some smoke escaped the fireplace turn it up temporarily to help clear the air . I had one other HEPA filter , but it was too small to be effective . I also tried an `` ionic breeze '' type device , but it did n't seem to do much . We live in a comtemporary house with all the rooms on the first floor connected , perhaps if I had several of the `` ionic breeze '' types of towers for downstairs they would have worked better.I felt I needed to revise this review as I had to get rid of the unit . Over time , in less than a year , the permanet filter of the device developed a foul odor that could not be elliminated . Clearning the replaceable filter did nothing to help the situation . For this reason I do n't reccomend it , I would have found the noise level acceptable had it not been for the fact that I could not stand the putrid odor .
 I bought two different brand air purifiers and this one is by far inferior . As other reviews indicate , it is very noisy . I have it on upstairs in a bedroom and can hear it downstairs . Also it must be placed 3 feet from anything which pretty much means it is very visible and in the way . These I could live with if it did a better job of purifying the air . There is not much change in the dust and pet fur accumulating on the furniture . I also purchased a Winix WAC9500 . More expensive but worth the money . The air is clear with significant reduction in dust and pet fur on the furniture . It can also be placed behind furniture , no 3 foot restriction . The Winix gets a thumbs up .
 This review is solely for the products size & loudness . Both of which were much more than I was expecting.I 'm sure it does an awesome job filtering , but I 'm not keeping it long enough to test it out . Out of the box it was already a lot bigger than I had realized it was going to be -LRB- a little larger than the standard mini-fridge I have in my room -RRB- . And within the first few minutes of plugging it in and having it going , it really drowns out any other noise -LRB- or conversation -RRB- in the room . Even the low setting is equivalent to the highest setting on my old TheraPure filter that I 'm getting rid of . You 'll have to turn this purifier off at night , or while watching a movie , in order to enjoy either.I was n't expecting pure silence , but this thing seems like it 's built to purify the air in a large garage , gymnasium , or airplane hangar ... HahaI do admit fault in that I should have paid more attention to the reviews . . & probably should have looked it up on YouTube to see a size comparison to someone.I 'm returning it tomorrow & going to find a smaller filter that I can hopefully sleep through .
 I live in a 1968 condo building above a smoker . The smoke penetrates my condo unit especially in the bathroom where he smokes at night . Neither this nor an smaller &#34; purifer &#34; clears the smoke . In fact both just makes it worse in the living room . Both -LRB- Honeywell -RRB- models claim to clear the cigarette smoke . But in fact they make it worse . THEY ARE BOTH JUST GIANT NON-EFFICIENT FANS . THE SMALLER MODEL HELPS VERY SLIGHTLY IN THE BATHROOM . RUNNING THE SHOWER WITH COLD WATER IS THE MOST EFFICIENT .
 I ordered this unit and the Honeywell 17000 to filter a medium and a large size room . This unit was intended to handle the large room . The first unit that I received had an unbalanced motor unit that causes the unit to vibrate around on its feet when set to the low setting . The noise that this makes on a hardwood floor is very iritating . As well , the vibrations give one pause to wonder how long the motor will last with it this badly off balance.This unit is very loud to start with and the vibration just adds to the noise level.Presuming that this was just a quality control issue , I returned the unit and asked for another to replace it . The second unit arrived with the exact same problem . Calls to the 888 number for Honeywell had the company representative say that the unit should not do that and to return it . A third try resulted in the same problem.It is possible that the company has just had a bad run of manufacturing ; but after three attempts to obtain a usable unit , I would not recommend buying this unit.Instead , I would recommend using the Honeywell 17000 as that unit works well , is much quieter , and does not have any vibration issues .
 I was so excited to get this after so much research . Today it came and I followed the assembly instructions-very easy-turned it on , and ... nothing !!! I could n't believe it . I reread the instructions , took it apart and did it again , had my husband check it , called Kaz , they were closed , so the thing just does n't work . Tried different outlets to no avail . Will be sending it back to amazon for an exchange . Hope I get a different one that actually works !
 I purchased this hoping that my sleeping could be more pleasureable without the congested nose that comes around just before spring . I am extremely shocked at the positive reviews that this has received . I ran it heavy for the first 2 days , and then after that wanted to use the lowest setting because it was just too loud . Even on the lowest setting I got this loud humming as if the tires on my car were warped due to misalignment . I could n't imagine how someone could sleep through this , because I surely could n't . Not only this but the thing was just too big . And to add insult to injury there was no improvement in the air quality in my bedroom . I sent this back ASAP , and am now back to hunting for another option .
 Yes , this is the wrong unit for the bedroom . Even at the lowest setting unit is too loud to sleep though . The unit also has a lighted dial which would work as a great nite light if you needed one . I do believe I could tell a difference in the air quality but as ours was purchased for the bedroom it will need to go back .
 I bought this product it wont startup . I used to right converter to convert from 220v to 110v and now it cost more than the product cost to ship it back . Now struck with a non starter .
 I bought this yesterday at Walmart for $ 158 . I 'm amazed that an air purifier can be sold that is this LOUD . They expect you to run this 24/7 !! Even on the lowest setting , I think I would hear this motor if it was down in the garage , let alone near my bed as I 'm trying to fall asleep . Horrible product .
 I purchased this over a year ago . It was used for four months . If you want something that makes noise and does NOTHING else buy this . First bad product I have ever purchased on Amazon .
 I purchased this product in the hopes that it would help to remove a mildew smell in my apartment . I ended up returning it because of three factors
 This unit did n't clean the dust from the air . It might have been cleaning the tiny unseen dust mites , but the room seem to gather dust even faster when the unit was on . Also it is noisy . My daughter said she still woke up stuffy , so she would rather suffer from her dust mite allergy than try to sleep with the unit on . We could n't keep a unit that took up so much space and did n't do what we needed it to do .
 i did n't even get this for the air purity or allergens , or whatever . i just wanted some help in minimizing the dust in my apt . i dust about once-a-week and so i know how much dust generally accumulates during a week 's time . my expectations for this air purifier were a range from hoping that it would virtually eliminate the need for dusting to at least help me cut down on the frequency.i honestly ca n't say i see any impact . and i even run it on turbo like almost 24-7 . in all fairness , i do n't think it 's because this particular one is not good , but rather , i 'm thinking now that there really is n't an air purifier that is going to be worthwhile . i chose this one after about two months of researching.it does seem to act as a decent fan though , circulating the air in my 4th floor apt .
 I would have rated this purifier with a negative number of stars if that were an option . The rubber seals on the top and bottom of the cylindrical HEPA filter emit a foul odor , which the fan distributes throughout the room . The product , as an air cleaner , is therefore less than worthless .
 I purchased this after have 3 failed Holmes units , hoping that the 5 star ratings saying that the noise was worth it were true . But I have a medium-sized apartment , and even if I put this unit on low on the other side of the room it is still way too loud . Its too loud to even try to get used to the noise , even on low . It sounds like a leaf blower on high.I do not think it 's worth the noise . If you 're looking for something to put in your bedroom or living room where you spend a lot of time , this is not the one for you , at all !
 If you need a purifier to keep running at all times , this is not for you . This is way to noisy .
 I read a lot about diferent air purifiers and saw that this Honeywell was top-rated and at a good price so I decided to buy one for our 35 ' motorhome -LRB- about 320 sq. ft. -RRB- . We winter camp alot in cold weather which means that the rig stays closed up for days on end and smells begain to accumulate . Cooking , the bathroom , and the dawgs . My wife also suffers from mold allergies . Upon unpacking the unit , it was bigger than I 'd envisioned . It seems sturdy enough , and the filter element is very generous . Set-up is a breeze . The instructions said to turn the unit on to it 's highest setting for 5 minutes , the `` Turbo '' mode , and WOW ! is this thing noisy ! And at it 's standard operating setting it 's like having a major piece of equipment running in your house . And even the `` Sleep '' mode is pretty noisy . Honeywell reccomends running the unit 24/7 for best results and the wife and I tried this for two days and we kept having to `` Talk over '' the unit . When I shut the unit off , we were both exclaiming about how loud we were talking to each other ! Maybe you wo n't be bothered by the noise , say if you live in an urban environment with a lot of traffic noise and neighbors and aircraft etc. . You might welcome the `` white noise '' . But out here in the campground we want to hear the Hawk cries , the Owl hoots , the coyotes howling , the frogs croaking
 I bought this air purifier for a small back cottage area . It worked really well but after 1 day of use I had an enormous headache and dizzy spell after walking into the room . I unplugged it and waited a day and tried the machine again in the main house where I had the same reaction . I did notice that the filter for the purifier smelled really strong when I first installed it so I 'm guessing it 's the filter . I have never had this kind of response to an item and have not suffered from chemical allergies in the past .
 I live in a small one bedroom apartment and I wanted to buy an air cleaner for the bedroom . I should have done my due diligence as this purifier is much larger than I thought . This is definitely not a table top unit . The unit is very loud . One of those that cycles from high to low , so brace yourself when you first switch it on . Even on low settings , it 's louder than my AC . The light on the power switch is very very bright . It emits a blue light that illuminates the entire area where I put it . I had to tape a piece of cardboard over it because it to block the light . Even then the light is still very noticeable .
 i dont know why i bothered ... i knew this was going to happen . i had to return this filter because ... it SUCKED.it was sooo loud but did n't make much of a difference in amount of dust or the air.i do think that it does somewhat work because i left it on medium and went away for a week . when i came home , my apt was n't as dusty as it would 've been , but it still did n't justify me keeping it . heavy to lug around . and is an eyesore .
 First , Honeywell has nothing to do with the company that sells these units - except they allow their name on the product.Second , Kaz , the company that does sell them under the Honeywell name provides HORRID customer service - in fact , no customer service . It is a total rip-off . After reading a view reviews here on Amazon stating that the units sold through Amazon are made by Kaz , I thought I 'd purchase directly from the maker even though it was $ 25 more than on Amazon . -LRB- Was I ever a dope -RRB- When I received it , I learned that Kaz is the sole maker / distributor and just uses the Honeywell name . -LRB- Also , weirdly , the merchant that processes their payments is eAccess Solutions - the same company that sells Blackberry cell phones and products . weird . -RRB- EXTREMELY LOUD and INCREDIBLY INEFFECTIVE -LRB- I got seriously ill after running it for a total of 10 hours -RRB- . It does n't seem to do anything except suck - and blow air . Before deciding to return it , I checked inside , looked at the filter , and there was not even the slightest trace of dust.So I requested an RMA - and in the fine print , I learn that the company does not pay return shipping -LRB- which cost me $ 42 -RRB- AND they charge a 10-30 % restocking fee -LRB- !!! -RRB- . I complained about that - with the $ 28 shipping I paid to begin with , plus the return shipping AND another 10 to 30 percent , I nearly could have bought one at a local store . * or on Amazon . What a sucker I was!After sending my complaint to the Kaz rep - I 'd pay anywhere from $ 60 to $ 120 just to return the thing with shipping and restocking - the agent said '' ... as a 1 time courtesy , they would waive the restocking fee should I care to return the unit . `` I bit the bullet on the shipping . Total shipping = $ 28 + $ 42 to return = $ 70 out of pocket for nothing.Then , weeks after returning the unit , I get an email saying basically , sorry . It was dirty . We 're charging you a restocking fee . Was it dirty ? Absolutely not . Or , maybe they just sold me a dirty machine ? -LRB- I checked it before boxing it and it was in exactly the same shape as when I received it . -RRB- So , now they will charge me up to $ 60 restocking . Not only that , they 've had the unit for weeks , and have yet to issue a refund of any sort.I did not get a good feeling about the entire product when I got very ill after using it a couple of days . I really do n't think it does anything to be honest.By the way , Honeywell no longer sells this unit on their own web site . That speaks volumes .
 This item was received with a taped box and directions to install pre-filter when opening the bottom the electric controll panel fell out . That was not the worst yet , no prefilter or filter present . I called to return and have to wait 5 days for another try at replacement unit . If second try gets a used item I will seek refund . I ca n't rate item until I get one that is in working order . I see others received used items as well sold as new be careful . I am hoping for a new factory sealed item in the second try and will post evaluation of product then so my rating is related to amazon not the product .
 If you 're wanting to use this in a bedroom , `` THIS IS NOT FOR YOU ! `` Let me list the cons on this purifier first :1 . It 's huge . Too big for a night stand . Just right for the floor .2 . It 's loud . Even on low sounds like a 747 warming up .3 . The blue power light is really bright . It 's like being in a gay bar . Not that I have ever been in one . Had to put 2 layers of Duct tape over mine just so I could get to sleep .4 . The carbon pre-filter emits a funky oder even after running for 5 days.The company recommends you place the cleaner outside or in a garage . I put mine in the garage since only a fool , or some nitwit that would suggest to you to do this , would place an electric appliance outside and let it run.Then let it run on high for 24 hours . I did this and it still STINKS . The lady said that in a room it was just recirculating the bad smell . Duh ! let me see . It 's an Air Purifier , Right?I do n't know if I can get used to this.Now let me list the Pros :1
 I bought a Honeywell 50250N air purifier for a Christmas gift . I ordered it on Dec. 7 , 2007 . My daughter recieved it 7 days later & product did not work . So , she sent it to back to Allergy Be Gone per Amazon . They just recieved it Jan. 2 , 2008 . It was not processed promptly . Thank you but would shop somewhere else .
 This is the best you can get.This is the best you can get.If you are not moving air you are not cleaning air.TI
 We were much exited about getting these purifiers and some others after reading many really good reviews . For more than 20 years we have been allergic to smoke dust you named , with plug noses all day or taking medicine my wife , son and me , we both two of each , included the Ionic Pro and the True Air purifier , about $ 700 . I had all of them in my room for more than four months and we had got worst I will not recommend this product too somebody like me and my family with a real bad allergic problem maybe some person that write five star reviews do it to make you spend the money they had spend I will not recommend this products at all do n't buy this Items save your self some money .
 At first I was skeptical because this product has many GOOD reviews but it also has many BAD and very bad reviews.Sadly I 'm going to be another one of the bad ones.I 'll make it quick and painless1 . This thing is loud as F * & # -- even on the lowest setting . . on the lowest setting it can be heard from the opposite side of the house and it 's still louder then the stand up model Honeywell I have . At the highest setting this thing sounds like an aircraft carrier taking off . . no joke -- I ca n't even hear the other air purifiers I have at the opposite end of the house when I 'm sitting right next to them when this thing is blowing air in another room ... It 's LOUD - You can hear it through 2 closed doors like it 's nothing ... 2 . The pre-filter / filter itself smell like rubber / manufacturing -- the smell is n't horrible . . but it 's strong enough that when the thing is blowing you can smell it . . it almost has a musty smell ... it does n't make the air smell fresh . . it makes it smell like a manufacturing plant .3 . If you are going to buy a replacement filter for the thing which they recommend you have to buy 3 to fit the 1 that it comes with . They do not sell an exact replacement they have split it into three parts -- and each one costs 80 bucks ... so it 's going to cost you more than the cost of a new unit to get replacement filters -LRB- which they recommend you replace every year ... -- yes you can buy the third party / aftermarket ones here on amazon for about 80-90 bucks but if I 'm buying a product I expect the replacement parts to be OEM ... maybe that 's just me ... 4 . The power usage on this bad boy is just downright ridiculous . It makes sense judging from the amount of sound it makes ... but this thing on high pulls the same amount as a toaster or as my vacuum cleaner -- I recorded it on high to use about 800 WPS -LRB- watts per second -RRB- at medium about 500 and on low about 300 -- This all adds up when you keep this thing running all year long which you are going to need to do . My honeywell standup model uses 80 WPS on high 50 on medium and 30 on low and kicks out plenty of air . -LRB- -LRB- I 'm not going to get into the math on transferring WPS into cost per year as it all depends on how long you are running it for and I have a long spreadsheet of every item in my house and how much it uses but just know that this thing is power hungry and you 're going to be paying at least another 30-40 bucks on your electricity bill if you run this thing on high all month.Overall I 'm very disappointed in this product ... if you are deaf or do n't mind the sound of living in a wind tunnel . . then by all means . . by this ... but if you 're like me and you prefer to be able to hear things in your house -LRB- especially when the wife is calling ... find something else -RRB- ... . then again . . maybe some of you would n't mind something to cover up the wife 's / husbands calls ... food for thought ... : P
 I bought this product because of the lifetime HEPA filter and thought the Honeywell name represented quality . However , the machine was noisy at all speeds and the motor siezed up after about one year of use . The warranty had expired and the cost to repair was not worth it .
 This particular design is noisy and not particularly effective . The drum with the carbon filter placed around it is a pain to get on neatly or correctly . I finally got rid of this thing and got a Kenmore and Hunter both of which are quieter .
 This air purifier is really loud , even on the lowest setting and the air that is pushed out is like having a box fan on . Not so good on colder days . The worst thing is that this gives off a wet dog smell . When I change out the filter , it is fine for a couple days , then the wet dog smell returns . It is strong ! Blue light is annoying . Upset I spent so much money on something i can not use comfortably .
 This purifier is very easy to setup . Just take the unit out of the box , unscrew the bottom , and then whole top lifts off revealing the main HEPA filter . Then you simply wrap the included carbon pre-filter around the main filter and secure it with the attached Velcro straps . To reassembly just place the top back on the unit and screw in the bolt on the bottom.Despite the easy disassembly process -LRB- perhaps because of it -RRB- the system is very well sealed . I like the overall design of the system that allows air to be sucked in through all sides and then blows the filtered air out the vents on the top.This air purifier offers good performance for the price but unfortunately I found it to be just too loud to leave running , even at the `` Medium '' setting which is what 's recommended for day time use . The `` High '' speed setting is unbearably loud and the `` Medium '' just a little quieter -LRB- but still too loud to use in a room with the TV , etc. -RRB- . The nighttime setting is better , but at that level you are n't getting much performance out of the machine.The system did a good job at capturing airborne particles in the pre-filter although it definitely was not at the same level as more expensive units such as IQAir.Overall this is a good system if you can deal with the noise . If you are specifically looking for some type of white noise in your house then this will definitely do the trick !
 Even on the low setting this filter is really loud from even another room . The medium and high settings are like having an airplane in your front room . I do n't see how anyone can actually use this . I wish I could leave it on to see how well it filtered , but it 's simply way too loud . The filter design is also very fragile , and due to this mine was crushed on shipping . This can be fixed with a new filter , but still a cheap design for the amount of money they want . I will probably not buy another Honeywell product after experiencing such a poorly designed piece .
 Just as another reviewer experienced , I ordered an original and a replacement and both shook excessively at the lowest setting . Looking through the hole in the top of the second one while the unit was running , I could see that the fan was out of round - the probable cause of the shaking . In both cases the air blew out irregularly -LRB- discrete puffs -RRB- at the lowest setting as well . The first unit came without a prefilter . After two attempts to find a non-defective model , I applied for a refund.Before buying this item I had tried out a different model Honeywell purifier from a friend and it was fine - no shaking and not loud . Perhaps problems with this model are an anomoly . Very dissappointing.Incidently , as other reviewers mentioned , this unit is quite loud . One would have a hard time conversing with others with the unit at the highest setting .
 I bought these knives on a Friday amazon sale and thought I was getting something pretty good . Instead , I got some very plastic cheesy looking knives . The steak knives look like they cost about 99 cents each . The rest of the knives are pretty good and very sharp . They cut well and have good balance . I was just really dissapointed with the steak knives as all the other knives are of good quality .
 I just recieved my knife set 4 days ago.Last night a knife was left in the sink and it rusted.What is up with that.I would recommend not getting this product.The knife set I had at $ 60.00 never rusted in the 10 years I had them.Shame on you kitchenaid for selling bad products .
 I was SO excited to get these cute stylish Kitchen Aid knives . I got them out to use them tonight and could not notice a difference between them and my cheap IKEA knives -- in fact , I like the IKEA ones more !
 KitchenAid should not have their name on this product . They are not dishwasher safe , and who wants to wash every knife by hand ? In the dishwasher , they rust up the first time and just get worse . I bought these for my wife for Christmas , and they will be in the trash before Mother 's Day .
 It looks attractive , but I was markedly disappointed with the lack of sharpness in all the knives . I find myself reaching for an old set of knives to cut up vegetables . If the fruit or veggies are nearing ripeness , the kitchenaid knives will not cut through them at all .
 Almost all my kitchen is KitchenAid . Since this brand is recognized by the quality in its products I figured this knives were no exception but this product is just wrong . Some of the knifes are full tang -LRB- 5 -RRB- and this is good , so I gave it a star . But the rest of the knifes just have the blade attached to the handle -LRB- meat knives -RRB- The wooden block scratches the knives , and I 'm not saying that this happen over time , just happened by placing the knives in the block and taking them out , how can this happen with KitchenAid -LSB- ... -RSB- The construction of the wooden block and the knives is poor . Not what you expect from KitchenAid , that 's for sure -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I was so excited to get this new set of knives because I had been working with mismatched pieces for so long . After doing research , I found this to be a very good deal -LRB- $ 49.99 -RRB- . But , I am very dissapointed with the quality . I would have expected more from `` Kitchenaid '' . Two of the knives were rusted when we got them . When you wash them , you must be very diligent to wipe dry ASAP or they will rust . I used to put all of my old knives in the dishwasher , with no rust at all . These ca n't go in the dishwasher , and yet even with careful handwashing , rust way too easy.No wonder they were so cheap !
 Seriously , for as good as their mixers are , their knives are really , really disappointing . Flimsy , dull , easily bent and broken . Within the first week of use , our paring knife bent a full 90 degrees at the tip and needed regular re-straightening before it eventually broke off altogether a couple months later . The steak knives are now following suit , and the handle of the chef 's knife has completely seperated from the blade . Gah ! Do n't waste your money .
 they show you the kitchen aid cultery that cost 129.00 and then they show you the 49.00 one when you see it online they are the same style when you receive the mess the 49.00 one is totally different and smaller I am so upset I dont know what to do jc pennys has the 129.00 one for 99.00 -
 Twice now , Amazon has sent me the `` Contemporary '' knife set when the `` Traditional '' knife set was ordered . The picture and the item # both denote the `` Traditional '' knife block . My first order was placed on Dec. 1st so that I would have the item in time for Christmas . Here it is 1 week before Christmas and I still do n't have what I ordered . I was told by Amazon customer service that they would credit my acct . and then I could re-order what I wanted . I ordered what I wanted the first time !! But they are n't sending me the item that I ordered . I 'm sure that the contemporary set is just fine , but it 's not what I wanted to give my sister for Christmas . Now I 'm stuck with out a gift and a bad taste in my mouth towards Amazon . I 've learned my lesson !!!
 I have used this model of Holmes Ultrasonic humidifiers for years . One lasted about 5 years . It can be used with or without the cartridge filter -LRB- which is bacteriostatic , and a good idea theoretically . -RRB- I gave one to my mother , and that one is in its second year and working well . On the other hand , I ordered one directly from Holmes in January , and it came and NEVER WORKED . The company was difficult to deal with ... said they would replace it if I paid $ 10 , but then admitted it was back-ordered and it would be MONTHS until they could replace it . They wanted to give me a cool mist , wick-type unit which I did not want . They would not refund my money until I wrote to my VISA card and made a formal complaint against them . It took months for them to finally refund my money for the unit and for filters that they never shipped . So , do not buy directly from the company ! - CB
 Compared to many reviewers here , I have been lucky because this humidifier worked for six months before it died today ! I bought mine from a local WalMart , but should have checked the reviews before buying it . I had a Sunbeam ultrasonic humidifier for 4.5 years before I accidentally broke the tank six month ago . From now on , I will avoid Holmes brand.To follow up
 Major problem with this unit is the mist it creates falls to the floor and wets carpet or creates a puddle on hard floors . The only way I found to avoid this is to place the unit a few feet above the floor.On the good side , the filter is cheap , around $ 5.00 . It is fairly quiet . It probably does n't take a lot of power to run.I much prefer my warm mist humidifier that allows you to set the humidity you want the room to be , and there is no filter to replace !
 I have n't had the same problems as the other reviewers ; it does put out a satisfactory stream of humid air , BUT the intake valve is junk . It disintegrated badly over the summer , and it ca n't be replaced . You have to buy a whole new tank . Customer service insisted it was my fault for not leaving the tank open during summer storage , but I have another unit I purchased from Brookstone probably 15 years ago , which never had this problem . It 's just a cheap material and a very flawed design . I get mad every time I have to fill the darned thing . When the rubber valve falls apart completely , I 'm trashing the entire unit .
 my Holmes humidifer was broken -LRB- no mist -RRB- after 3 months . I did send it with a check of $ 7 more than 2 months ago , and have n't receive information from Holmes.I emailed to ask my case and they tried to fool around.I am desperate!Very bad product and bad service ! I never buy Holmes product again !
 this item arrived with a broken tank , and 1 week later quit making mist at all
 I bought two of these humidifiers . One for work and one for home . They both broke in the first week .
 I bought two of these and within 3 days of each other they both stopped putting out any moisture . What a waste of my time and effort !
 I bought this product last year and it was a waist of money , first of all the mist did not disperse into the air , all the mist fell to the carpet . On the other hand , good luck trying to take the water out to clean the humidifier .
 Checked online comparing many models and purchased one two years ago , worked great all winter . Decided to purchase a second last year year , both worked great all winter last year . Unfortunatly this year neither works , despite cleaning and following all instructions . Guess the quality is put into them just enough to last though the warranty period . Junk , dont buy .
 I 'm looking for a new humidifier after throwing this one out . I had kept it for a few years thinking I 'll use it , but as the other reviewer said , it is so impractical because it literally wets the floor every time I use it . The vent is shaped in such a way that the mist does not go ` up ' but ` sideways ' and falls down . I tried taking out the vent , but then the mist would not come up out of the humidifier at all . I tried putting it on the top of the bookshelf and putting a towel on the floor , but after a few times , I just gave up . And this year , I finally decided to chuck this useless thing .
 I bought one after reading that the plastic tank would eventually crack . It arrived cracked , sent it back but they still made me pay shipping and the price of the discount . Not very fair.Lesson
 i didnt like it it at all beceause it quit working after the 3 hour i had it
 I had high hopes . We had a steam humidifier and , in retrospect , it worked great . A little noisy . A pain to clean . But it worked . I bought this humidifier and set it up . Heaven . Quiet , cool steam , fantastic . Then after a week there was no mist . I cleaned it , changed the water , wiped it down , even begged it but no go . The fan still works , but without the mist , it 's just a decorative door stop . I 'll try to get it fixed and go through the nightmare of sending it back to the company but I 'm not enthusiastic.Next up , a cool mist humidifier with next to no moving parts . Wish me luck .
 I originally bought this humidifier because it was smaller than the Bemis humidifier I already owned and because it runs quietly -LRB- I wanted to keep it in the bedroom to run at night -RRB- . While the unit fit nicely in the small space I had available for it , and while it was indeed very quiet , the mist this humidifier produces did not disperse into the air but instead fell to the floor -- and soaked it . I tried it in three places
 I bought this item and and was initally happy but after less than a month of use it stopped providing mist . I bought another as a replacement and it was dead out of the box . I called Holmes to have them replaced and they wanted me to pay $ 20 to have them replace THEIR defective products . After much annoyance they waived that fee and told me my replacements would be shipped in TWO months . Are you kidding me !!! . The product is a piece of junk and the company apparently does n't care about customer service . If I never buy another piece of # @ % ^ # $ from Holmes again it will be too soon !
 It is pretty quiet and puts out a considerable amount of mist . But there are problems .1 -RRB- Despite the fact that it comes with a demineralization cartridge that is supposed to eliminate white dust , there is white dust all over my furniture , and especially electrontic equipment .2 -RRB- The unit is designed with many nooks and crannies that make it quite difficult to clean . And you will have to clean it regularly , since brownish gunk accumulates frequently .3 -RRB- The opening to fill the water tank is too small to insert a normal sized hand , so it is impossible to wipe clean inside .4 -RRB- As other reviewers have noted , a lot of the mist simply falls to the ground around the unit .5 -RRB- Do not under any circumstances move the humidifier around while the tank is in place with water in it , or it is very easy for the water to overflow into the air vent and go down inside the base with the electrical components and short them out . This happened to me , and the unit promptly died .
 When the first unit we bought in December stopped working after two weeks of use , Holmes Customer service said we had to pay to ship it to El Paso , TX where they would exchange it at no charge for a new one . We paid the shipping , and two months later , Holmes said they process exchanges `` in the order they are received '' ; `` they believed our unit was in the warehouse '' ; but they `` had n't entered our return into their customer return tracking system '' , but told us `` not to worry ; it was surely in their warehouse and they would eventually get to it . `` So , since we need the humidity in the winter months , not the summer , we purchased a second unit , followed ALL the cleaning instructions precisely , buying ALL the Holmes recommended anti-bacterial , water-treatment , & cleaning products , only to have the unit fail -LRB- it stopped producing mist -RRB- after 6 days ; this time we exchanged it at the hardware store , where it was purchased.We purchased another unit from AMAZON , since the price was significantly less than what it costs at hardware stores in our area.Ultrasonic humidifiers , compared to the sponge dipped-in-water type , are superior . But as , eight other reviewers have noted , the Holmes model is probably at the bottom ; we have all the problems your other reviewers have found.HELPFUL HINTS : -LRB- 1 -RRB- We purchased the cheapest -LRB- $ 15.95 -RRB- Holmes Hydrometer -LRB- which tells you the % Humidity in your room and placed it -LSB- it 's 2 `` x2 '' in size -RSB- fifteen feet away from the humidifier -RRB- ; when it reads more than 55 % , the room is too humid . WE SHUT THE HUMIDIFIER OFF !! until it falls back where it should be -LRB- 40-55 % -RRB- . This reduces the white dust and drenching of nearby furniture . We NEVER rely on the `` automatic '' settings on the Holmes Humidifier that are built into the machine . -LRB- 2 -RRB- We keep the unit high off the ground , nowhere near furniture or electronic equipment when possible ; at nighttime -LRB- when we have no intention or desire to check the hydrometer , we put it on the tray of our children 's high chair . WELL THAT 'S KIND OF EXTREME , but it does work . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Also , FYI , the warmer the air , the more moisture the air will hold , so if you are lucky enough to have a toasty warm room , you have to watch the humidity levels more closely .
 This complete piece of garbage stopped producing mist after 3 nights of use . But that 's o.k. because at least our carpet now has a chance to dry out since the thing simply soaked everything near it . Like someone else asked , `` Has anyone at Holmes even tested this thing ? '' It 's going back to Sears tomorrow .
 I have rarely seen such a thoroughly ill-designed and shoddily constructed piece of equipment as the Holmes ' HM485 Ultrasonic Cool Mist Humidifier . I could n't tell you what the tank capacity is , because it does n't say on the box or in any of the product literature . It looks like about 1.5 gallons . The tank has one handle on the top only , so it is difficult to turn upside down to fill . And the top of the tank is not flat , so setting it down is precarious . The cap that you remove to fill the tank gets stuck easily in the closed position , requiring Herculean strength to budge it . But cool mist ultrasonic humidifiers are difficult to come by , so I was willing to put up with poor design.I bought my first Holmes HM485 Humidifier in the fall . It spewed a lot of mist and did a satisfactory job of humidifying my living room . But it drenched the floor with water , so I had to elevate it and put a towel underneath . Using it on a carpet was out of the question unless I wanted a soggy , moldy carpet . No ultrasonic humidifier I have owned in the past ever got the floor wet . Then 3 weeks after I started using it , the HM485 stopped working . The motor did n't die . The disc stopped vibrating , so no mist was produced . I called the company , and Holmes said they would replace the unit if I paid $ 10 shipping . I agreed , since it was past the date I could return the humidifier to the store where I bought it . I got a second HM485 . It lasted 3 weeks . Same problem as the first machine.I prefer ultrasonic humidifiers to evaporative humidifiers , because they do n't grow mold as easily and do n't require a wick that has to be replaced . It costs me about $ 100 per season to operate each one of my evaporative humidifiers , because I have to periodically replace the wick . They mold quickly and extensively . I once owned an ultrasonic humidifier that lasted 12 years before the motor died . It worked great and never got a drop of water on the floor , even though it sat on the floor . I even owned a Holmes ultrasonic model about 8 years ago , which only lasted 2 years , but at least it did a satisfactory job . So there 's no reason an ultrasonic humidifier should n't last a long time and humidify the air as opposed to the floor . Just do n't buy this one .
 Got what we thought was a deal on this unit from WalMart -LRB- closeout at $ 10 -RRB- , too good to be true . Then , when something seems too good to be true ... For the first 24 hours it ran quietly , looked pretty nice . Now it just looks nice , and smells bad -LRB- burning electronics smell -RRB- , and has quit completely.It 's going back today .
 It worked for about 2 weeks at lowest setting . Consider that the company has no local repair shop . You need to pay to send it to the company plus pay them to send it back to you ... Sure nobody will want to do this as this cost almost as much as the humidifier . If I could have chosen less than `` one star '' for my rating , I would have done it ... Life is too short to waste money on a bad product from a bad company !
 Facts are well written in other reviews.Mine worked for 2 months -LRB- what a good luck !! -RRB- I just tried to clean the sensor -LRB- because it 's the one that makes the problem -RRB- and finally broke it.I would not try to replace it because it will cost me $ 10 and what I 'll get for it will be another junk .
 I bought two of these poorly designed , lousy humidifiers . Both ceased to operate after their first use . Stay away from this product . It stinks .
 I bought mine 6 months ago to put in the baby room and it is still working . However , I 'm getting rid of it today ... I tried so hard to keep this thing clean but it 's IMPOSSIBLE ! You ca n't put your hand in the tank and the sensor is stuck in a corner which makes it pretty much impossible to clean to base without bending the sensor ... This is the worst humidifier EVER .
 The unit is advertized as having a humidity control . It actually has an output rate control -LRB- not the same thing , because it will keep running no matter how high the humidity goes -RRB- . The ultrasonic vaporizer on my unit died after only one week of use . This is apparently common with this unit . Amazon 's great return policy enabled me to ship it back for free , and I bought a sunbeam unit , which has so far lasted several weeks and is still working .
 We bought three of these things for Xmas replacement for some older evaporative types types . The first worked about a week out the box , I thought that was a fluke . The second one worked only for the first fill of water before failing . The third is still in the box , but now I see all these recent December reviews that other are having problems too . CAN YOU SPELL CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT . There is enough posting right here to prove a good case of bad product design . We want a refund , not an excuse and we want it from Amazon as the seller . They can deal with maker.Update
 We purchased two units 6 weeks ago . One of them worked fine , but the second unit stopped producing mist after one day . We were able to exchange it for another new one . Both worked until a few days ago when one stopped producing mist . I cleaned the base but it did n't help . Knowing I had lost the receipt I decided to use Lime-Away on the base which made it start working again , but only about half of the mist it used to produce when new . The other unit is now producing about half the mist it should.I am tempted to order new filters and a cleaning kit , but I figure I 'll just end up sending Holmes even more money for a flawed product and find out it does n't really help.Any humidifier that works for only 5 weeks before you have to give it an overhaul is a poorly designed product to begin with . That would be like selling a car that had to have the oil changed every month.Tried to contact Holmes on the Internet to see if they have any good suggestions for why these things do n't work . No website . Instead just an 800 number that uses the worst recorded voice recognition system to gather your address and phone number , supposedly to send you information , but I 'll bet money they sold my information to the world of spam by now .
 The transducer used in this thing is garbage . I have gone through two of these in less than 3 months . Same failure each time . The mist will stop completely . The mist was poor to start with , it would leave a puddle next to it in the morning . Buy a Sunbeam instead .
 My unit worked great for 30 days running from about 6:30 am til 10:00 pm every day . Then it quit . It 's clean and the blower is working but no mist . I guess it really is junk as suggested by others .
 This item is one of the worst I have purchased in years . The only think that this item humidifies is the floor . I got this because my room is dry and it the unit is very quiet . This item produces a mist that just drops to the floor . It does nothing for the moisture content of the room .
 I had confidence in the brand as I 've had a number of Holmes humidifiers in the past , all lasting between three and six years -LRB- winter only usage -RRB- . This model quit producing mist in less than three weeks . Thank goodness for Amazon 's easy return policy .
 I read the reviews on this product after I bought it . I crossed my fingers that I would not have the same problems , but no luck there . I had it about 4 ft off the floor , so no puddles , but yesterday it just quit misting . I cleaned it , but no luck . It really burns to have to throw this ` almost ' brand new humidifier in the trash after a few months of use . Based on reviews on Amazon , I 'm trying the Sunbeam Ultrasonic next . Do n't buy it , because chances are you will have to replace it in a few months .
 This unit is all looks no performance . It worked great for me for about 2-3 weeks then it just stopped producing mist . I assume it is made with very cheap electronic components . I believe the units fail when they run out of water and dont automatically turn off like they should .
 I have had two of these units break on me . The first broke within three weeks so I was able to exchange it under the warranty . The new unit then also broke in under three weeks . Its a waste of money and of poor design .
 How long do you expect this thing to work ? My anwser is
 I wanted an ultrasonic humidifier that is easy to clean . I do n't like the ones with filters and wicks you have to change constantly and we had a sunbeam ultrasonic that works great , but is a bit hard to clean.However , this one , despite having variable controls for the output , seems to put out a constantly heavy stream of moisture . So , if you leave it running all night , it saturates the area around it . We tried putting down a towel and it soaks it . I want the moisture in my air - not my carpet.It is nice and quiet and easier to clean , but I ca n't overcome the soaking problem . I am planning to return this item.I am planning to return this item .
 This product looks nice , and like many other reviewers have stated , it worked well for about 6 hours , then died . I have two of these machines , bought extra filters , used deionized water and when they stopped working tried everything to repair them , but to no avail . The company is not sympathetic and is difficult to contact . In trying to seek help , i researched many sites and found that this product is panned in every review . It seems to me unconscionable to continue making and selling a product with such obvious defect .
 We bought this humidifier and it worked great ... for about 4 hours . Then it stopped producing mist completely . Now we are about to try the second one , but judging from the other reviews here , Im not expecting much !
 ... the puddle around it is not big enough to swim.Hint
 On the plus side , it is very quite.Now for the negatives . You turn the water container upside down to fill , however , right side up or upside down , the container never sits flat . This means you must hold it upright yourself while filling -LRB- you ca n't just sit it in the sink -RRB- . I suppose I could have bypassed this slight annoyance if it was the only problem , but it 's not.As another reviewer mentioned , it soaks the entire area around it . There is supposed to be 2 fan speeds and an adjustment for moisture control . You can set both the fan and moisture control on low and it still seems to put out the same amount as putting them both on the high setting . The moisture goes up in the air about 6 inches and straight back down . According to the free moisture gage that was included with mine , it did increase my moisture in the air of my bedroom from about 35 % to 60 % ; however , it also increased the moisture level on my rug from 0 % to 100 % . I 'm returning mine today and hopefully I can find one a little less ... dampening .
 Short version . I bought it . It worked once , though the floor seemed damper than the air . The next time I woke to the smell of burning plastic . Now it 's dead.Long version
 As the other reviewers have pointed out , this humidifier will leave a puddle around itself . The mist just drops to the ground . Did anyone at Holmes even try this thing out ?
 I bought this humidifier from another place a few days ago . It was very quiet during working . However , it broke after the first night 's use . They gave you a manul with tons of `` DO N'T DO '' in the instructions . I followed all of them , but it still died vey quickly . What shall I say about this ? The quality is really poor . Just do not understand why they can not make this simple gadget more reliable . Is this really a hi-tech thing ?
 I bought two of these when my two-month old twins had colds . The best thing I can say about this humidifier is it did help their congestion . Unfortunately , it completely drenches everything -LRB- babies , furniture , floor , rugs , etc. -RRB- . I tried putting down vinyl cloths followed by every blanket and towel I own . Everything is totally drenched in the morning including our laminate floor . The laminate floor is now damaged despite all of our precautions . I went out and purchased the Vicks humidifiers which do n't drench everything but do n't seem to work very well either . I 'm on the search for something else .
 This is a beautiful knife . Nicely balanced and well made . But I ca n't get it as sharp as my other knives . I guess it 's OK for the price , but I 've had much better luck with other low-cost brands ... particularly Ikea knives .
 I have recently begun learning to bake artisianal breads and was happy to find these brioche molds . I read the product info thinking I would recieve 10 molds but only recieve one in the package . The shipping says 3 pounds plus 1 pound for packaging . There is no way this small mold weighs 3 pounds . Not to mention who makes just one brioche ? They should be more specfic in the advertising .
 I never recieved mine . The seller screwed me over on this one . I only recieved one tin out of the set and it had jagged edges . I would not reccommend if you value your money and time .
 The first thing I would like to point out is this a great mini refrigerator for anyone who needs something small that they can store easily at home or at work . There are many aspects of it that I found very great . But , I found a few problems with it within the first 4-6 months that you should know before buying this product.For the first month or so , it worked fine . It was very quiet and it kept my drinks at a perfect temperature , in my opinion . Both the cold and hot settings worked to prefection . I cleaned it regularly , and I was highly satisfied with the results of this refrigerator.After this period , everything went downhill . It started to get obnoxiously loud , and it kept me from getting sleep . It sounded like it was either dirty or something was stuck inside of it . I was so sick of the noise , I unplugged it and gave it a break for about 2 weeks . When I plugged it back in , it worked fine for about 30 minutes . Once again , it went back to the same obnoxious sound . I placed the refrigerator in a part of my room far away from the bed , which helped the irratating noise problem . Despite the noise , everything else was fine . The drinks were still maintaing a consistent temperature , and I was still slightly pleased . After about 3 months of this , it quit . I reached in to get a bottle of water , and I felt the condensation , which meant it was no longer being refrigerated . I then felt the back of the aplliance , which was very , very hot . I unplugged in , opened the door , and that 's how it 's been ever since . I do n't feel I got my money 's worth out of this product , so I 'm hoping that if I give it a longer break , it will recover.I reccomend buying a different mini refrigerator . This one is n't worth the trouble . A good friend of mine just purchased one from Sharper Image about 6 months ago , and he says it 's worked very good . It 's the same price as this one from Hamilton Beach . It 's even a little bigger.I hope this review helps you in your descicion of buying this product , and , if you were wondering , i 'm not a kid , I just ca n't remember my password .
 Although this unit is a space saver , we are disappointed in the consistency of the temperature . It gets cold fairly quickly , but then freezes your drink . Definitely do n't leave anything in there overnight or it will be a block of ice in the morning . We tried calling Hamilton Beach , however after a 17 minute wait to connect to a customer service rep the line went dead . When we called back it was another 21 minutes to connect to someone . Another bad point is that you ca n't adjust the temperature - there is no temperature control - there is a switch on the back for warm off cold . That 's it . One last note , the latch on the door is quite cheap . Overall I 'd give this a `` D '' .
 The fan motor is making vibrating and whirring noises . It appears that this product has not been designed to run continously for months as the fan/fan bearings must wear out and the product is not even a year old . I was very happy with the product until this problem appeared .
 After i order the filter . I have to wait 2 week to get the filter . And i open it , the filter look like old . no box just cover the newspaper . I very do n't like it .
 I posted pictures of the actual product as received . I also feel duped after purchasing this product based upon the Amazon description . I was under the impression that I was buying a Hoover brand product at a great price , based on the posted photograph , product description and some of the customer reviews . I was wrong . The product is some cheaper quality Chinese knock off . I mistakenly bought one of these before and it broke the first time I tried to clean it . I could have paid $ 3.00 more for `` Genuine Hoover '' , if I had only read the recent reviews first ! I guess I have learned once again that I get what I pay for.Hoover 40140201 Replacement Long-Life HEPA Cartridge Filter
 This was advertised as a Hoover 40140201 , however it was a no-name replacement ! I resent being deceived . The price was too good to be true . If a brand name is pictured , that is what should be shipped , not a no-name product of inferior quality . I will never use this service again . Caveat emptor .
 The product itself works fine , but I do n't appreciate the fact that the product is advertised as a new Hoover filter when in fact the filter I received from the vendor is an unpackaged , generic knock-off . False advertising from B&M Housewares !
 Everything in this items description implies it is a genuine Hoover product . It is n't . I wish Amazon would develop a policy that requires merchants to state whether or not a item is name brand or generic .
 I recieved this product wrapped in newspaper , and it smelled . Beware if not purchasing from amazon.com . I also purchased the three layer flat filter from amazon - arrived perfectly .
 I feel duped after purchasing this product based upon the Amazon description . I was under the impression that I was buying a Hoover brand product at a great price . I was wrong . The product is some cheaper quality knock off . I guess I have learned once again that I get what I pay for .
 This product was not a Hoover genuine filter as advertised . The filter is not near as sturdy as my old Hoover filter .
 Sadly I did n't read all the reviews first , just looked at the rating . This company is not shipping what is advertised . They are sending out generic filters that are n't even HEPA compliant . They are n't even Hoover , there is no brand name on them , no patent numbers -LRB- they may be even using patents illegally -RRB- . That said they are filters , even if they are far thinner than the brand name ones , and you can see right through them . Just do n't expect them to do a great job stopping dust and mites .
 These are not Hoover filters as advertised . They come in a bag with newspaper around them with no protection . Mine are bent . These are generic -LRB- who knows if they work -RRB- garbage . I will attempt to return . Amazon should remove this seller and relegate them to eBay where you can be assured to be ripped off . If you sell a generic item STATE THIS . Some people are happy with that . I am not . At least buy and resell fake filters with Hoover stamped on them . Then maybe people like me might be duped into thinking this is the real thing . Shipping took forever . Well over 2 weeks and vendor lied about shipping date . Completely unhappy and I have only had this problem with one other 3rd party vendor on Amazon . This vendor borders on fraud .
 I tried not to believe some of these reviews . After all , the picture shows a Hoover Brand package , the Title says Hoover Long Life Replacement BY HOOVER , the product number is Hoover 's number AND the list price is the Hoover list price . So why did they send me a generic cartridge in a different package that says `` Designed to fit Hoover '' - Because they are deceptive `` bait and switch '' leeches that do n't deserve to carry the Amazon name . Shame on B&M and shame on Amazon ... whether or not the product meets my satisfaction - this flagrant practice must not go unpunished . Customers who purchased these misadvertised products should not rate them with anything but a 1 , even if the product is decent , because they are misrepresenting their products and prospective customers are being misled into buying a lesser quality product . I give them an F.
 I ordered and paid for a Hoover replacement filter for my vacuum and recieved a GENERIC , DAMAGED filter ! Plus it took a week and a half to get it ! B&M Housewares SUCK !
 the picture shown for this product does not reflect what you receive . the filter was in a plastic bag that was wrapped in newspaper then placed in a shipping plastic bag . I received the item in the mail and it was crushed . The company selling this product is fortunate that people like myself are too lazy to repackage and return the item . It 's such a hassle . I 'll never purchase from this company again .
 Wrong item advertised . I am not sure if this is Amazon 's or Acehardware 's fault , but this Hoover HEPA filter is NOT washable . It clearly states it is on the amazon description of it , but it is not . The Acehardware was fair enough to refund me , although I still paid the shipping for the wrong item . Please make sure you get the correct filter . The washable one has a sticker that is more blue -LRB- not green -RRB- .
 I searched for , found , and ordered a Hoover quality filter . In returned I received a cheap , unwrapped , generic filter with a poor quality filter media . Furthermore , the filter was wrapped in an arabic newspaper . This is the ultimate bait & switch . I will never order from this company and again and would encourage Amazon to remove them from their site .
 wow , i have purchased this product from a more reputable seller in the past -LRB- from amazon mind you -RRB- and b/c that particular seller is no longer available with amazon , i chose to be sold by this company and product . . yes , price was a huge factor . you always take a risk when purchasing from an unknown source but i always bank -LRB- will review my process in the future -RRB- with retailers advertising with amazon . BS product , certainly not hoover , which i wasnt necessarily banking on -LRB- i understand and believe that it does not have to be OEM -RRB- . this company certainly mis represented their product as hoover and in fact is not even close ... product even smells of terrible chemicals apparently used to process the filter . a filter smelling of processed chemicals ... how very ironic . so very disappointed . shame on us consumers who purchase based on scam marketing . im disappointed in myself and certainly with the misreprestation of the product .
 Note
 I bought this and was very disappointed in how flimsy it was . I can easily bend it . Do not buy . Pay a little extra to get a more sturdy license plate , maybe one made of hard plastic .
 I ordered this in hopes to make xmas cookies this year with my son . The first set came and it only had 5 irons in it . Santa was missing . So I sent them back and they were real quick to ship me another package . I received this package yesterday and again only 5 irons no Santa . How can the boxes being missing Santa in two shipments . So no cookies this year . Very disappointed .
 I was disappointed with the person who sold this product . The box clearly states there were six pieces but i only received 5 .
 It was shipped and arrived in about 2 days . The irons are great , but i 'm missing Santa . So I only received 5 out of 6 irons . considering the time of year - it is kind of nice to have a Santa iron ...
 I purchased this item to share wonderful memories with my grandchildren . What I was given was a nightmare in the kitchen . The disc kept falling off the handle and when you are working with hot oil , that is not a thing you want to say .
 I have tried to get them to correct it but they have n't . The IC-100A does not include the 1/4 '' compression fittings which were included with the older , discontinued IC-100 product . The fittings are available in a separate kit which must be ordered from a third party . As much as I am a big fan of Amazon this has become an annoyance because they just do n't do their homework . You 'd be better off going to your local hardware store to get the correct product .
 The instructions for this filter clearly state that it should not be subject to freezing temperatures , or else the outer case will crack.Amazon shipped this item in winter via UPS and the package was left outside of my door for several hours in FREEZING temperatures.The case was cracked.Beware about ordering in the winter !!!
 I have used this filter in the past and ordered two replacements . This time , however , I was sent the Culligan IC-100A instead of the Culligan IC-100 . The difference is , as I can clearly see on the boxes , the A does not contain the two fittings -LRB- adapters -RRB- that I need . Make sure that you receive the correct product before you put this away for future use -LRB- as I was going to do . -RRB- My order and my receipt both say IC-100 -LRB- no A -RRB- and since there does n't seem to be a way to directly talk to Amazon or e-mail them , I 'm just returning these . Problem is that in searching for the correct product on the internet , all links go back to Amazon -- the Amazon cosmic loop .
 While installing this icemaker water filter , one of the -LSB- optional -RSB- adaptors for compression nut ends snapped clean off . Now I must call customer service to see what can be done . Needless to say , I 'm not pleased with the quality of this product .
 I am not sure if it was something I was doing , but I bought two of these -LRB- one to install and one for backup -RRB- and while trying to put the first one in place , it broke -LRB- small thin plastic attachment onto my copper cable was n't working -RRB- . I was really glad I bought two - then the second one broke too !!! I decided to drink my water as it comes out of the ground - forget the filter - these are n't worth it . -LRB- HOWEVER , they did refund me the entire price - so this seller is reputable !! -RRB- Thanks for that guys !
 I bought a two-pack for my Sub-Zero refrigerator . The older water filters used to come with brass nuts on each end but these new ones come with plastic ones . I over tightened and cracked the first one . This is probably my fault but would not have happened with brass nuts . Luckily , they come in pairs , so I installed the second filter without any problems . Next time , If I have a choice , I will choose a filter that is made with quality parts .
 After about 3 weeks of use , my wife 's side controller started to flash the dreaded `` FF '' on her digital controller . I followed all of the manufactures suggestions to no avail . Now I have to pay to ship it back to them , with a 3 to 4 week wait time . This is the 2nd one that has gone out . I am beginning to think there is a quality control issue as the FF seems to be such an issue that it 's on their website . I have purchased 100 's of items on here , and this is the first regretful purchase I have made.I DO NOT recommend that you purchase their products . I would refer you to the consumers website where you can query yourself .
 I got this thinking it would be nice to mix drinks in and keep them cold longer . I 've tried it twice , and both times the blue gel `` melted '' even before I got a chance to use it . I kept it in the freezer the night before and it spent about an hour in the fridge before mixing the drinks . We used 2 bowls , this one and the one that came with the blender and found that there really was no difference between the two . It 's no wonder Oster has discontinued this item .
 The product I ordered does not seem to be a Closet Maid ! It does not have the name on the side like the original had.What I received looked like it but it seems the back &#34; lips &#34; are slightly longer than the others were.Is there a certain way to install them ? There were no intructions wit the order.Would appreciate an answer.Jeanne Brandt
 I installed these supports in a large walk in closet a few years ago . They soon started breaking and spilling clothes all over the floor . I replaced them and actually added even more supports to make a strong system and avoid the headache again . They started breaking again and I contacted the manufacturer to gripe . Their lame excuse was overloading and said they were only made to hold one item on a hanger spaced every 2 inches which is just not real life in any closet I have ever seen . After wasting my time with them , I have replaced the closet system with another brand and will stay away from Closetmaid from now on .
 These support hooks from Closet Maid are made very poorly . We installed them every 18 inches , closer than what is recommended , and they have failed . They break where the bracket goes over the wire shelf . They are made out of resin and because the shelves are flimsy and flex , there is a side load on this cheap little part . Had we known this , we would never have bought any of this Closet Maid system , but now we are stuck with it . We will probably design some type of Rube Goldberg support system using 2 x 4 's to support the wire mesh of the shelves . If you have not yet put any shelving in your closet , do NOT buy Closet Maid.By the way , if you hang a normal clothing load on this shelving system , the places in between the brackets sag considerably . It looks terrible , to say nothing of what it does to the support hooks . What a terrible system overall made with such cheap material . Would have rated `` 0 '' stars but system wo n't allow.UPDATE
 We bought two ClosetMaid SuperSlide 6 ' by 12 '' inch shelf kits . The product looked good and the price was right . When we got it home , we found the hardware for hanging the shelves was incomplete . -LRB- ClosetMaid does not , for example , supply mounting screws , only `` pin `` s for attaching the shelves to walls . -RRB- We took extra time and care and hung the two kits in about 21/2 hours.One fell and then the other . I 'm sure they would hold a light load , but anyone paying to `` upgrade '' a closet is expecting to come away with some serious storage.We went to a home improvement center and purchased another $ 20 in hardware and rehung the two kits . They wo n't come down now , but I would have liked to have instructions and hardware equal to the reality of the job .
 As stated by the previous two reviews , mine broke and Lowe 's nor Home Depot have them in stock so now I have to pay extra for shipping !!!! Now , I know to put twice as many as they recommend . I 'll be putting twice as many as before . Take note and add extras before your 's break !
 The only reason I 'm even buying new ones is that it 's much quicker/easier than installing a whole new bar . But I 'll definitely be doing that at some point . And it wo n't be a Closetmaid . Unfortunately , this brand is sold at both Home Depot and Lowe 's .
 Item was misrepresented in the orignal listing . It showed the entire item and said `` SINGLE ITEM ONLY '' . That was fine with me as I only wanted one as a gift . Nothing was said about this being a middle plate of the item which is all I received . Now the wording `` FOR REPLACEMENT '' has been added .
 I BOUGHT THIS FRYER IN NOV. . AND USED IT FOR THE 1ST TIME NEW YEAR 'S EVE . I FRIED 1 BATCH OF FISH AND IT WORKED OK . I TRIED TO USE IT THE NEXT DAY AND IT WOULD N'T TURN ON . I HAD A LOT OF FISH 2 COOK , AND I HAD TO COOK THE FISH ON MY STOVE . I WANT MY MONEY BACK . CHEAP , CHEAP , CHEAP ! ...
 i had it for a year at the most and it melted one day while i had it plugged in . Where the knobs are actually melted .
 We had this fryer for about 2 years . The elements are finicky it turns off by itself . The main problem is with the contact switches on the back not being depressed correctly.Today however was far worse as one of the heating elements burst into flames from the inside . Overall the product is 1-2 stars except for the bursting into flames part .
 Deep fryer sucks , the connectors dont work in the back , just the worst I 've ever dealt with , got it for my step dad & he hates it ! He was using a single vat deep fryer that kicks this double ones ass ! My suggestion ... . Dont buy
 being southern , I 've owned deep fryers for most of my adult life and unfortunately I have to say that this is , by far , the worst I 've ever owned . I have had numerous problems with the fryer both small and large , which I 'll list here : * The dual fryers repeatedly cause my electrical system to throw a breaker . I figured this might be more on my home 's electrical system than on the product , so I let this one slide but it is frustrating that I ca n't use two 1500 watt elements in tandem , effectively making this only a single , small fryer . * The power cords are magnetic and constantly fall out of position so that the fryer is disconnected from its electrical source . I contacted the manufacturer who graciously shipped me two new elements but these new elements have the exact same problem . All of the other fryers I 've owned were like this one , except that they did n't fall out , so I 'm certain it is n't anything that I 'm doing wrong . I 've been through six power cords and four elements with the exact same results , random power outages . * When I first plugged these elements in , white smoke billowed out from beneath the temperature dial on the first two elements that I received . The manufacturer explained that this was ` normal ' and that it was simply some lubricants used in manufacturing burning off . I 'll accept this answer although it was n't the case with the two replacement elements they sent . * This product appears to have an etched logo on the front , however when cleaning it , this logo wiped off with a single wipe . Further , the temperature numbers on the dial smeared after a single use.Overall I have to rate this product as not only bad , but a lemon . It is a large , heavy , kitchen decoration that offers no reliable functionality of any kind .
 The magnetized power connectors on this product stopped working after a couple of uses . Therefore , the deep fryer will not heat up -LRB- or even stay on -RRB- unless we actually hold the power connectors in place . We wrote to the product manufacturer THREE times to ask about replacement parts and/or fixes for this problem . We got no response at all . We also tried telephoning , but they do not pick up their telephone . I would stay far , far away from this product . I am currently in the process of buying a substitute and this one will go in the trash.By the way , it is true that the number disappear on the dial nearly right away . I fixed this by painting over them with clear nail polish immediately upon the product 's arrival , but they are a bit smudgy anyway .
 Hi this product broke after my owning it three months and using is maybe four times . The heating coils do not work . not good .
 Trashed it within the year , after using it probably about 25 times at the most.Last week the second unit quit working , I opened up the plastic where the power cord connects and to my astonishment the electrical connectors that feed the power to the heating element were completely eroded . they just pulverized when I touched them . It 's a shame that junk like this is sold at Amazon.J.J .
 I 've used it twice and it does n't work its a major let down it makes me feel like I need to erase my wishlist because I have a lot of electric stuff on my wishlist what should I do because I 'm so upset
 I bought this deep fryer because it had two separate fryer baskets . Initially I thought it looked good . After a few times using it I found out differently . When I wiped the oil off the area around the controls , all of the numbers that tell me the temperatures wiped completely off . They were some kind of ink that was not permanent . Also , when I put the tops back over the fryer , they would not fit . They are made of cheap plastic and once they get near anything warm they warp and will not fit . I HIGHLY do NOT recommend this fryer to anyone . The connections in the back to the electrical cord is loose and does not fit well . Do yourself a favor and look for another fryer other than this one .
 I purchased the 6-liter model , and it is a very generous size . That is about all I can say that is good about this fryer . When you clean it , the temperature settings clean right off , so you can not adjust the temperature as easily anymore . I believe you can get new stickers sent out , but I imagine the new would be subject to the same problem . The main problem is the heaters though . There are two seperate heating elements , and both completely stopped working after only a couple of uses . It also poorly constructed , the tank do not fit into the main body properly and the lid will not stay on . I returned that unit to Amazon for a refund . I would not recommend anyone to buy this product .
 I purchased this for my Aunt & Uncle . My Uncle was an electrician for GM for 40 years & after he checked this out , would not even let my Aunt plug it in ! He declared that it was a shock hazard . If you use both sides at once it takes 3000 wates which most homes ca n't handle . Be caefull if you purchase this . We returned it , still waiting for reimbursement .
 the unit come on and go off while cooking . electrical cord in the back broke out . I rate these fryers a 0 . my review is concerning the Maxi-Mati EDF-3060 Elite Platium Stainless-Steel 6-Quart Deep Fryer .
 After reading the reviews -- I hate to buy this my dad wants one for Christmas ... I thought we had something in place for `` lemon '' products.I guess I want to know why its still for sale if the workmanship is so poor -- no improvements seem to be made at all.So where is this item made -- over seas I bet ... Like I said I hate to buy one ...
 Maxi-Matic EDF-4080 Elite Platinum Stainless-Steel 8-Liter Deep FryerI ordered 3 of these , one for me and two for gifts . We liked this product because it had 2 frying compartments with separate thermostats . Sounded ideal . One stopped working on the second use and the plug would n't stay connected . Amazon promptly replaced this one . Then another one of the fryers started smoking around the thermostat , but the other side seemed OK . Tried that side and it started smoking and smelled like an electrical short in the unit . These could be a fire hazard . We are not at all pleased and would not recommend buying one . Also , the temperataure settings rubbed off . It was a good concept , but a poor product . Buy something else . We all had a nice fryer , diffrent brand , it was a single compartment , but worked very well , thought a double would be better . We are now going to purchase a second single fryer unit like the one we already have.I will have to say that Amazon has taken care of our problem better than I expected and I do commend Amazon on that . They are the seller not the maker of this product .
 I purchased this fryer because of the size and having separated fry areas . It was great for about a week ! I was about to write a great review about it . Then not one , but both of the heating elements started billowing white smoke that smelled of burning wires . I am not the only one to have this problem . The company insists that it is just lubricant burning off , but it is just poor design . I do n't see how a company can continue to sell a defective product to people . If your product does n't work , fix the flaw or discontinue it . I would n't waste the money on this fryer and I have serious doubts about the company now as well .
 I purchased the 8-liter model , and it is a very generous size . That is about all I can say that is good about this fryer . When you clean it , the temperature settings clean right off , so you can not adjust the temperature as easily anymore . I believe you can get new stickers sent out , but I imagine the new would be subject to the same problem . The main problem is the heaters though . There are two seperate heating elements , and both completely stopped working after only a couple of uses . I returned that unit to Amazon for a replacement , and one of the heating elements in the replacement unit has already stopped working -LRB- 2 months later -RRB- . I have not yet tried to contact the company for repair/replacement , but it is not comforting that three out of four heating elements have been defective . If I could do it over , I would buy something else .
 The version of the Weeping Buddha -LRB- or Yogi Man -RRB- that I purchased from this vendor does not look like what is in this picture . If you have seen one of these at a store and wanted to buy one online , look elsewhere as the details that you probably saw in person looks like the picture in the description but does not look like what you will receive.First , the item I received was not glossy like this . It had more of a matte finish.Second , the Buddha was not even . The item was poorly made and , if looked at straight on , was crooked and poorly done.Third , the details were not smooth . The fingers and toes looked like the end of square matchsticks more than actual fingers . The details of the back you see here are also missing on the real thing.Fourth , as a result of the problems above , what you want to see in a Weeping Buddha are not there . The arms , when looked at from the side , should look like a baby in utero in that you can see a small head , body , arms , and legs . The one I received had arms so poorly carved that the baby only had a head and a body . The traditional muscles of the Buddha 's arm that make up the baby 's arms and legs were missing . From head on , a Weeping Buddha should make up a face -LRB- top of the head is the nose , fingers are the teeth , etc. -RRB- but this face was crooked and looked horrible . These symbolisms are crucial to the meaning of the Weeping Buddha and whoever made the one I received simply did not take the time to carve out the details that even an average Weeping Buddha Statue would have.You may not have know about these required details but they are what make up the beauty of the Weeping Buddha and you are being ripped off if you buy from this vendor.Look elsewhere .
 This coffeemaker looked great on the web site . Loved the color . However when it arrived it was so poorly packed the glass inside the red shell was totally shattered . As soon as I picked up the package I could hear the rattling of broken glass . Amazon accepted it back with no problem , but it was very frustrating to go through the process of researching , then selecting `` just the right coffeemaker , '' then waiting for its arrival , only to find it was so poorly wrapped . We went to Targer and bought a Bodum French press locally . It 's great .
 I 'm sure this item might live up to the rave reviews that others have posted . I 'm sure the screen is wonderful , never letting one granule of coffee grounds escape . I 'm sure this would have cleaned up in a snap , silently drying in our dish rack next to the Blues Clues sippy cup and our McDonalds Hercules plastic dinner plates . I 'm sure my wife would have LOVED this press pot . But we 'll never know.Amazon sent this item inside a box barely an inch wider than the outer packaging . Inbetween the outer packaging was a strip of deflated air-bagz packaging material . That 's it . No other material inside the box to protect the item Amazon shipped me . No indication on the outside of the box that the contents were fragile glass or anything of the like.I had it gift wrapped prior to shipping with a cute note praising my wife and her hard work she does on a daily basis for our kids and I . Her eyes lit up when she tore the paper away and saw that not only was this a french press pot but it was PINK . Her favorite color . Then she scrunched up her nose and asked if it should rattle ... the glass inside was broken is several places . 20 pieces of glass in all.I 'm very disappointed in Amazon for their complacency in packaging . Our Monday morning escape to caffeine land did not go as planned . Shame on you Amazon .
 I purchased this in Nov 2010 . Worked so much better for us than our king electric blanket -LRB- made by sunbeam and died also after 1 season -RRB- . The dual controls were great because i like to be quite toasty , like a 5-6 and my husband is fine with 0-2 . We also liked the pad option because it would not be any shifting while sleeping . So here we are Dec 2012 & I ` m on amazon looking for another pad ! Keep in mind this is only in use for the winter season . I keep it on the bed from beginning in November or December until the end of February . I take it off the mattress after the winter season also . So basically this can not last a full calender year . I also remember winter 2011 my husband complained out the heat output was not the same . He had to increase it to 5 for it to be at a noticeable level for him . I did n't think anything of it because my side was working fine. : - -RRB- I wonder if those great reviews are still valid after 1 season ? I will look at another manufacturer of a heated pads this time .
 Worked well for a few months then my precious bed warming mattress cover started breaking down . I really love the warmth when it works , but unfortunately due to poor quality , I had to throw it out .
 We are now on our third -LRB- 3rd -RRB- queen size heated mattress pad -LRB- the first two were replaced under warrantee -RRB- and this is the first one where we have experienced this problem . I 'm thinking that the wires extend too far up under the pillows as I can hear buzzing from the pad through the pillow when the heat is on and then it stops when the thermostat says it is warm enough . I lost about 11/2 hours of sleep last night due to this . Sunbeam says `` put a blanket over it '' ! That did n't work . I 'm calling them again tomorrow and we 'll see what the next ` fix ' is !
 We had such high hopes for this colander . It was beautiful . Within months it started to rust around the rim . Shortly thereafter it started rusting around the drain holes rendering it totally useless . A colander should last years , not months . Only buy this if you never plan on using it .
 I bought this item because I wanted a funcitonal colander that was also a nice match to my kitchen decor . I 've had it for six months , have used it maybe 20 times to drain pasta or hold fruit/veggies while I wash . I always air-dry it out immediately after use and washing . The paint started chipping and the metal underneath started rusting almost immediately . VERY POOR QUALITY is how I would rate this item !
 Very pretty when I first got it ! I chose the magenta one . But the first time I placed it in the dishwasher , it came out with what seemed like bleach spots all over it . The pretty hot pink enamel is completely ruined . This would have matched my kitchen perfectly , but I 'm now using it on my patio as a plant container .
 I got this in Cabernet and was delighted . At first.The colander is a nice size , functional , and the colour is gorgeous.HOWEVER , less than 8 months later , with light use -LRB- 3-4 times a week -RRB- and even lighter care -LRB- always hand washed , we do n't even own a dishwasher -RRB- the enamel started bubbling and peeling.I contacted Amazon and they explained that because of the 30-day return policy it was too late to return it to them . Fair enough.They suggested I contact the manufacturer . Ok.I did exactly that , and , more than a month later , have n't even received a reply from them.If you want colour , there are other options . I know own the Tovolo Red Melamine Colander -LSB- ... -RSB- and , so far , it is working out great -LRB- and is less than half the price -RRB- . I suggest you stay away unless you only want it as decoration .
 This is a good-looking , easily readable wall clock . At night , when all is still , this clock can definitely be heard ticking -LRB- actually , more of a `` tock '' -RRB- . The clock is in our bathroom , but , in the contemporary style , our bathroom is off the Master Bedroom without a door . The tocking can be heard 40 ' away in bed . Previous atomic clocks which I have owned of other manufacturers have not ticked at all.I have n't had this clock long enough to know whether or not it will automatically change for Daylight Savings but the instructions say that it will.I 've downgraded it because the ticking is really annoying . It did change from daylight savings to standard time as advertised.I would not buy it if I could do it over again .
 I bought the Icarus set at Bed Bath and Beyond after falling in love with my mom 's couple year old set . While I love the looks and especially the weight of the pieces , I 'm extremely disappointed.First thing I noticed out of the box was like some other reports , some of the handles were actually sharp on the back edges . Secondly , on several pieces , the curve between the fork and handle and spoon and handle is very rough - almost as rough as the inner portion of the fork tines . I figured that I could live with it since I loved the set otherwise.Less than a month of use later -LRB- including being washed promptly in the dishwasher with regular non citrus/no bleach Cascade -RRB- I noticed that not only were the inner fork tines rusting , but several of the knife blades were as well . Closer inspection revealed that nearly all of the pieces with rough surface -LRB- spoons , knives and forks -RRB- had rust on the rough spots and half of the knives had a spot of rust on the handle - in the exactly same spot just underneath the place/date of manufacture stamp.So why can a 3 week old set be rusting when a couple of years old set look brand new ? I realized that beyond the fact that the factory in China that produced my set in June of 08 apparently did n't know what `` quality control '' meant , the set my mom had was different from mine and others that have had problems.I asked my mom to see if her set had a date stamp - it did n't , but WAS stamped 18/10 Oneida China . I 'd assumed -LRB- you know what they say about that -RRB- that mine was 18/10 and could n't remember even noting if the box said 18/10 or not , but my set has no 18/10 stamp on the pieces and according to the Oneida US site , the Icarus is now 18/0 . Oneida UK still lists the 18/10 Icarus.While the 18/0 may account for the rust , the other issues are just related to absolutely no quality control and corners being cut in manufacturing . I 'm really disappointed in Oneida - they used to be a decent brand .
 I purchased this flatware after an exhaustive search for new everyday stainless . Many of the reviews posted referred to the nice weight and simple styling of the design . All true . However , I should have paid more attention to the couple of reviews discussing rust spots . After the very first wash every grooved piece -LRB- forks and knives -RRB- were covered in ugly orange rust spots . These were washed in a two year old Fisher & Paykel dishwasher with powder detergent arranged as specified in the manufacturer 's care instructions . I spent over an hour using stainless polish to try to remove the spots -LRB- it is impossible to remove them completely -RRB- and then rewashed only to have the exact same result . These went back pronto ! It was a real disappointment from a brand like Oneida . It is clear that there was a defect in the manufacturing process .
 We received this item for our wedding registry , and we immediately want to return it . The picture may make it look nice , but do n't be fooled . The minute we took it out of the box , we wanted to throw it out of the window . This silverware is cheap , machine punched out chinese garbage . The back edge of the handles has a sharp edge and is uneven . It is very overpriced , very misleading , please do n't buy this product , you wo n't be happy .
 Moved into a new home and wanted new quality flatware . Bought 2 sets at Bed , Bath & Beyond . I have washed them carefully in a brand new dishwasher , with non-lemon powder . Over a couple of months noticed most of the forks had rust spots between the tines . I have tried to remove the rust with no success . I am going to try to return these sets to B , B&B . My last style of Oneida I had for over 15 years , perfect , just wanted a new sleek style . Very disappointed !
 I 'm a huge OXO fan . This is the first product of theirs I 've ever returned . 2 hands are required to remove a sheet of toweling with this holder , and even then it 's not a smooth operation . It gets 2 stars for appearance only .
 I 've had this dispnser for about 6 months now . I never really loved it , but at least it worked . First , the paper does not turn freely and you defintley ca n't use it with just one hand . Last week the top locking mechanism failed , so now I am really unhappy with it .
 If you are like me , you think because you spend near thrity dollars for a paper towel holder you are safeguarded against catastrophe , think again . After forty-five days of use , the gripper top would no longer sit inside the towel holder , and the base came apart from the spinner bottom . In a word , Lousy .
 The lid works well as a substitute for a glass lid and fits perfectly for lodge 10.25 '' skillet . However , the material is super thin and light-weighted . The lid feels cheap which probably justifies the lower price comparing to other brands . It 's definitely not `` heavy '' or `` durable '' or `` professional-grade '' as advertised . The rolled-over edge makes it hard to clean . But my major concern is that there are no stainless steel caps on top of the aluminum rivets , which defeats the purpose of having a stainless steel lid as opposed to an aluminum one that costs less . Aluminum easily reacts to whatever it comes in contact with . In short , if you just want an additional lid without spending much , it 's a good price . But I will not buy it again because of my concern about aluminum .
 This frame is now up on my wall because I ca n't give it to anyone else as the craftsmanship is just not adequate . We even had to use some tape on it to hold it together as the glass otherwise kept coming out of the frame . The concept is fine . It looks very good up on the wall with my own art work in it . The floating aspect and the black of the frame are very dramatic . But this design needs to go back to the manufacturer 's drawing board for modification . Hubby , the mechanical one in this family , even had trouble putting the art inside and then putting it together . That is virtually unheard of in our house . Other manufacturers ready made frames sold on the internet as a whole generally have a better craftsmanship level . I bought 2 of these frames so the 2nd one will be joining the first up on the wall in my computer room .
 I 've only had my colander for a 3 months , and the enamel is already chipping and the metal underneath is rusting . Now , we do use it for a lot of draining pasta , so we 're pouring boiling water through it . We also put it in the dishwasher to wash . But why would I want to have to treat a utilitarian tool in my kitchen with kid gloves ? I expected better performance . So , now I 'm looking for a colander that is just plain stainless steel . It wo n't be as pretty , but I 'm hoping it will work better .
 Calypso Basics 7 Quart Enamel On Steel Colander , RedI ordered this in tuquise and recieved green and to top it all off it has sat empty on my kitchen counter since i recieved it about 3 weeks ago and is already rusting I will never order from this company again . It is a very poor quality product and I feel I have wasted my money !!!!!
 I 've owned one of these for a while and not thrilled with it . The raviolis do n't seal or separate well unless the pasta is fairly thick , which is not really appealing to me . I like to make very thin pasta for my ravioli - part of the appeal of making it myself . I 'll be trying a mold next time .
 Bought this thought it would be great for making raviolis . I was wrong ! They stick and run up on themselves . I have tried it several times and the pasta sticks - it is not easy to use and the raviolis are not very full . Dont waste your money .
 I bought it with high hopes . I think it makes the ravioli making process more difficult . I find it much easier to make them by hand in comparison to this attachment .
 This makes very small raviolis and it does n't seal good - a lot of the filling falls out upon cooking . I even tried to get my money back and could n't !!
 The package arrived with a dayglow sticker saying it must be returned within 72 hours No Exceptions ! The amazon paperwork said no returns accepted after Dec. 1st . I ordered this and the set of 2 candle mantle hooks on Dec. 4th . I wish I had known the Dec. 1st deadline before I placed my order because now I 'm stuck with 6 pieces of very tarnished brass with gross impecfections . One of the pieces looks like they left extra solder splayed across it 's front . It can be seen from 30 feet away . Also the bulbs are not standard bulbs . They have an extra plastic piece on the bottom used to screw them into the candle base . This means when the bulb burns out it ca n't be replaced with a store bought bulb . I 'll never buy from Christmas Central again .
 Assembly was a little difficult , but once the unit is put together it does look nice . The only problem is the cubby holes for the shoes are tiny ! A typical pair of American shoes -LRB- even childrens -RRB- will not fit . Some shoes can fit singly in the holes -LRB- two holes per pair -RRB- . Others don ; t fit at all , especially sneakers or large shoes .
 Item does not come from listed seller , it comes from `` The Frame Shack '' and it does not have easel back or glass as described . Poorly constructed , nails in back instead of swivel hooks , looks like it was made in high school shop class .
 The wood of the frame seems fine , and the stand and hanging loop were adequate . However , the frame wo n't fit a standard-sized mat because there 's so little space . Once I added my mat and the photo I could n't actually latch the back onto the frame ! And of course , I had to open the package before I discovered all this . So now I have a non-returnable frame and mat . There was nothing in the description that led me to believe it would n't hold a standard mat .
 I ordered 4 white frames to give family members wedding photos for Christmas . Not only did I receive the wrong items -LRB- 3 black frames and 1 white frame -RRB- , but I also received an incorrect receipt -- which states that I purchased The Exorcist Book , the Bible and a Peanuts Box Set . I am very disappointed in the lack of attention that was paid , and now need to go through the hassle of a return and replacing these holiday items .
 definitely thought this item was going to appear higher quality and it ended up looking rather cheap . wouldnt order it again .
 This is the fourth portable evaporative unit I 've owned . None have been impressive but this is by far the worst I 've had . It was expensive , heavy , bulky and is only fairly cool if you 're standing right in front of it . The `` paragraph '' considered the owners manual was useless -LRB- download it - you wo n't believe it -RRB- . It constantly needs water . The freestanding unit this replaced used about one gallon a day . This uses a minimum of seven or more . Everytime I go in that room it 's hot because the water is gone . If I stayed there all day and actually filled it as needed I ca n't imagine how much it would use . All the other units I 've owned had a convenient fill area at the top or side . This one requires you to pour the water directly into the back . I use a gallon jug to do this which never fits between the unit and the wall or window - whichever it 's sitting in front of . That means I have to move it -LRB- with water in an open pan in the bottom -RRB- . Everything within a three foot radius is constantly soaked . Worst of all , IT DOES N'T HAVE A WATER LEVEL INDICATOR ! That was a first ! For anyone who has n't used a cooler of this type , an indicator is basic and necessary . The manual says to look inside the front -LRB- between the grates -RRB- to see how much water is left . Needless to say you ca n't see down in there and even if you could it 's impossible to estimate water volume . You are warned `` not to overfill '' because the excess water will run out of unit and allover you , your carpet , and your furniture . Because if this guessing game it is either constantly underfilled or leaking . I hate this thing . What a waste of money . When it 's replacement gets here it 's going to the curb .
 The temperature hit 95 yesterday , the first time above 85 degrees this year , and the temperature in my home office maxed out at 81 . Since I live in a hot , dry area , I thought a swamp cooler would keep the room a bit cooler than the fan I 've been using . I went shopping online first , then picked up one of these at a local store.I agree totally with the critical review posted July 13 , 2005 . The room temperature is now 77 degrees after running the `` cooler '' on high for 4 hours , and the temperature outside never exceeded 85 ! My house is fairly well insulated , not great , but with the windows closed , the temperature in such conditions would have been about 70 to 72 degrees without the cooler.The power consumption is horrible , far worse than expected . For comparison , the fan I 've been using consumes about 45 watts . This cooler on High/Cool mode uses about 225 watts ! With the pump turned off , the power was still about 195 watts on high . The lowest power consumption is about 92 watts on the Low/Vent mode , twice as much as the old fan . If I left this thing on High/Cool 24/7 -LRB- refilling the water every 4 hours or so -RRB- , my utility bill would increase by about $ 11.50 / month -LRB- wind power provided by my city is about 7 cents/kWh -RRB- . And for what ? Letting all that hot air in so it can be marginally cooled ! No thanks!This model is no longer manufactured . It has been replaced by the UltraCool EC302 , which appears to be identical except that the new model has casters.I 'll empty the reservoir , clean the thing up , put it back in the box , return it and hope for a refund .
 I purchased this and also the 33 '' shoe cabinet . I took me about 1 hour to put this together . Not too bad except for the fact that the magnet for door attachment was drilled in the wrong slot , and the screw for the door knob is too short . My biggest disappointment is that the shoe slots were way too small . I can barely fit my daughter size 3 tennis shoe in the slot . I have to remove one of the divider and even then , the slots were too small for a size 6 tennis shoes . Pretty bad design , and not very useful . I wo n't even waste my time putting together the 33 '' cabinet .
 Chantal Condiment Plate , Cobalt Blue was out of stock . I never approved for late shipment . I am awaiting credit instead . Intended as a Christmas present for a friend , together with blue and white balls that were too big , with size and quantity poorly described.Thank you , Barbara GrantFort Lauderdale , FL
 The glass was broken on arrival . The packaging was not sufficient . Oh well , you win some , you lose some .
 Terrible quality . The backing would n't even stay on because of the different size between it and the frame . Very flimsy . Not worth even the good `` deal '' it seems to be .
 My order is incomplete and I have tried contacting the company ttat sold the item twice and theyu are not responding . I am extremelt disappointed . I ordred four of these frames ; the invoce even says they are four but they only shiopped one to me . I am so frustrated and wished I had not dealt with this company .
 i ordered 2 of these , and they were both pretty pathetic , as frames go . with one , the glue from the package stuck to the frame , and i wore off some of the finish by removing the glue . overall , not a good buy .
 The frame was very nice , just what I wanted , but it arrived with the glass in a thousand pieces . I could not use it and was n't able to get out and get one locally because I am a shutin . So , I am very disappointed .
 I purchased 3 of the 8x10 frames , and was disappointed with them for several reasons . First , they did n't arrive in the stated delivery range , and as I needed one of them for a XMas gift , I ended up having to buy a similar frame at TJMaxx . When the frames did arrive , I was very disappointed with the quality . The frames look more like wood-colored plastic than real wood , the `` glass '' is actually plastic , and the fold-out stand in the back did n't fold out far enough to support the frame -LRB- so it kept falling over -RRB- . The frame from TJMaxx was roughly the same price , and far nicer .
 Nice item , good price , did not last AT ALL . It fell apart less than 6 months after I purchased it .
 The perfect solution spinning remote control organizer looks nice and the spinning is OK if your too lazy to reach over to get a remote control . The big problem I had and I know other wrote about later is the side holders are just too small to accept most remote controls . I had only one out of five it could hold in it side pocket . I do n't like to say bad things about a product but this was not designed with reality in mind .
 Quality of the plastic is so low very flimsy . Moreover , the bottom spinner does not sit tight making it useless.Returning the item is painful as it is not sold by Amazon . So stat away from this crap .
 If the middle box would stay in place , this would be a great product . It 's annoying that it moves around . It 's still functional though .
 To whom it may concern , It arrived on time with no problems , but the product is not worth the money . When you connect the bottom piece to it , it does not lock into place . It comes apart when you try to move it from one place to another and you have to use both hands to hold it.Thank you ... WRB . .
 This product arrived broken in two places . Not the fault of the shipper . Manufactured with cheap plastic . Would NOT recommend buying it .
 I ordered these for cream servers at my coffee shop as I felt they were pretty indestructible . While the carafe itself is good , the lids are a nightmare . One broke within a short period of time and the remaining one is difficult to clean and put back together . Keeps the cream cold though !
 I must say that the primary reason I got a new blender was my friends ' irritation at the fact that with my old blender , you could n't make a frozen drink for the life of you . Anyhow , you ca n't do so with the Kitchen Aid , either -- no matter how long you blend , it always leaves big chunks of ice in the drinks . I 've also had trouble with thicker sauces -LRB- i.e. pesto -RRB- . Having invested the cash in this blender , I am stuck with it for now , but next time I 'm getting a Waring . From what I 've heard , it 's the only one that crushes ice and makes blended drinks halfway decently .
 My first blender had the same defect that an earlier poster reported -- within the warranty period the rotor/teeth connection stripped out . Kitchen Aid replaced the unit . Today the new unit had exactly the same misfortune . Its our misfortune now because the unit is out of warranty and Kitchen Aid wo n't supply the part on the excuse that installing it requires disassembly by a repair center.This is a wonderful blender for making shakes , but because of this one critical defect , I would recommend that you look elsewhere .
 I agree with the other negative reviews . The blade is poorly designed , so there are always big chunks of ice or food material left over . It does n't matter how high a speed you use , or for how long . There are other design problems as well . It 's difficult to get a good seal at the bottom , so stuff leaks out a lot . Finally , the spout on the pitcher is way too small . You always end up dripping stuff all over the place . For the amount you 're paying , there are a lot of better choices -LRB- e.g. Waring -RRB- .
 I bought this blender 3 years ago and really loved it . I used it twice daily , and also liked that it was a fairly quiet blender . However , after three years the rubber teeth on the rubber rotator coupling seem to have become brittle with age and started breaking off . For the price of this blender I would have expected a better lifespan . I will not buy another one of these , and am shopping for another make .
 This blender lasted 2 years and then the rotor teeth broke . I have been using this blender at least 2 times a week to make smoothies and the rotor teeth started breaking off . It does not appear that I can easily replace this part so I will be looking for a new blender . I recommend that you keep looking for a blender that has been around for some time and has withstood many years of use . That is what I will be doing . Good luck .
 I wish the FUNCTION was as good as the FORM . One thing I have shared with others after buying and using this blender is JUST because it comes in the designer color you want is not a good enough reason to buy an appliance , especially $ 100 on a blender!Being that I try to get my appliances in COBALT BLUE I bought this blender two years ago.It does the job of blending but is messy to pour from , hard to clean , and just doesnt seem to work as well as other blenders at half it 's price . I love my Kitchen Aid Mixer ... it looks good AND most importantly performs well.Wish Kitchenaid could have made this blender to work as well .
 i am thinking about buying this blender in cabolt blue to go along with other kitchenaid stuff if the same color but these reviews sometime seam to talk about an older model of blender and not this newer one . Yes things do get redisgned over time and replacement parts dryup so do n't blame them for not having any . It would be nice when reviewing the product to give the moden number and date purchest so we would know if your reviewing the older or newer models.KitchenAid KSB5 5-Speed Blender , Cobalt BlueI received my new blender today and need to show why a lot of these reviews do not imply to this new model blender .1 -RRB- Color
 Glass jar is supposed to hold 40 oz . But if you fill it to 40 oz , contents will spill because they will ride up to the lid . The lid is another problem . Came out of dishwasher all bent out of shape and with permanent stains . Contents were spilling when full even before lid was deformed . Blades are not as sharp as with other blenders . I think that if they were a bit sharper they would take care of some tasks -LRB- such as pureeing tomatoes for Mexican rice -RRB- faster and better . Bottom line
 although this blender is beautiful , mine was n't able to perform even the most basic of blender tasks adequately . despite several minutes of full-speed blending , it left a banana smoothy full of banana chunks big as marbles . even my old $ 25 blender could handle a soft banana ! as decor , it 's fine , but as a blender , it does n't cut the mustard -LRB- or the banana -RRB- .
 I ordered the Cobalt Blue color , so naturally I was expecting the blender to be blue . When I removed it from the box , I was surprised to see that the lid was actually purple , and the base was a purplish-bluish color . Not only did the purple color not match what was represented on the website , it did not even match the color on its own box . Amazon was kind enough to send out a replacement , however it also was purple and had to be returned . I did not use the blender so can not comment on its use , but wanted future buyers to beware in case they expect a true blue because it definitely is not that . I am re-ordering it in black , hoping that Kitchenaid does not mess up such a basic color -LRB- or non-color -RRB- . I will write another review after I use it !
 I burned two of these machines in 10 years . The last one lasted three years . I was using it daily to make smoothies for two persons . In addition I used it to make soups with cooked vegetables periodically . I ca n't imagine whhat would have happened had the vegetables been raw ! It 's a great machine if you use it occasionally otherwise you better invest in a more powerful machine .
 Bought this blender ... and thought that it would blow away the old Osterizer we had . I mix a smoothie every morning with strawberries , blueberries , cruched ice , honey , liquid lecithin , juice , protein powder and ground flax seeds . The blender starts and then stalls with the flashing red lights all going -LRB- very pretty if I needed a Xmas decoration -RRB- , have to start it again and hold the button down to keep it going . If I let go , the flashing lights come back and have to start over . Eventually it actually runs but it does make me pine for the old reliable and cheaper Osterizer ...
 We purchased the 3speed version about 4 years ago . I was so excited , as our Kitchen Aid mixer has been wonderful . From the beginning , black gook accumulated under the container . And now , although hardly used , like everyone else , the rubber coupling teeth shredded apart , ruining my dinner -LRB- I was making pureed soup of cooked carrots -RRB- , and getting black particles all over my counter . I called Kitchen Aid , and the lady seemed to be ALL to familiar with this problem , and tells me I can send it to a repair center , the closest being a two hour drive . I am SHOCKED that this can happen so easily and so quickly with a $ 100 blender . I would NEVER buy one again , and would certainly read other people 's reviews of other blenders before making another purchase . People are shelling out a lot of money for the name brand , and they 're being ripped off .
 Re-reviewed and purchased a number of years ago . Used product less than ten times over this time period.I stayed up late chopping vegetables and making a new soup receipe for my work lunches . I poured the hot soup in the blender following the safety tips - fill half way only and vent the blender container with a towel over the vented top . I started the first batch on puree and suddenly the blender stopped . I removed the glass container and saw that the coupler had melted within the blender sleeve . I was too tired to get an alternative out -LRB- Cuisinart -RRB- and finish the puree of the soup.I did not expect a kitchenaid product to be low quality but then when I went to the kitchenaid site , I saw that kitchenaid , maytag , sears and whirlpool are the same company . I have always used both kitchenaid and maytag but have experienced many failures with both these brands within the first year of use starting in the 2008 . I have already sworn off maytag purchases and am considering not buying kitchenaid again but ... . I have been loyal to both brands since the 1970s .
 Big disappointment . My main purpose for buying this particular blender was to make frozen drinks -LRB- smoothies , margaritas , etc. -RRB- . This blender does not have the power behind the motor to completely crush the ice . No matter how long you run it , you always have a chunk of ice remaining . It runs fine for mixing food and drinks that do not contain anything `` chunky '' . Otherwise , forget it .
 It felt cheap . It did n't slide at all . I had to return it .
 BREAD BOX FALLS APART REAL EASY . CONSTRUCTION IS AWFUL
 I was disappointed in this bread box . I paid full price for it -LRB- 24.99 -RRB- and it arrived broken . The roll part seemed flimsy to me and it did n't roll well at all . I returned it .
 I just opened this package , and am online here at Amazon to return it . My son said it best , `` I could have done better in shop class . '' Edges do n't meet , rolltop does not roll because of gaps in construction . Terrible construction , defective in my book . I do n't know what these 5-star rating folks received , I would love one of those , but this one 's going back now .
 I received this as a shower gift and it was broken when I opened it , I returned it for another one and noticed it was made of incredibly cheap wood which I did n't think was any stronger than cardboard.It was n't airtight at ALL . When I made my return I was checking every breadbox on the shelf and none of them rolled very easily , they all stuck a little bit . That would n't have been a problem if I 'd have thought the wood was stronger than cardboard.MAYBE for $ 5 I 'd have kept it , but I returned it for credit at my -LRB- still , even after this -RRB- favorite store . : - -RRB-
 I received this bread box this morning . It does not match the photo shown for this item , it is completely rounded on the top instead of squared off at the back . I have an old one that looks just like the photo shown , which has lasted many years . Disappointed with this new style , it also is made cheaper than my old one . The handle now is very thin , the thickness of one of the roll slats , instead of the thicker wood handle it use to have that lasts for years .
 I expected KitchenAid products to perform at this price point and was sorely disappointed . The blades are not sharp for effective blending . It was designed more for crushing ice which it ca n't do . The rubberized claw on the motor base developed cracks after crushing ice and moderate use to blend liquids.The jug is not properly shaped to draw the liquid down to the blades and you have to keep scraping the contents and push it down.My mother bought a Braun which works as a good blender should at a lower price . They are not available through Amazon and you have to search the web for vendors .
 We got this blender for our wedding four years ago . We have used it some , but not what I would call a lot . I mean , we 're not making smoothies for breakfast every day or anything ! The other day I was using it , and it completely quit working because the mechanism which turns the blades -LRB- made out of some kind of rubber ? -RRB- disintegrated into tiny little pieces -- annoying , to say the least . The blender is nice in the beginning , but I would n't recommend it for the long term .
 It has taken three blenders to figure out a system that works -LRB- maybe -RRB- . My first blender was returned with a terrible noise in the blade assembly . The second was quiet as a dream but gradually developed the grating noise as well . Warranty replacement was easy but took a long time to receive the new unit . Upon working with both the old unit and the new one , I determined that the noise varies with each assembly . Sometimes works like a dream , sometimes unearthly noise . It seems to be a design flaw in the jar base . Noise can vary by placement on the base . FRUSTRATION . When it works it 's great but maybe not worth the hassle . Hard to believe three different blenders would have the same issue .
 If you want an ice crusher - this is it . It can crush ice without any liquid at any speed . However , if you want a smooth texture , this will not do the job . I mainly use blenders for smoothies and to puree soup . Because of the blunt blade and wide bottom - it will not emulsify no matter how long you run it . When I made my smoothie , I ran it longer to see if it would become a creamy consistency -LRB- like I would get from my other blender -RRB- but it just made the ingredients warm . Another problem is that it doens n't handle single portions well . It splashes all over the jar making it impossible to add ingredients without getting it in your hair and making it necessary to scrape the sides . I returned it and bought a Hamilton Beach MasterBlender for $ 20 -LRB- Bed & Bath -RRB- and it 's fantastic . No ice chunks , creamy smoothies and silk-like soups .
 Same as you 've already read , this blender leaves large food chunks at the bottom of the jar , very rarely truly blending anything . I called Kitchenaid 's tech support , they advised me to start with a slow blend speed , and then progressively move up to the faster speeds . This works somewhat , but frozen strawberries & bananas never fully blend . The motor is stronger than cheapo blenders , but much slower . On the plus side , the exterior cleans well , and I 've never experienced the bottom falling out as others have -LRB- was the base simply unscrewed from the jar ? -RRB- . Choose another brand or a cheapo .
 Oh yeah , I loved my Kitchenaid blender for it 's ice crushing talent . Then one day -LRB- horrors ! -RRB- I used regular sized cubes -LRB- not the dainty quarter sized ones -RRB- , the rubber coupler jammed and broke 3 of its teeth.So , customer service tells me , the closest place that fixes these delicate little thingies is 280 miles away.I want a Waring ! But apparently they malfunction with normal cubes too ...
 I bought this blender 3 years ago paying full price at a department store . I had gone through my share of Hamilton Beach , Sunbeam , etc. -LRB- poor products in short -RRB- and wanted a really sturdy blender for occasional heavy duty use . Breaks ice at any speed the blurb accompanying the blender at the store said , and I picked it up , was impressed with the weight and the all-metal body and promptly bought it . This is something I 'm going to keep for the next 20 years I thought , like grandma 's trusty old Osterizer . I have been using the blender mostly to blend soups , hummus -LRB- garbanzo + tahini -RRB- and rice batter -LRB- for an Indian dish -RRB- . I have noticed that the motor heats up fairly fast and tends also to heat the contents of the jar . You had to stop every few minutes and let it cool before continuing . This despite the exhaust fan at the bottom of the motor . Well finally , it stopped working yesterday . I turn it on and the lights go berserk and the motor does not turn . I took it apart and it looks like it came out of the factory just yesterday - so clean looking . Did not see any obvious signs of burnt components on the circuit board . I probably have used the blender some 50 times and it has cost me 2 dollars and change per use ! Kitchenaid warranty covers only the first year and I might have ended up with a bad one against high odds but seeing that there is no easy way to fix this thing I am swearing off Kitchenaid from now on.I just got the Osterizer Classic and it is superior to this blender in every way -LRB- & cheaper -RRB- .
 I purchased this blender and the 1st few times I used it , I loved it ! Then ... when I was making a margarita all the teeth broke off at once ! I do n't think I used it more than 10 times ! -LRB- I owned it less than 60 days -RRB- I tried to return it to Boston Store but without the box or a receipt they would not accept it . I may purchased the new model of the KitchenAid Blender so I can get the contact for customer service and maybe they will be more helpful .
 We have owned three of these in the last 10 years or so . They look great , and seem to be substantial . However , the rubber coupling that connects the blades to the motor is designed to fail . And it will fail long before it should . And it is very difficult for an owner to fix , although it should not be . KitchenAid is very unhelpful , and denies that there is a design flaw . We own all KitchenAid appliances . We will never buy another .
 Big chunks left over , and the rubber coupling broke off after 200 uses or so .
 Notice that they are also selling a coupling part . I expected Kitchenaid to be of good quality and last a long time , like my mother 's stand mixer . I have n't used my blender very much , although I did crush small amounts of ice on its pulse mode . Anyway the coupling unit broke off 4 of its 6 teeth and now I 'm afraid to use it . Fortunately they sell the part , but I will have to get someone else to replace it since I have arthritic hands . I bought a Kitchenaid toaster at the same time and it also broke within 2 years of use .
 I should have listened to the other one-star reviews . Yep , the rubber coupling began to break off -LRB- the rubber teeth on the base of the blender that the top rests on -- the part the turns the blades in the top -RRB- . The rest of the blender is in great condition . Very sad . We 'll be buying a different blender . -LRB- We use this for making frozen fruit smoothies 5-6 days per week . -RRB- Poor internal design .
 If you ever plan on blending frozen fruit this is not the blender for you . After just two months all the teeth are broken off the coupling from making fruit smoothies . Also , all the smoothie camps out above the blade while it spins wildly while blending nothing . Big waste . It looks pretty and has a good lid , but that is about all it has going for it .
 The rubber blade on the base which connects with the glass container will fail after several years.Don ' t waste your money . Find a product with metal parts.With light use , there does n't seem to be a problem , which was my experience until recently . So do your research !
 I have had this blender for nearly 2 years and use it for a lot of heavy-duty liquefying and have been very happy with its performance . I have burned out motors of several , cheaper blenders previously under the same kind of use . The fact that you can throw the blade into a dishwasher is something very unique to Kitchenaid I believe and it comes very handy . One problem that is common to all american-made , american-designed blenders is present in the Kitchenaid blender also . The high profile of the blade causes small quantities to get stuck under the blade . Why they could n't lower the blades I do n't know . ... See my updated review -LRB- after the blender died on me -RRB- .
 I 'll admit , I was wowed by the color , size , weight -LRB- very sturdy -RRB- of this machine . And it operates with very minimal noise . Clean up is exceptionally easy too . However , I drink about 2 - 3 protein shakes per day . Included in my shakes are frozen bananas and strawberries . No matter how long I leave this blender running , there are always LARGE chunks of fruit stuck to the blades , stuck under the blades or floating in the shake . My last blender lasted me for 5 years , it was a cheapo model which I paid about $ 30 for and it managed to blend everything in a matter of seconds . So I am at a complete loss as to why this blender is so lousy . I feel cheated .
 I bought one of these the first time I saw it because my wife and I had such a good service from or KA Stand Mixer for many years . It looked so well built and sturdy . The noise level was so low , easy to clean , we liked it very much until we tried to make a banana smoothie , the result was banana chunks even after long periods of pulse or different speeds . I called KA service and the lady suggested to try riper bananas or even to puree the banana first in the KA food processor!The blades were strong and dull , then later I learned that there is a sharper version in newer models , was not interested in making the change , since it involved a cost and hassle , so , recently , I sent the blades to a sharpening store , where they sharpen many types of cutting tools and they did a wonderful job , now it purees EVERYTHING smoothly , easily and with a very low noise levelI think KA should call back these dull blades models and make the blades change at no cost for consumer , in the meantime , my pretty KitchenAid blender was saved from the storage room and is now working flawlessly on the kitchen counter .1 star for the hassle of having the consumer to fix the problem .
 the rubber coupling fell apart , literally , and I hardly used this blender . Super disappointed , and from my favorite brand . Not sure which one to buy now as all my other appliances are kitchen aide , and I would prefer they match , but not if they are this poor quality .
 I think this blender is underpowered . Also somtimes the container leaks and makes a mess and I think it is false advertising for the box to say `` Most Powerful Premium Blender '' , because in this price range the juiceman smoothie blender has 400 more watts of power than the Kitchenaid blender and I think it would do a much better job . Also , the Dimension blender has a LIFETIME warranty and 200 more watts of power plus it actually costs less . I have one with a stainless steel container .
 I bought this blender about 7 years ago , and have used it only 100 times or so . While making a milkshake the blender blades stopped working . I called KitchenAid and they told me they no longer carry replacement blades . I spent the big money for KitchenAid to begin with because they stand behind their products , and now I find out they do n't . I will never buy KitchenAid again.What kind of blender company would not carry replacement blades ?
 Thermostat quit working right out of the box ... Company sent another ... It wo n't work either ... You can not control the heat it is on high or off no in-between . This is a piece of crap !!
 My wife says the dribble problem is a man thing . I say , if you like licking coffee off your hand , then buy this baby because the FRIGGIN THING SPIILS EVERYTIME YOU GO TO POUR COFFEE . Trust me , you may as well place the appliance in your sink when in use .
 Dig it . All I want is a reliable machine to provide my necessary cup of joe in the morning . Is that too much to ask ? I purchased this KitchenAid expecting just the basics of coffee production . What I got was a gurgling , leaking , malfunctioning hunk of crap . Besides that , my coffee came out bitter and lukewarm .
 The product looks like a bargain , but it never arrived . I ordered it on June 6 -LRB- its now July 25 -RRB- for $ 7.48 -LRB- much cheaper than it 's current price -RRB- and was stoked . I hate giving bad reviews , but I think I 'm justifiably disappointed .
 Despite what the photos and descriptions show , this product has plastic bottles . Flimsy , thin plastic bottles . They fall out when you rotate the rack and do n't fit properly into it . The spices in the plastic bottles were aged and turning brown . I do not recommend this product at all . Buy something , anything else .
 First , the product description says the unit measures 11.8 X 7.5 Then further in the product review , it states the rack measures 101/2 by 53/4 . Well , the unit actually measures 11 '' high by 6 '' wide . Then , it states TWICE in the description that the rack comes with 16 GLASS containers filled with spices . The containers are a cheap PLASTIC.Based on the product review , I purchased 2 Racks to give as gifts , but after the mis-measurement and flimsy Plastic containers -LRB- that will eventually hold odors -RRB- , I promptly returned them . Amazon.com should really correct this innacurate & misleading product listing .
 The description said `` glass '' jars , these were plastic . Someone needs to update this item .
 I purchased 2 of these based on some of the reviews I read . I am SO disappointed . The plastic jars do not have enough weight to make them stay in the rack properly , and I could see right away that they would always be falling out and that would annoy me . Also one of the racks was not screwed onto the revolving part , so I had to find a screwdriver to put it together . After seeing how the bottles of spices would not stay in their places , I decided to send these back . I would NOT recommend this item to anybody . Sorry .
 I 've been trying for the past 2 months to get the `` free refills '' promised to be obtainable for 5 years after purchase of the rack . The site is having server problems which prevents the refill order from being placed and customer service will not respond to my requests to fix it . The free refill perk is the main reason I purchased their spice rack , since I do a lot of cooking .
 This spice rack does not compare to others I have purchased . The spice jars are poor quality plastic , rather than glass . The rack does not rotate smoothly , and the jars are not supported well while in the rack . In addition , my spice rack contained 2 jars containing the same spice . Do not purchase this item unless you expect to throw it out after the spices are used up .
 I like the design , it 's user friendly , space efficient , aesthetically pleasing , etc. . But it comes WITH spices that I would not have chosen , plus who knows how they were produced ? That part was n't clear to me . For people who buy their own spices , be aware that many will not fit in the spaces . Too bad , because I love the way this one looks ! If you are not attached to buying your own spices , and are happy to use the ones that come with the rack , then it 's an excellent deal so go ahead .
 I was excited when I got this `` spice rack '' but much to my dismay , it is n't a SPICE rack . . In fact , there are n't any spices whatsoever on this rack ; they are ALL seasonings . There is n't anything on there that was worth the $ 20 . The rack was poorly constructed as well and the plastic shaker bottles fell out very easily with just a simple turn . I hate to talk negatively about something , but this is n't worth your money . I returned it and got the Olde Thompson 16 piece rack and it is MUCH better and actually has spices ! Imagine that .
 The spices , needless to say , are n't top notch , or even mediocre notch . The construction of this four-sided spice rack is so tight and unsecured that the containers are just dying to spill out . If you spin it too fast be ready to play 16 spice pick up .
 We ordered this as gift for my daughter-in law . When we received it I noticed that one corner of the box was banged up a little , so I opened the box to see if it was damaged . Thank God I did , when I pulled it out of the box , it fell apart . There was nothing holding the thing together , the top came off and bottom fell of . There apparently was no glue on it at all . It would have been a total shame if we had given it to her and then this happened . It is going back .
 I absolutely loved this product until I started to unpack it today and found broken caps . We exchanged it for another one at another store , since it was closer to my husband 's job , thinking what was the likehood of it happening twice at two different stores . Sure enough , I open it and find more broken caps . I have n't even gotten to use it yet and it 's been nothing but a hassle .
 This is a big disappointment for a Kitchen Aid product . The first time I used it my hand got burned and I had a big mess to clean up . When the water in the reservoir heats up and begins to boil , the top of the reservoir pops open and water flies everywhere . It has to be weighted down before starting , and takes a very long time for a small pot to brew . I thought the quality of this product was very poor .
 I got this thing for work . It worked - that is , it did n't drip , overflow , or leak - for about a month . It did , however , make lots of noise and ` pshsssssshhh ' - type sounds for up to 90 minutes after it was done brewing . After about a month of use -LRB- about a pot every weekday -RRB- it started producing mysterious leaks . Somehow there was always a puddle under the machine , sometimes of coffee and sometimes of water . Eventually the steal-a-cup spring loaded thing quit , so unless I held the pot up against the filter basket during brewing it would overflow and make a righteous mess all over the place . I found that out the hard way , and in a fit of rage destroyed the durn thing with a scissors and a tape dispenser.I guess KitchenAid should have stuck to mixers . Next time I 'm going to buy a Krupps .
 I purchased two of these coffeemakers based on the advertisement . The coffee it produces is only `` okay . '' Far worse is the the decanter that drips and spills no matter how carefully you pour . Upon calling Kitchen Aid , they informed me that they had a new improved decanter that I could purchase ... Foolish me , I bought two of them , one for each coffee pot . They are worse than the original . I have packed up both coffee pots and sent them back to Kitchen Aid .
 My first review of this product was glowing , but that was only after one or two times of use . Now , after owning it for several weeks , I must say I regret the purchase . Even at the low price , the dribble problem of the carafe is a real headache!The quality of the coffee produced is excellent , so I have given two stars . The quality of the carafe however , is very shoddy . The carafe dribbles when it is used to fill the water tank , and it dribbles when pouring coffee . I have tried pouring slow , pouring fast , and it almost always DRIBBLES . I constantly find myself wiping up water or coffee off my countertop.I have yet to try another brand of 4-cup coffeemaker , but I may very well do so . I like the coffee savings with a smaller pot , but surely there is a maker that will produce a good cup o ' Joe without the mess.Avoid this one -- save your money and try another brand !
 Well , the coffee maker says `` Kitchen Aid '' and the box and the user manuals say `` Kitchen Aid '' , but this product CAN NOT be a Kitchen Aid product because `` Kitchen Aid '' is synonymous with quality and overall kitchen fabulousness . This coffee maker both dribbles and downpours when you pour and the so-called `` pause '' mechanism more abbreviates than pauses leaving you with a pool of coffee sizzling on the burner . It 's a good thing I 'm crazy about my other Kitchen Aid products , because if this coffee maker had been my first Kitchen Aid experience , I 'd wonder what all the hype was about . So I 'm convinced this product must be a doppelganger . It 's the only explanation .
 Other reviews commenting on the fact that the carafe dribbles whenever you pour coffee are correct . We constantly have coffee puddles now on our counter and floor . This is shame too , as I like the coffee from this maker better than that from my old Mr. Coffee machine .
 There are n't many options if you want a 4 cup coffee maker . This one matches my kitchen and looks really cool , so I went with it . I 've been using it for a little over 3 months . It does make good coffee and it 's easy to use . But , as an other reviwer mentioned , it frequently hisses and spits at random interval until it 's turned off . This does n't bother me too much -LRB- at least I 'm in no danger of forgetting to turn it off -RRB- . But do n't even think about pouring a cup before it 's done brewing ... or 5 minutes after . The basket keeps on pouring coffee onto the hotplate . Even after the 5 minutes , it still drips . It 's a mess ! Yeah it looks cool , but unless you NEED the great colors , you 'll get more for your money with another model .
 I honestly liked the blender a lot . I received it as a gift and it matched the rest of my kitchen 's KitchenAid appliances -- range , refrigerator , dishwasher , pretty much everything other than the toaster oven . At the time , there could be no better blender . It looked great . It promised professional performance . It had KitchenAid 's brand and durability behind it.I use my blender for making tomato sauce and the occasional fruit smoothie . There is some amount of ice crushing required , but that should n't be an issue . I certainly was not a weekly let alone a daily user . So , 3 years after I got the blender , I went to turn it on and it is completely dead -- no light on the on button . Changed outlets and still nothing . It 's done . What an incredible dissappointment.But , it seems to me that the KitchenAid brand has really taken an awful turn since it was acquired by Whirlpool -LRB- ? -RRB- . First , my dishwasher broke -LRB- 3 repair jobs -RRB- then my stand mixer 's seals are loose . I called customer service about trying to buy a replacement thermometer for my range and after endless re-routing , I got no where . The fridge has minor issues -LRB- loose rails , pieces not refitting -RRB- and is probably the best of the lot.I did some research . Apparently , KitchenAid is just licensing its name out on various products . So , realistically , there is no such thing as KitchenAid quality anymore since they do n't make much of anything . Everything is just a re-branded product . Whirlpool is going to milk the brand premium until its reputation catches up to it.From a once KitchenAid loyalist , avoid this product -- yes it 's beautiful but it 's not going to last . Avoid all KitchenAid products because they really are not what they once were .
 This blender was great until it broke . The blade no longer spins - the coupling on the bottom of the glass container broke free from the blade shaft . This is either poorly designed , or , the only rational explanation would be that engineers designed this as a sort of clutch that protects the motor from burning up if the blenders contents were too solid or thick.Unfortunately KitchenAid discontinued this model . The replacement blades from the new model do n't fit . And KitchenAid no longer offers replacement parts . We called their 1-800 number and they told us to buy a new blender and at what stores we could find KitchenAid blenders ! Gee thanks a lot ! This thing is hardly 10 years old and got used about twice a month . As one would expect from KitchenAid , the motor , the glass and the seals are all in great shape . But that 's pointless if the blade won 's spin and ca n't be replaced . I hate to throw it out - what a waste!I see no point in spending good money on KitchenAid appliances if we ca n't count on them to either build all components to last or to keep replacement parts on hand .
 Even if they say that they have it in stock - they will take 2 weeks to ship it . You can have Margaritas sometine this winter .
 I ordered these for cream servers at my coffee shop as I felt they were pretty indestructible . While the carafe itself is good , the lids are a nightmare . One broke within a short period of time and the remaining one is difficult to clean and put back together . Keeps the cream cold though !
 Well , the coffee maker says `` Kitchen Aid '' and the box and the user manuals say `` Kitchen Aid '' , but this product CAN NOT be a Kitchen Aid product because `` Kitchen Aid '' is synonymous with quality and overall kitchen fabulousness . This coffee maker both dribbles and downpours when you pour and the so-called `` pause '' mechanism more abbreviates than pauses leaving you with a pool of coffee sizzling on the burner . It 's a good thing I 'm crazy about my other Kitchen Aid products , because if this coffee maker had been my first Kitchen Aid experience , I 'd wonder what all the hype was about . So I 'm convinced this product must be a doppelganger . It 's the only explanation .
 Other reviews commenting on the fact that the carafe dribbles whenever you pour coffee are correct . We constantly have coffee puddles now on our counter and floor . This is shame too , as I like the coffee from this maker better than that from my old Mr. Coffee machine .
 There are n't many options if you want a 4 cup coffee maker . This one matches my kitchen and looks really cool , so I went with it . I 've been using it for a little over 3 months . It does make good coffee and it 's easy to use . But , as an other reviwer mentioned , it frequently hisses and spits at random interval until it 's turned off . This does n't bother me too much -LRB- at least I 'm in no danger of forgetting to turn it off -RRB- . But do n't even think about pouring a cup before it 's done brewing ... or 5 minutes after . The basket keeps on pouring coffee onto the hotplate . Even after the 5 minutes , it still drips . It 's a mess ! Yeah it looks cool , but unless you NEED the great colors , you 'll get more for your money with another model .
 This is a big disappointment for a Kitchen Aid product . The first time I used it my hand got burned and I had a big mess to clean up . When the water in the reservoir heats up and begins to boil , the top of the reservoir pops open and water flies everywhere . It has to be weighted down before starting , and takes a very long time for a small pot to brew . I thought the quality of this product was very poor .
 I got this thing for work . It worked - that is , it did n't drip , overflow , or leak - for about a month . It did , however , make lots of noise and ` pshsssssshhh ' - type sounds for up to 90 minutes after it was done brewing . After about a month of use -LRB- about a pot every weekday -RRB- it started producing mysterious leaks . Somehow there was always a puddle under the machine , sometimes of coffee and sometimes of water . Eventually the steal-a-cup spring loaded thing quit , so unless I held the pot up against the filter basket during brewing it would overflow and make a righteous mess all over the place . I found that out the hard way , and in a fit of rage destroyed the durn thing with a scissors and a tape dispenser.I guess KitchenAid should have stuck to mixers . Next time I 'm going to buy a Krupps .
 I purchased two of these coffeemakers based on the advertisement . The coffee it produces is only `` okay . '' Far worse is the the decanter that drips and spills no matter how carefully you pour . Upon calling Kitchen Aid , they informed me that they had a new improved decanter that I could purchase ... Foolish me , I bought two of them , one for each coffee pot . They are worse than the original . I have packed up both coffee pots and sent them back to Kitchen Aid .
 My first review of this product was glowing , but that was only after one or two times of use . Now , after owning it for several weeks , I must say I regret the purchase . Even at the low price , the dribble problem of the carafe is a real headache!The quality of the coffee produced is excellent , so I have given two stars . The quality of the carafe however , is very shoddy . The carafe dribbles when it is used to fill the water tank , and it dribbles when pouring coffee . I have tried pouring slow , pouring fast , and it almost always DRIBBLES . I constantly find myself wiping up water or coffee off my countertop.I have yet to try another brand of 4-cup coffeemaker , but I may very well do so . I like the coffee savings with a smaller pot , but surely there is a maker that will produce a good cup o ' Joe without the mess.Avoid this one -- save your money and try another brand !
 I just got the steamer today . Noticed poor construction of the layering inside the steamer . Would recommend Norpro brand than this . Will send it back .
 I have to return the item because the quality was not what I expected . The first and second tier of the steamer does n't even fit properly and one of the steamer 's bottom was loose . Thank goodness that amazon provides a postage free return . I think I 'll try to shop around for the steamer at a store instead .
 This product can be described in two words
 It does n't last long it totally falls apart and I will never ever buy this product again , never . I do not like it !!!
 I bought this item for my mom , so it would be easier for her to steam her food . When I opened the box to make sure all the pieces fit and were there I found some flaws . The major problem I have is inside the steamer where the food is placed . The slats are splintered and have large pieces of bamboo ready to fall off . This is not Amazon or the sellers fault because they can not open every box to check the craftsmanship . I would return this item for another but since the price is not too bad and I the fact probably get another the same way , I will try to fix it and buy another from a different manufacturer when it breaks .
 I bought this in June to replace a bamboo steamer I 'd had for over 10 years . I dropped one of the baskets onto a vinyl NOT tile floor and it shattered . I 'm very disappointed that it would break so easily . My old one was woven , not slats and held up for a very long time . It also does not fit together well at all .
 These turkey lacers are not being sent out as they are advertised . They say in their description , `` By the way , keep the lacers in their storage tube
 This blender was to replace a 25 or 30 year old Oster galaxy model - it was the best blender ever . Since I have owned a Kitchenaid mixer for about 18 years with no problems , I thought I 'd give this a whirl -LRB- pun intended -RRB- . It 's absolutely worthless , it wo n't even puree soup , let alone crush ice . Other reviewers have mentioned how the jar fits straight down on the base . I just was n't comfortable with that and thought it was only a matter of time before I absentmindedly attempted to unscrew it and caused a giant mess . It 's now sitting in my pantry awaiting a garage sale . I bought another Oster , the Professional series with the simple toggle on/off switch . While not totally amazing like the old one , it 's much , much better than this Kitchedaid . And less expensive , too .
 We received this blender as a wedding gift a number of years ago . Thankfully , we 've only used it occassionally for a smoothie or two . It works great , for about 2-3 minutes before it shuts itself off to prevent overheating . Once it 's started overheating , forget about getting anything productive out of it . It will only work in short spurts and not at full power . We 've realized this blender has seen it 's last day when I had issues blending vegetables for a salsa -LRB- roasted tomatillos challenging a blender ??? -RRB- . We 're off to get an Oyster or a Waring ... Sorry KA
 The rubbler coupler was worn-out and the blender does not work anymore . It was heavy , but ran quietly and powerfull . The blender was easy to clean , just wipe the base and disassemble the holder .
 I finally decided to take the plunge and get a new blender -- a really nice one , right ? I figured since my experience with my KitchenAid stand mixer has been nothing but outstanding , I could n't go wrong with their blender.Let me sum it up for you
 I could list all the things I did n't like about this blender , but I wo n't . You might wonder how anyone could screw up something as simple as a blender , and the only thing I can figure is that when they designed this one , they felt that they needed to do it in a way that differentiated it from other blenders that have been popular for a long time . The result is a confirmation of the wisdom in the old saying
 I bought this blender in 2001 , thinking `` Kitchenaid ca n't go wrong '' well I was wrong . We use this blender EVERY day , the motor is still fine , the top part is fine , but now the pamela - the part that actually drives the top blades to blend is SHOT . It is made of rubber , rubber on steel need I say more ? After contacting Kitchenaid direct , I have to pay $ 18 to have it shipped back to them , then they will let me know how much it is to fix it , then I have to pay shipping back to me . A one year warranty is fine , but rubber on steel ???? I was so disappointed , all of my counter top appliances are Kitchenaid & I love them but this is such a disappointing poor design that I will surely check out my future purchases more ! Sorry Amazon , I plan on buying future appliances like this offline .
 I do n't write many reviews , but I am compelled to tell you how disappointed I am in this appliance . While I have a KitchenAid mixer I love , and other KitchenAid items , I totally feel like I 've wasted our money getting this blender . I thought the brand name and `` professional '' quality with stainless steal container , and pricey price would mean something . . Our blender is not even a year old , it makes really weird noises -LRB- like the gears are slipping -RRB- , gets an electrical smell if you run it more than a minute , and worst of all ... it wo n't even puree the banana chunks in a fruit smoothie . I have even chopped the bananas -LRB- really ripe ones -RRB- into small 1/4 inch pieces and STILL end up with chunks in the bottom of the container -- no matter how many times we pulse it or how long we run it . We NEVER had such difficulty with our Oster -- it was just old and the glass jar got broken . I have just ordered a new Oster and am very disappointed that I could n't count on KitchenAid to make a quality blender . : - -LRB-
 This blender is the top rated blender yet it could not ever completely crush ice to make our daily smoothies . There were always big chunks . Also , the plastic spinner on the blade broke every 6 months for the past 4 years !! I kept buying new blade attachments ... dollars a pop and now I 'm done with it . I bought a waring bar blender instead .
 We love the Kitchenaid stand mixer , so we decided to try their blender . I use my blender to mix the liquid ingredients for baking or to blend small quantities of liquid and seasonings . The Kitchenaid blender can only blend larger quantities . The Step Start feature was supposed to start the blender at a slow speed and work up to the selected speed . I found that the blender started at a high speed from the start . Small quantities of 1 cup volume are thrown against the sides of the jar the moment you start the machine . You then need to scrape everything back down to the blade . I also found the it was impossible to remove the center of the lid to add additional ingredients without creating a mess in the kitchen . The jar and blade design ejected the contents upward and outward so that everything sprays all over the kitchen.Kitchenaid DOES provide excellent customer servie . I sent the first blender back and promptly received a replacement . Unfortunately the problems remained . The issues were related to a poor design , not a defective blender . I 'm still using the Oster blender I bought in 1976 . It 's tired , but it works . I 'll be replacing it with another Oster . -LRB- I have a Cuisinart DLC7 Super Pro food processor for larger quantities of drier foods or heavy duty chopping . This one 's been goind strong since 1988 . -RRB-
 How this blender got an editor 's choice award is beyond me . I have had this blender since I got married 7 years ago . It has never crushed ice completely . Does n't matter how much liquid you put in the container - it just does n't do the job . Always end up with chunks of ice . Takes an eternity to smoothly puree anything . The lid has a detachable foam piece which falls out when you clean it , and it gets discolored and unable to be fully cleaned . The motor seems pretty wimpy too . It 's ok for soups and other soft foods , but if you want something that crushes ice , this is not the one . Get an Osterizer . Same price , but way better motor , chopping blades , and construction . What used to take me 10 minutes now takes 10 seconds . No joke .
 I should have read the 10/6 review before I bought this on 10/9 . The only reason I am replacing my cheap osterizer and mini food process is because of the noise . My husband was complaining whenever I used either one of them . So I bought this KichenAid Blender and the little KitchAid Food chopper . Both of them are not performing as expected . I am returning both of them and digging out my cheap Osterizer and the mini Cuisinart . Noise or not I am sticking with the old ones .
 My wife bought one of these blenders because of the name and high fashion for the couter top . We used it on a fairly consistant basis for a couple of months and then moved and had it in storage for a couple of years -LRB- 2 years + or - a few days -RRB- . We were excited to once again bring it back out of its box and rev it up to make some drinks . After using it less then 10 times the blade froze up and I thought `` No big deal '' I 'll just order a replacement one right . I was told that they did n't make one nor did they have any that would fit . ... Save yourself the headache and stress !!! Go buy something your not going to cry over if it breaks . Your time and money are not worth thowing away on expensive cheaply made products .
 I 'm very disappointed with this KitchenAid blender . The gasket crumbled like a cookie . I used it to blend fruit so it has not been abused . I had have it for about 10 years , however . It actually never blended well . I always ended up with chunks of fruits . I just ordered the part I needed but I might just give it away to someone in need . I think I will get a Ninja or similar . The Ninja has pretty good reviews . I 'm pretty sure I will think twice before getting a KitchenAid item again .
 This is an overall nice blender , but the rotor is made of a low grade rubber and slowly disentgrates with each use until there are no teeth left to spin the blades . I called Kitchenaid about it and was given some nonesense about ` planned wearing ' to protect other components . In other words the failing rotor is a intended design aspect . I 've had it just over 2 years , and now to replace the rotor is a 25 dollar service charge .
 Gear crumbled during use of simple puree of soft blackberries and water . Horrible noise and mess . Barely used . What happened to quality appliances made out of quality materials for what used to be a good name brand ? Not a good way to maintain customer loyalty . Will have to go with another brand .
 The precise model this review is for is the Kitchenaid KSB565ER0 -LRB- The `` Artisan 5 speed '' -RRB- . It 's worked great , done everything I could ask from it , for 1 year and 5 months . Used no more than 2-3 times a week , so it 's not like it 's been heavily used . The ice-crusher feature has worked well for me.Until a couple of days ago . I was using the `` Crush Ice '' button , when all of a sudden I noticed the blades had stopped moving . Upon inspection , I found the true meaning of the coupler feature KitchenAid describes as `` steel-reinforced for added strength and durability '' . That translates into `` plastic/rubber coupler glued onto a steel shaft '' . The upper coupler half -LRB- the one in the collar , * not * the black one in the base -RRB- had been torqued completely free of the collar shaft and was spinning independently of the blade shaft -LRB- generating considerable heat , I might add -RRB- . The toothed coupler `` cap '' just falls off the collar shaft now . You can see where there are indentions in the shaft where presumably the glue would help hold it on.I contacted KitchenAid support , who were very polite and completely useless , and for $ 40 would diagnose the problem , since it was out of warranty -LRB- 12 months -RRB- . I kept trying to tell them I knew it was out of warranty , and I did n't want a diagnosis , I just wanted to buy the replacement part , but after a string of emails they finally got around to telling me they do n't sell just that part.What I ended up doing was ordering a new collar assembly from a place called marbeck.com , so I hope it lasts longer . My blender is red , and the only replacement collar assembly I could find was black , but oh well.Why a company would design a -LRB- otherwise nice -RRB- blender with non-metal coupler mechanism is beyond me . I can only think it 's planned obsolescence.So yes , it 's a great blender . Until it breaks .
 After having two ` made-in-China ' blenders self-destruct , I had higher hopes for this one . We make smoothies every morning for the kids -LRB- add bananas , add frozen strawberries , add milk , blend , then add a bit more milk to thin the drink or some berries to thicken the drink -RRB- . The good news is that it has n't self-destructed after three months and that it chops frozen strawberries with ease . The bad news is that the gasket at the bottom is n't very good . If the gasket is put in upside down -LRB- flat side up -RRB- , the milk drains out instantly and if the gasket is put in correctly -LRB- flat side down -RRB- , the unit only leaks a few teaspoons of milk . At the top , the small 2 ounce plug/measuring-cup is a good idea , but even when the plug appears to be in without noticeable gaps , the unit ` spits ' milk out the top . So I 've learned to cover the top with a paper towel to catch the ` top leaks ' and learned to wipe down the unit and the counter for the ` bottom leaks ' , but I will replace the unit in the near future.Update as of 14-February-2012The spindle for the blades is loose and probably the cause of the ` bottom leak . ' Presumably the ice chopping mode transmits enough shock that the nut loosens up and the spindle loosens leading to a leak . I can tighten it every few weeks , but my plan is to buy a replacement .
 This blender is well constructed , powerful , quiet , easy to clean , safe , and attractive . The wide opening at the bottom makes it easy to remove thicker foods.Unfortunately , I never use it . The shape of the food container is such that the food is not efficiently funneled towards the blades . The result is uneven blending , with food chunks of all sizes in the mix . The longer you blend , the smaller the variously-sized chunks get , but the results are never completely smooth and even.I get much better use from a battery-powered blender that I paid less than 20 bucks for . Its motor ca n't compare , and it 's a pain to use , but it produces consistently even blends .
 I too had a problem with the blades no longer working , I have gone through 2 sets of blades and KitchenAid said there are no replacement parts but offered to sell me a new machine ... I think I 'll pass . I went back to using my old Hamilton Beach bar mixer , it is great .
 Like many others the black star coupler broke a little over a year . It 's too bad that KitchenAid management allows a single part designed by a bonehead engineer to ruin what could be a great blender . With so many others having the same problem why ca n't KitchenAid managment just swallow their mistake and fix this post warranty for free ? Unfortunately this same story can be told on a KitchenAid high end toaster that broke after a year . I am going on 0 for 2 with KitchenAid . But never again . They have lost me as a customer for life as well as my children , and their children . Goodbye KitchenAid .
 This blender is a piece of CRAP . It started making a terrible grinding noise and smelled like it was burning every time I would blend something , after I had only used it once or twice . It was too late to return and now I 'm stuck with it .
 several years ago I bought My KitchenAid Blender , and thought Gee , what a great looking appliance . Well ... The speed options are GREAT ! It ends there.If you 're not careful you may find yourself spilling the contents by unscrewing the botton . -LRB- I did this with hot soup -RRB- Also , it leaks , top , bottom everywhere . -LRB- I 've owned and used a number of blenders in my 42 years of marriage , and I 've not found one as difficult as this . Sorry , I do wish I had some wonderful things to say about such a beautiful -LRB- in design -RRB- item .
 Hard as in nuts , cinnamon , frozen fruits and ice then I suppose it 's a blender to consider . The design of the coupler is weak , it seems to be a compromise for a blender that does n't lock while blending . The motor is great and a glass pitcher is always more desirable , and the blade is well designed and manufactured . However , I 'm not sure if these things will tip the scale against other makers .
 I wanted a blender that would be the last one I would ever have . I knew I wanted a stainless steel container and a powerful motor . The Kitchen Aid -LRB- MODEL KSB55SS0B3 -RRB- had all this . It worked perfectly , until the rubber COUPLER that was mentioned earlier got worn out . Now I find that Kitchen Aid has no replacement . It took two years to happen but eventually it has to happen . Bummer the stainless steel container , the blade and the motor have a long life expectancy , but ca n't get a replacement part to make it work ! If I was Kitchen Aid , and I knew about this flaw I would not continue to sell this to unknowing consumers . I saw a vita mix at a local home show the other day . It is guaranteed for 7 years and the coupler is not made of rubber.It is a very sturdy metal coupler . What does that tell you ? I will get a vita mix !
 If you are looking for a `` Bar Blender '' to make frozen drinks ; this is the one to buy ! However , if you are looking to puree fruits and vegetables look elsewhere . The blades are `` Blunt '' made to crush ice , look at the blades of other blenders and you will see the difference . The sharpened edge is likely to chip when crushing ice , but these blunt edged blades are not effective in cutting up , pureeing foods . My jar also leaked badly , but when this was brought to KitchenAid attention , they replaced the jar base . I asked about the pureeing , and was told to slightly freeze the fruit or vegetables , not always practicable .
 Sure it 's powerful and will crush ice but it does n't work well unless it 's full -LRB- not too full or ingredients will bllow violently out the top - yes it will blow the cover off -RRB- . Smaller quantities get splattered up on the sides and stay there . Blending - as in making a fruit milkshake - does n't result in a smooth drink . My previous blenders - with a more tapering base -LRB- and a lot cheaper , too -RRB- worked better .
 I have been using this blender for 6 months now , and I am not impressed with it . Power Shakes are my favorite , but this thing will not crush ice , frozen fruit , or even a banana without leaving chunks and lumps in my drink . I have had much better performance with a cheap blender .
 If you see this blender in a store , you 'll be impressed . It has a very powerful motor . It 's heavy -- solid steel , thick glass . Even the plastic top is rugged . It looks like it 'll last a lifetime.But depending on what you want it for , it may be a waste of money , because it is unsuitable for many common blending tasks . Like many other people have reported , I noticed that it left large chunks of food in the bottom , even after running a long time . I examined it closely and discovered the cause : The cutting blades are NOT sharp . In fact , they 're quite dull . There is no way you could cut yourself while cleaning this.This seems to be intentional . When I emailed customer service , I was told , `` Please note that the blade does not have sharp edging , as the blunt blades are designed to maximize superior ice crushing ability . '' They then went on to describe some ways that might minimize the problems this raises.It occurred to me that if they included , or even sold at extra cost , another , sharper blade , they would probably make everybody happy . So I asked if there was a sharper blade available as a option . `` Sorry '' . So , if you want an ice crusher , this is your baby . It probably makes great margaritas . But if you want a blender to , uh , `` blend '' fruits , vegetables , etc , you 'd better keep looking , since , amazingly , this model is not designed to do that.So back it went , and back I went to my $ 15.00 1974 flimsy el-cheapo plastic blender , with sharp blades , that still works like a charm .
 I bought this for my wife thinking it would be the last and best blender I would ever buy her , based on the brand , price and the solid feel.It 's been replaced twice because the rotor/teeth connection to the base of the jar has broken -LRB- just BARELY within the warranty period -RRB- . It literally stripped the threads and broke the bolt . Wow . Now it 's out of warranty , and broke off two teeth -LRB- not suprising , since they 're plastic -RRB- . Sadly , a large motor and a solid blade mean nothing if the the connection ca n't handle the power , and it ca n't , even with the step start function.So if you want a powerful , solid , great looking blender that MIGHT last you a year , this is the one for you . I personally will be replacing it with something else .
 I use a blender every morning to make a milkshake and after 5 years of using cheap ones which blew up every couple of years I decided to splash out and buy an expensive one . Mistake - this always leaves lumps of friut and ice at the bottom . I 've had it for 10 days and it is yet to make a ` good ' lumpless milkshake . I 'm returning it and would not recommend it if you are buying a blender for making milkshakes with ice/fruit -LRB- which does n't leave much ! -RRB-
 I got this blender 11/2 year ago . I do not like it . I need for it to make bean purees , banana shakes , and a lot of salsas . It does a horrible job doing that . I have had cheaper blenders than do a much better job . It does a good job crushing ice , but I seldom need to do that .
 A friend gave us one of these a few years ago . The blade assembly came loose from the drive gears the first time I made a frozen margarita . As noted in many other reviews here , Kitchen Aid does n't sell the replacement parts.Also , some friends have/had this blender . I used theirs several times , and noted that it does a HORRIBLE job making frozen margaritas . It will NEVER chop up all the ice . Leaves chunks of ice cubes in the drink . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I had purchased two of these.When the product worked , I never had a problem with a dislodging base -LRB- bonehead move -RRB- or it NOT blending fruit for smoothies . In fact , I put frozen fruit in my smoothies , ice , bananas , juice and it makes smoothies perfectly.The problem I had is with the motherboard . It has gone crazy again on me.The first blender I had for about 5 yrs , and abused it with daily smoothies , soups , etc. . So I figured I worked it to death.The second blender within a year had the EXACT SAME problem . Motherboard goes senile.The lights all start blinking and then you have to turn off the blender , turn it back on , it will only work for a few seconds , before the motor stops and all lights blink again.Fooled my twice , shame on me!I am now getting a simple blender without all the computer-type button teknology and will not be looking at a kitchenaid blender for a LONG LONG time . $ 20 would be too much for this future paperweight.I loath you , you piece of fancy garbage!I hope you drive Satan insane with your fickle operation !
 As others noted , this blender has a problem pureeing/liquifying , tending to leave large chunks in the blend , even if you let it run for a reallly long time . Especially daunting were frozen whole strawberries . No longer a problem , tho , because the plastic drive mechanism has lost several teeth and the machine can no longer be used . I have had to fall back on my mother = in = law 's cast-off Osterizer , circa 1970 . Hoping for something better from KitchenAid .
 Looks great , Heavy , powerful . I have all Kitchen aid products . They look great together.The problem is with making smoothies . Frozen fruit is apparently hard to push around . It catches on the sides and jambs the blade.The blade is spun by this small black toothed gear attached to the top of the motor . It 's made of a rubberized plastic type material which is molded over a metal piece . That connection will break as experienced by other users.I 'll assume that that type of mixing may have not been anticipated by the engineers . All other tyes of general blending may not tax that connection as hard as frozen fruit.Therefore if you blend frozen fruit get a different mixer.I got a Waring Pro uses the same designed coupler but is replaceable for $ 5 .
 I 'm sorry to see other people are experiencing the same blade assembly problem with their blenders . When the blender was operational , I loved using it . But , in 5 years of infrequent use , I have replaced my blade assembly twice . It broke again a few weeks ago , and now KitchenAid says they do n't sell the part anymore ! They want to sell me a whole new blender !
 I love Kitchen Aid 's mixers , but was completely disappointed with the blender . The rubber gasket for the lid kept falling off , and I never was able to get a good seal . Every time I used the blender I 'd end up with stuff all over the counter . And careful when you remove the blender from the base -- I made the mistake of torquing the handle a bit and ended up removing the bottom plastic portion that holds the blades in place and seals the bottom . Result
 I bought this blender because I love the KitchenAid standmixer . It 's powerful , but that 's about it . When the caraffe is on the blender , if you turn it a bit instead of lifting , the bottom comes off , and the contents of your blender can spill everywhere . KitchenAid definitely needs to fix this major flaw . I threw mine in the garbage after a few disasters .
 I received my blender as a gift but did n't use it much the first 2 or 3 years -- maybe about 15 times . However , on about the 16th time , the blade assembly broke and the blade would n't spin . When I called KitchenAid , they sold me another one for $ 20 plus s & h. Then , I started using it more , mainly to puree soup and make fruit smoothies . Both came out okay , but often a little lumpy , plus the lid always leaked if it was half full or more . Within two years , the same thing happened to the blade ! When I called KitchenAid again , they offered to sell me a reconditioned one for $ 30 -- as if I would give them anymore money for shoddy products ! I 'm doing more research to buy a new one -- not a KitchenAid this time !
 This blender is just ok for the money.I gave it one star because there is a serious problem with the blade assembly . After light use for about 6months , I have found that liquid leaks out the blade shaft underneath . This is evident as a build-up of a thin ring of mould on the casing around the shaft , as liquid is thrown off the spinning shaft -LRB- I did n't think one needed to scrub out the underneath - its supposed to be water-tight ! -RRB- . It now runs roughly , in contrast to the smooth operation when I first purchased it.I am not sure whether others have noted this problem . Perhaps it is a quality control issue and I had the misfortune to get a dud.I do not recommend this blender . Overall , I wish I had saved my money for something better .
 I got this as a christmas present so I felt bad selling it , but I had to . It seemed like such a bummer that such a well constructed and powerful blender ca n't liquify anything -LRB- even though it 's got a button for that -RRB- . The blender has a deliberately DULL blade and I could never can a reasonably smooth puree . There 's a lot of nice things to say about this blender and it 's very easy to take apart and clean . Which is why I was hoping KitchenAid would have a SHARP replacement blade somehow available -LRB- think of their mixers and how much attachment stuff they make for that -RRB- . That would make all the difference in the world to just swap a sharp blade in for soups , and putting the dull one back in for crushing ice or whatever . As far as I know , they do n't make a sharp blade for this . Too bad .
 do n't waste your money on this blender . I have had it a couple of years and it broke two times . First the blade broke . Kitchenaid no longer made the blade so we had to spend $ 35.00 on a whole new jar assembly . Than about a year later the black coupler with the 6 little teeth that spin the blades began to break off until they were all completely gone . now we are left with a bottom unit that works but can not spin the blades and a new jar assembly that we wasted money on . . Ok so we call Kitchenaid again and they do not make this part either !! Also we were told you need to buy a special tool to fix the blender and what do you know ? they do n't sell that either !!!! I think this blender has some serious design flaws and would strongly advise people to think hard before you waste any money on this blender !! We will be buying a new Wering blender !!!
 The black coupler will break and you 'll need to get that part replaced . It 's easy to replace , but you have to find the part . I suggest buying a few of these parts if you already have this blender . If you are thinking about purchasing this blender , do n't . It 's not that powerful , parts are expensive , things tend to break easily ...
 Several reviewers suggested that the blender can be used to crush ice . Do n't do it ! My primary use for blenders is making fruit juice slushies . Unfortunately , an ice cube wedged between the blade and the bottom of the jar and the plastic rotor -- not sure what you call it , but the piece that couples the base to the blender blade -- ended up in little pieces . I suspect getting the blender repaired would n't be worth the time and cost , so the blender will be going into the trash .
 There is a flaw in the design of the blade . Our KitchenAid blender is now toast because the blade assembly became un-soldered so the spinning of the motor does not spin the blade . Several reviews here mention problems with the blade so I beleve this is NOT a fluke and you should take this issue seriously . Also 5 speeds is completely unnecessary . Get a Waring 2-speed , its what the pros use . We have one now and its great .
 As mentioned in other posts this blender leaves a lot of chunks in the bottom . I use mine every morning for protein shakes and I always have banana chunks left over at the bottom . The design of the plastic base that is attached to the glass is also poor . If you leave the unit assembled while in the dishwasher you get about two cups of water after it runs through the cycle . I think I can fix this by drilling some holes in it but I may get too much noise . Other than that it is quiet however I will search for a different brand next time .
 My wife and I received this blender as a gift and were excited about it 's sleek and durable appearance . Unfortunately , the blender had many problems and ended up broken after a year ! The gasket under the lid never fit properly and leaked all the time , and the bearing for the blades broke just after the warenty expired . Like some of the other reviewers , we found that the spare parts needed to fix it were unavialable so now I can strongly recommend against this product .
 I just returned my second Kitchen Aid blender . The motor on the first unit caught fire and the keypad on my second unit went dead . Great American quality here . Now I have a well built German Braun blender and I am very happy . Good luck .
 I had an oster blender for 30 years with never a problem.Wanted to update the color , and changed brands -LRB- Kitchen Aid -RRB- The blender never worked good blade assembly broke after using only a couple of times . When mentioning this to our friends , they said they had the same problem with kitchen aid products and after only a couple of years Kitchen aid knew the problems and discontined the model . Who wants to replace their blenders every couple of years . Try another company , not another model from this companyTPSMITH
 Started smoking after 3 or 4 light uses over a 2-year period . Since it was a lot more expensive than the other brands , I expected it to last at least 10 years . Very disappointed . Considering my parents ' expensively-repaired-and-still-not-working Kitchenaid dishwasher and my in-laws ' defective Kitchenaid ovens , I 'll probably never buy this brand again .
 Mine broke and started SMOKING while I was making hummus -LRB- not even something tougher like ice -RRB- . Kitchenaid wo n't fix it . There are many MUCH cheaper but nicer ones on the market .
 tea & toast plate , tea pot , why is it you think we have nothing better to do than just look at what you wish you had , twice i have opened a page of yours to find you do n't have it in stock . were do i go to find what you do have in stock ? for sale ?
 This blender is frustrating . It offers good points , but in the end , the flaws outweigh the benefits . First the good : The heavy glass base is stable and easy to clean . The powerful motor hacks through most foods with ease . When the blender is started , the motor begins at a low speed for a second or two before turning on fully.The problems I found led me to toss the blender . If you plan on making blended soups , beware of the explosive force with which this beast turns on . Without a heavy hand on the lid , both the lid and your soup will hit the ceiling . Moderately thick , viscous liquids -LRB- a lemon cream was the latest such one I experienced -RRB- tend to get caught in the scalloped swoops in the jar . This leads to only the center portion of the liquid being actively blended , while the outer edges stagnate and remain clumpy . Deft work with a spatula is required to coax everything into the blending area.The above problems were annoying , caused occasional swearing , but were tolerable . What finally got me shopping for a replacement was worse . After several years of moderate use , the KitchenAid stopped working . The blades and motor are connected via a set of rubber teeth . These reduce operating noise , but over time , weaken . The problem first arose when making smoothies with chunky frozen fruit such as strawberries . A burning rubber smell came from the blender coupled with a strange noise and no action in the container . The rubber drive teeth slipped , and friction quickly heated them up . The result was hot , floppy rubber teeth that bent flat instead of turning the blades . When this happens , it takes 20 minutes or more before the teeth are capable of another round of use . Before long the blender could not even swirl water for more than a few seconds before the teeth slipped .
 Who ever heard of a tea pot that in the instructions -LRB- who needs instructions for a tea pot ? -RRB- it tells you right out never to use it on the stove when the flame in on high . Also , it states it will rust if you leave water in it . Well , after less than a year the paint is flaking off in large chips and is absolutley useless . I can not find the receipt -LRB- It 's a tea kettle , what could go wrong ? -RRB- If I could I would demand my money back . DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM !!!
 Within the first few uses I found that the paint from the lid was chipping off and ending up inside the kettle . Then after a few more uses the handle was melting , and the bottom paint was chipping off . I was so sad because it 's such a cute kettle , but I 'm leery to use it now because of all the defaults and also I 'm not a fan of eating paint chips .
 So on day one , my fianc&eacute;e dropped the tea kettle on the floor . And since day one it has had a chip :-LRB- . It is really irritating to take the lid on and off . I also wish I had gotten a whistling tea pot instead . It is a pretty yellow though .
 If the handle is turned down toward the base of the kettle , the paint or plastic coating or whatever melts . It now looks like a Dali painting now . All parts of a tea kettle should be resistant to heat . The design is fundamentally flawed . I would n't buy this again and I do n't recommend it . Spend the extra $ 5 and get one that will last longer than 2 months .
 Carefully never using more than a medium setting on the stove , I find the coating in the bottom of the kettle already flaking off.I was a bit dismayed to read the directions and find that only a medium setting could be used in the first place . Took about 10 minutes for water to come to a boil .
 Very disappointed when I took this well-packaged tea kettle out of its box to find a mark on it and more importantly a hole in the enamel where the spout meets up with the kettle . Contacted Amazon 's great customer service and returned it immediately .
 I was getting a bit tired of boiling water in a pot , so I decided to buy this kettle . The price was right , it looked cute , and the ratings were good overall . Perhaps I got a dud , but the very moment I took it out of the box , a large chunk of the enamel fell off from the handle . And smaller chunks fell off as I tried to inspect the rest of it . Needless to say , I 'm sending it back .
 I bought the tea kettle because I thought it was cute and was the right color . A few weeks later , and I 'm noticing rust already . On top of that , the stove actually caught on fire the last time I tried to use the tea kettle . I obviously ca n't say for sure that the tea kettle caused the fire , but given that my 2 kids were asleep upstairs , I 'm really glad I did n't wander off while my water was boiling for hot tea , and the stove has caused no problems since then . Apparently , this is decorative only .
 Ugh -- I 've had the cute little tea kettle for two weeks and there 's already a HUGE chip on the lid . Really ?! Do n't do it , guys . Cheap .
 I ordered this around 6 months ago . It looks great on my cooktop !! That 's were the raves end , though . It is not dishwasher safe , they say it will rust if water is left in it , etc.My bad , but , I left it on the stove one time and forgot to turn the burner off . It was only about 15 minutes , but , it melted the bottom off on my glass stovetop !! I freaked ! I was able to get the mess off of my stove after it cooled with cleaner & a single edged razor blade , but , there now is a spot that I can almost see through on the pot !!! ONE MORE time , if I forget to take off the burner , it will melt all the way through !! VERY DISAPPOINTED !! I had a CorningWear tea kettle that lasted for 25 years !! They still make them , but , the patterns are soooo dated ! If anyone has any suggestions , please let me know . I do n't like the stainless steel/aluminum ones because they leave a heavy residue if it is a few hours before you make your tea !! Thanks , Debi
 I have owned this kettle for 2 years now but it has only been used on a daily basis for the last 6 months or so . It is a cheap kettle so keeping that in mind I gave it 2 stars and not one.PROS : * It 's small and cute * It boils water without taste or smell * Comes in many colorsCONS : * The lid has to be inserted a special way -LRB- at a tilt with the bump in the back -RRB- or it will fall off when pouring and burn your hand -LRB- my poor wife -RRB- . A very bad design as there is no indication of this so I had to figure that out via trial and error . * The handle is plastic so it will melt if it is touching the metal pot when boiling * It rusted a little on the inside but not much -LRB- I keep small amount of water in it even though it said not to -RRB- * You are not supposed to keep water in it -LRB- Really ?? it 's a kettle ! -RRB- * The enamel is starting to crack and break off the bottom edge where it sits on the burnerOverall I have gotten my $ 's worth out of this kettle but I will not buy it again and would not recommend it .
 The orange tea kettle I ordered was supposed to be a nice pleasant orange . The orange tea kettle I received today is NOT the same orange . It 's the most obnoxious red orange I 've ever seen . I 'm sending it back .
 So without the whistle , as many have noted , this product can be a bit dangerous , however what i did not expect was the handle melting after being against the side of the kettle for less than ten minutes !! UGLY smelly -LRB- like burnt plastic -RRB- results.It goes on top of the stove , the handle should be more heat proof .
 About a year ago I bought your orange tea pot . Yesterday I was making a pot of tea and went to use the restroom . When I came back to the kitchen , my tea pot was on fire . After I put out the flames , i opened the tea pot to see that it still was full of water . The paint itself had set on fire . The tea pot was cheap and I guess you get what you pay for . I was lucky my kitchen did n't set on fire . Thankfully nothing was harmed but the tea pot . Selling these items is both dangerous and irresponsible . Feel free to contact me .
 This tea kettle was highly disappointing , and , for me , unusable . Granted it 's `` cute '' . But , besides not being dish-washer safe , it contains the warning not to leave water resting in it , or it may rust . For the purpose of anyone who wants to have warm water immediately available for boiling , this is unacceptable . Also , the spout had exposed steel , and seemed extremely liable to rusting .
 I bought this kettle after reading all the great reviews . I was making some tea for me and a friend and had the handle down . I went to pour the water and a quarter of the handle had melted and all the orange enamel was everywhere .
 I ca n't believe this product is still on the market . As others have mentioned , the handle gets hot and has to be handled with a pot holder . That was the first annoyance.But , that was minor in the scheme of things , because - ironically - I found out within a week that it 's not heat-resistant . We put water on to boil , and left the handle too close to the ` down ' position , and the handle MELTED . Thank goodness we heard a weird noise in the kitchen and discovered it before it started an actual fire.Don ' t buy this product . It 's that simple .
 This is not a good teakettle if you need one to use every morning . The inside of the lid on mine started rusting within two days . The lid is also very difficult to put in , causing the paint to chip off into the water , and then causing more rusting . Unless you want to use it for decoration , do not get this one .
 Why on earth does Amazon have a blackened , scorched & melted image of this teakettle under their product ? Not much of a selling point.Looks to be a fairly dangerous product and I decided against it for a birthday gift for my niece !
 Idea is perfect , enamel is one of the healthiest materials for cooking dishes but ... lock of whistle is STUPID ... also black enamel is STUPID !!!! dirt should be made easy to see not the hardest to see -- DO YOU THINK THAT THOSE IDIOTS WHO MADE THIS ONE ARE IN THE WRIGHT BUSINESS ??? hell no !!!! VM
 I bought this teapot in yellow and it looks great in the kitchen . The problem is that the first time I heated water in it the paint started to chip off -LRB- yes , there was water in it -RRB- and since then I constantly find more flakes of paint on my stove top even though I am not even using it . Looks great but not durable at all .
 While I was shopping online , there were several colors to chose from in a much lower price . I chose PINK bec it was my fave color , and the price was a bit higher . When it arrived & opened the box , I was n't satisfied bec there was kinda `` chip '' at the handle . If I would have known , I would have chosen the other colors . It 's not worth the price .
 we love it as a set but the orange started pilling off now i ca n't find even a phone number to exchange it . this is why its better to buy at the store.Reston Lloyd 2-Quart Enamel-on-Steel Teakettle , Orange
 I bought this despite the bad reviews because it was cute and cheap and matched my kitchen decor exactly . Unfortunately , it is truly poorly made . Every time we heat water in it the kitchen is filled with a melting plastic smell -LRB- we only use medium heat -RRB- . The plastic handle becomes hot , even when in the upright position , and the color of the handle does n't match the painted body of the kettle . Though a cute design , this kettle does not seem to be a safe way to heat water .
 This is a very good looking blender , but the rubber teeth that couple with the container and make the unit spin disintegrated on my blender . After checking out repair possibilities , I found that there is no way to replace this small part without taking the unit to a dealer or sending the unit back -LRB- a $ 20 fee -RRB- . Once the unit is packaged and returned , you are told how much the repair will cost . It seems my best bet is to purchase another blender . This one was not terrific at making smoothies anyway .
 As another reviewer said , our coupling broke after 2 years as well . I called KitchenAid and they would n't do ANYTHING b/c it was over a year . She gave me some phone number in Michigan to see if they could service it somehow.If KitchenAid was a better company , they would stand behind their products , especially when the coupling problem seems to be a known issue . I would expect a blender at this price to last at least 5 years . Needless to say , I will not be buying from them again .
 This blender does n't work as well as my old $ 25 blender for milkshakes . It leaves chunks of ice and frozen fruit that it does n't chop up . The features are nice and it looks great but it does n't work very well .
 This blender has a powerful motor that keeps the machine going , but the thick blunt blades are n't adequate for jobs such as pureeing vegetables , fruits etc. . It will reduce almost anything to a coarse puree and grinds ice very well . But , the blender leaves more chunks of uncut material than should be the case for one of this price . Running the blender for a longer time does n't seem to solve this issue.I recently downgraded my review from 3 to 2 stars because after just a couple years of only moderate use the blade coupling broke so the blade wo n't turn ; and KA does n't sell a replacement . So I 'm now in the market for a new blender . It wo n't be a KitchenAid.Other KA appliances I own -LRB- mixer , wall oven , dishwasher -RRB- work wonderfully well ; this one is a surprising disappointment .
 We purchased this blender this past summer . It seems to be well made , the motor is powerful , and the controls work well.However , it is NOT the product for the hard use required to make smoothies daily ! It does not mix fruit -LRB- especially frozen fruit -RRB- and liquids well ; lumps are always present.The unit is more powerful and better made than comparable Osters or Warings , but the basic container design is flawed . Material does not mix properly always leaving lumpy solids in the bottom , even when the ` chop ' button is used for 3 or 4 minutes preceding high speed blending.My second complaint is that the black hard rubber impeller on the base that engages the metal ring attached to the blades seems to be disintegrating leaving increasing amounts of black rubber residue on the bottom of the blender . Overall , this product is a great disappointment
 The drive teeth on the base are made of poor quality material . They snap off when making frozen drinks . I have had three break in exactly the same fashion . Luckily , I still have my trusty Sunbeam blender that cost one quater as much !
 Blending seedless canned plums - what could be easier - food sticks under bladeand has to be tediously scraped out over and over . After about thirty seconds itstarts smoking and stinking . Finally it just gave up and started flashing all it 's lights at me.I knew KitchenAid was loosing its quality edge and living on reputation only , but did n't realize it had gone this far down the tubes .
 i bought this blender because it seemed well built and had a motor rated almost 500 watts . Nevertheless , the third time i used the blender to mix pumpkin pie ingredients on `` stir '' the motor started smoking and the unit became very hot . This unit is not very reliable . If you buy it , be sure to fill out your warranty card .
 Overall this is a good blender , but for the price the connection between the base and the jar is worthless . I have had to replace the connector 3 times and this time just threw it away . I have bought a lot of KitchenAid in the past , I will reconsider in the future . I bought a $ 24 dollar Osler blender and it works just as well . I can replace it 5 times for the cost of the KitchenAid one .
 I registered for this blender when we were getting married . So although its 5 years later , we 've maybe used the blender 20 times . I was never really overly impressed with the quality of blending . Just seemed that for the price and house , it would be an awesome blender . At about use number 13 , I noticed that the coupler seemed to have started breaking apart . -LRB- I considered that perhaps my mother in law had overworked or done something screwy with the blender -RRB- . It was able to continue `` working '' but the coupler finally disintegrated this weekend . It melted into the base of the blade . I ended up having to pull out our old as dirt , Hamilton Beach plastic jar blender . Sometimes less is more !
 I have owned this blender for about 6 or 7 years now , I purchased it because of KitchenAid 's reputation for making quality products . About a year ago two of the rubber teeth that couple the motor to the mixing blades , broke off . A couple weeks ago two more teeth broke off leaving only two remaining . I 'm sorry but a blender that costs $ 100 or little more should n't have such a lousy drive system that does n't hold up over time . Another poor design IMO is the jar 's handle , it is attached with spot welds . I was expecting the handle to break off by now but oddly enough its fine but I still think KitchenAid should use rivets and replace the rubber drive system with something sturdier that will last for many years.Oh the positive side , the blender has a really nice heavy duty motor that crushes ice with ease even at the lowest speed . The stainless steel mixing jar is great for making smoothies . This could be an awesome blender that would last a lifetime if KitchenAid would address the issues I have mentioned .
 I just returned one of these blenders because I found that while it was built like a tank , it did n't blend very well . When I made smoothies the KA left chunks of fruit and ice under the blades , even when I tried pulsing , all speeds , prayer ... the problem seems to be that the blades sit up higher than the bottom of the glass jar , and are made of thick metal , the better to pulverize ice , but my sister-in-law 's cheapie blender made a silkier puree ...
 I bought this item because it was a `` Mesh '' basket . What shipped to my home was a large `` Wire '' basket that did not match the picture or description for this item at all . Not cool .
 I am a huge fan of the Fasttrack system and the mesh baskets shown in th picture , and ordered 3 more of these baskets for an new project . They instead shipped this
 Amazon is not shipping the product shown in the picture . I received the new version of the 24 '' Basket which is not mesh but wire with large openings . I had two of the Baskets shown in the picture and specifically passed up buying the new Basket at Lowe 's because it was not the same . The new version does not hang the same as well and sits much lower on the wall which was not what I wanted . Getting ready to return the two I ordered but wanted to give prospective purchasers a heads up .
 I purchased this to have a basket to keep my small yard items in . It arrived and was a little bent from the journey and by the bad packaging by amazon warehouse . I put it up and found the basket sits at a steep angle different from any of my other rubbermaid hooks . This forces all of your items to slide to the front and puts extra weight on the fast track . This thing is junk and needs to be discontinued .
 As others have said , this item is misrepresented . It is a wire basket , not a mesh basket . What you get is not what you see in the picture.Otherwise the basket was in good shape , so I give it a 2 stars for sending me a good product I did n't ask for .
 This is one time that Amazons price is greater than Home Depot , EVEN WITH FREE SHIPPING ! There model 5E08FTSNCKL is $ 19.97 and $ 7 shipping .
 I was not impressed with this purchase . Although it does everything it says it does , cut french fries , it is limited by the space in the feed tube . If you 've already got the knife out to par down the potato to fit the tube , you might as well just slice your fries yourself . You will get a longer french fry and no wasted clean up . I prefer a fry that is longer than 3 inches which may even be stretching it for the final resulting fry size that you get out of this blade . As with most Kitchenaid products it is sturdy and will last , which is why I gave this blade a rating of 2 . I have used my blade once and do not forsee it ever seeing the light of day again in my house .
 I bought the processor and this holder came with the machine ... It 's nice for what it holds , but there is NO room for anything else ... and of course if you -LSB- have -RSB- a FP you are gon na buy more blades . I bought the 5 pack of blades and now have nowhere to put them . ... -LSB- with -RSB- this holder , I 'd actually have to buy THREE more , to accomodate 5 blades , as only 2 blades fit per holder . Kitchenaid needs to design a holder to fit nothing but blades , and I do n't mean that `` tree '' looking thing ... I want my blades put away , not hanging where they can be a danger -LRB- for them being damaged or me ! -RRB- Guess I 'll have my husband build me something to accomodate and protect my blades .
 I have the 9 cup kitchen aide food processor and the round cutting blades did not fit in the case ! It must be for the 7 cup model only . Had to return it and pay for the additional shipping charges . Very dissapointed .
 It is difficult to get the blades in the back out of this case , but it does keep everything organized and dust free .
 The non-stick coating worked really well in the first 3 month but it started to peel and became very sticky . Not for serious chinese stir fry , very disappointed .
 We received this toaster as a gift just a little over a year ago . Just like one of the other reviewers , the mechanism that holds the toast down quit working . It 's out of warranty now so Kitchen-Aid wo n't do anything . Kitchen-Aid must have a massive issue with this mechanisim but they apparently are hoping nobody makes a big deal about a ... toaster . Well it is a big deal and I urge everyone who has this problem to call Kitchen-Aid at their service number . How about a recall Kitchen-Aid , not for a safety issue but to take care of your customers ?
 Kitchen Aid replaced the first one I bought , because it toasted so unevenly and poorly . The second one was even worse , and even at the highest setting , had to be pushed down a second time to get real toast ! They then offered me a `` buy-back '' , but I did n't get the paperwork for that . I 'm stuck with an expensive toaster that does n't work . Do n't buy this one .
 I tried this ` toaster ' out right away . It 's mechanism for lowering and raising the toast was defective - it lowered but would n't release , so I could n't RAISE the toast out of the toaster . So I called Kitchenaid as instructed in the literature that arrived with the toaster . They said they would send a replacement right away , plus a shipping lable to return the defective one . They sent another toaster , but NO shipping label . Then I tried out the replacement , which was apparently reconditioned rather than new . Guess what ? The same mechanism was faulty , but now the toast would n't stay DOWN in the toaster , therefore no toast . Called Kitchenaid again . Received NO apology for the fact that I now have TWO defective toasters , and NO return shipping labels . They offered to send a THRID toaster , which I declined . They promised to send me two shipping labels , and a refund when they get the toasters , but so far the labels have not arrived . They probably do n't want these toasters back . Beware , they could be foisted off on you next!Bottom line , I do n't care how fancy the electronics are , the basic mechanical functions on this toaster are fatally flawed . It 's a real piece of junk , no wonder it 's on clearance .
 We received this toaster as a gift just a little over a year ago . Just like one of the other reviewers , the mechanism that holds the toast down quit working . It 's out of warranty now so Kitchen-Aid wo n't do anything . Kitchen-Aid must have a massive issue with this mechanisim but they apparently are hoping nobody makes a big deal about a ... toaster . Well it is a big deal and I urge everyone who has this problem to call Kitchen-Aid at their service number ... . How about a recall Kitchen-Aid , not for a safety issue but to take care of your customers ?
 The KTT261 Kitchen Aid toaster makes great toast . The features are rich cpmpared to my old Krups toaster . However , the fit & finish above the `` Kitch Aid '' band was poor . It was cut crudely , had dimples and bowed out . This toaster works very well and would be a piece of art if not for the fit & finish of the plastic housing .
 Mine worked for 2 or 3 years before the hold-down latch gave up . Still makes toast
 While the frozen feature is nice , I think I could have gotten VERY unevenly toasted toast from a much less expensive unit . It has made me rethink acquiring more products from this company for my kitchen .
 The item for sale here includes :1 . The juicer2 . A small reamerThe KPF670 -LRB- the most expensive and powerful of the 11-cup processors -RRB- includes :1 . The juicer2 . A small reamer3 . A large reamer4 . The citrus press -LRB- the critical component if you do not wish to juice your fingers -RRB- I was able to purchase the complete juicer/press set from Kitchenaid directly . They said it 's not normally sold as a separate item , but after I expressed my concern about putting my fingers so close to the spinning parts , they were able to locate one for me . They did suggest that it may be sold as the complete juicer/press in the future . I suggest that anyone thinking of buying this item should contact Kitchenaid as well.I gave this item as it is sold here one star because it is dangerous and messy . The full juicer as I purchased it from Kitchenaid , including the press and large reamer , is excellent and I would give it 4 or 5 stars .
 I bought a lot of the attachments for the 11 cup processor . I like the discs , I love the juice extractor -LRB- non citrus -RRB- , but I hate this citrus juicer attachments!You have to attach it to the top , turn it on and then with your hand press the fruit over the extremely fast spinning reamer . The peel off my lemon was shred apart before half of the juice was extracted . And yes , I did hurt my hand!Please go ahead and buy all the other wonderful attachments this company makes , but wait with this one until they have gone back to the drawing board .
 This attachment is designed to turn your powerful KitchenAid food processor into a citrus juicer . The word powerful defines the most important problem and safety issue with this product
 I bought this attachment based on customer reviews which described a lid on the unit which holds the citrus in place . Well , KitchenAid must have `` improved '' it , because the unit came without any such lid . Consequently , you hold down the citrus with your fingers and can suffer pain and injury because of the speed of the processor spinning the reamer . Definitely not recommended .
 We received this toaster as a gift just a little over a year ago . Just like one of the other reviewers , the mechanism that holds the toast down quit working . It 's out of warranty now so Kitchen-Aid wo n't do anything . Kitchen-Aid must have a massive issue with this mechanisim but they apparently are hoping nobody makes a big deal about a ... toaster . Well it is a big deal and I urge everyone who has this problem to call Kitchen-Aid at their service number . How about a recall Kitchen-Aid , not for a safety issue but to take care of your customers ?
 Kitchen Aid replaced the first one I bought , because it toasted so unevenly and poorly . The second one was even worse , and even at the highest setting , had to be pushed down a second time to get real toast ! They then offered me a `` buy-back '' , but I did n't get the paperwork for that . I 'm stuck with an expensive toaster that does n't work . Do n't buy this one .
 I tried this ` toaster ' out right away . It 's mechanism for lowering and raising the toast was defective - it lowered but would n't release , so I could n't RAISE the toast out of the toaster . So I called Kitchenaid as instructed in the literature that arrived with the toaster . They said they would send a replacement right away , plus a shipping lable to return the defective one . They sent another toaster , but NO shipping label . Then I tried out the replacement , which was apparently reconditioned rather than new . Guess what ? The same mechanism was faulty , but now the toast would n't stay DOWN in the toaster , therefore no toast . Called Kitchenaid again . Received NO apology for the fact that I now have TWO defective toasters , and NO return shipping labels . They offered to send a THRID toaster , which I declined . They promised to send me two shipping labels , and a refund when they get the toasters , but so far the labels have not arrived . They probably do n't want these toasters back . Beware , they could be foisted off on you next!Bottom line , I do n't care how fancy the electronics are , the basic mechanical functions on this toaster are fatally flawed . It 's a real piece of junk , no wonder it 's on clearance .
 We received this toaster as a gift just a little over a year ago . Just like one of the other reviewers , the mechanism that holds the toast down quit working . It 's out of warranty now so Kitchen-Aid wo n't do anything . Kitchen-Aid must have a massive issue with this mechanisim but they apparently are hoping nobody makes a big deal about a ... toaster . Well it is a big deal and I urge everyone who has this problem to call Kitchen-Aid at their service number ... . How about a recall Kitchen-Aid , not for a safety issue but to take care of your customers ?
 The KTT261 Kitchen Aid toaster makes great toast . The features are rich cpmpared to my old Krups toaster . However , the fit & finish above the `` Kitch Aid '' band was poor . It was cut crudely , had dimples and bowed out . This toaster works very well and would be a piece of art if not for the fit & finish of the plastic housing .
 Mine worked for 2 or 3 years before the hold-down latch gave up . Still makes toast
 While the frozen feature is nice , I think I could have gotten VERY unevenly toasted toast from a much less expensive unit . It has made me rethink acquiring more products from this company for my kitchen .
 Whatever you do , do not buy this food processor . This was a - really nice - food processor . I enjoyed using it very much since the day my wife bought it for me . It had a strong motor , was easy to clean up , and had lots of useful accessories.Within the last 6 mos. , the work bowl broke . They are no longer made or supported by Kitchenaid and I have waited 2 mos . for 1800parts . com to find the replacement part . All to no avail.Despite how wonderfully made this product was , it will be useless to you if you are unable to replace basic parts which make it function . My advice to you
 This is not so much of a review as a correction
 The bowl lid on my 11 cup KitchenAid unit broke and I am unable to find this accessory for purchase . Everything else about this unit works fine but the machine can not be used because there is no source for replacing the lid . In fact , according to KitchenAid there are NO accessories of any kind for this unit available . I am truly disappointed in KitchenAid because they have not made provision for this eventuallity ; therefore , I WILL NOT purchase KitchenAid products again . Bottom line , this means It will be necessary for me to purchase a new food processor because the lid of the bowl broke and KitchenAid has none in stock and I was told everything about the 11 cup processor has been discontinued . Very disappointing to say the least .
 I purchased this coffee maker to coordinate with the other Empire Green KitchenAid appliances that I have , and was really pleased with the way everything coordinated . Sadly , that 's the best thing about this coffee maker . It does an adequate job of brewing hot coffee quickly , and the 4 cup size is very handy if you 're not a full pot of coffee drinker . However , this coffeemaker dribbles more than any other maker I 've ever used . With every cup of coffee poured , at least an ounce of coffee would splash all over the counter , and stain the counter top . I became very adept at pouring over the sink , just to avoid the drips . Eventually , the drips ended up ruining the coffeemaker . I would pour a cup , the coffee would dribble down the sides , and when I put the carafe back onto the hot plate , the residual coffee on the bottom would burn and create a bit of sticky seal between the carafe and the hot plate , and the next time I lifted out the carafe , the non-stick coating on the hotpot would peel off . It eventually pulled off most of the coating on the hot plate.So , after 4 months of using this coffee maker , I got fed up , and replaced it with a free coffee maker from a mail order coffee service . What can I say - the coffee 's not the best , but at least I have a green coffee pot that does n't dribble all over my kitchen . I would have sent the pot back to KitchenAid , but I do n't want a replacement ; I want a redesign .
 Terrible Machine to deal with in the morning . Carafe is larger than the reservoir , so the reservoir overflows . Barely makes 12 cups . Auto-stop does not work , so coffee spills all over the counter when attempting to get a cup . Pour spout is distorted on the carafe , spilling when a single cup is poured quickly . Makes instant coffee sound good ...
 I ordered this toaster because of the slim size and low profile . It worked well for a week , but then shortly thereafter it began to brown only on one side . This toaster did not work well for long at all , and was a real disappointment .
 This is the one Kitchen Aid product that could plummet them into bankruptcy . The plastic light-dark control knob broke-off after only 2 uses . The so-called defrost feature is a joke and could n't pre-thaw a slice of rye bread let alone toast it . Bagels wo n't fit into the wire holder contraption thingie . The bagel button must control the garage door because it certainly has no visible effect on anything that 's inside the toaster -LRB- if that 's what they 're calling it these days -RRB- . It has 4 red pilot lights that I 'd just assume have given up for a third helping of toast -LRB- which I 'll never see -RRB- . I would n't recommend this sleek and attractive overpriced paperweight to anyone . Stick with the mixers .
 The `` light/dark '' knob fell off soon after we started using it and we never could get it fixed right.We used it for years on a single setting , since we could n't replace the knob . We do n't toast stuff much so it took us a long time to get fed up with this piece of junk , but when we did we bought a toaster oven and threw this thing out .
 This toaster can not do English muffins properly .
 I have the yellow version which goes perfectly in my new beach house kitchen . However , I will have to return the toaster again -- this will be my second time for the same reason . The reset button gets stuck and flashes like a VCR . Once the reset gets stuck -LRB- which is every other time -RRB- , the only way I can get the toast to come up is to unplug the toaster . When it does work , it toasts perfectly , but I do n't think I can accept such defects in such an expensive two-slice toaster .
 I purchased one that did n't work , got a replacement and that did n't work either ! Both timers would get down to zero and just not ring ! Unbelievable - purchase something else .
 There is no doubt that the design of this Pedrini kitchen timer is eye-catching . But when it gets right down to it , this snazzy-looking little number may or may not suit your personal needs.Pluses
 Great sleek design ; chrome and black are classics . The very ergonomic twistable handle makes picking up and setting this timer a pleasure . However , the fatal drawback to this timer is that the dial face rests flat on your kitchen counter and even curves downward . Once you start using it , you quickly realize that probably every other timer you 've owned had a flat , vertical face which was viewable from distance . With this timer , when you 've set it on the counter so that ' 0 ' is viewable , you ca n't see the pointer to the number of minutes remaining because it may be on the other side . Or if you set the timer down with the pointer on the number of minutes you 've just set viewable , then as the pointer rotates around out of sight down toward zero , you ca n't tell how much time is left . So while this timer is beautiful and ergonomic , it 's not practical . Do n't buy it unless you really love the design and can think of a way to mount it on a wall .
 I have owned my aarondale comforter for a little over a year . I have to say that it is so soft and a perfect weight , and obviously a beautiful pattern ... HOWEVER , I do not recommend washing and drying the comforter . There is not enough quilting throughout the comforter to keep the batting in place . After 6-8 washings , the batting is ruined , bunched up in places and nonexistent in other places . Also , having a difficult time with Nautica trying to replace it . I would recommend having it cleaned !
 Bought these frames for our house and was very disappointed . Items were well packaged but the first one I opened was chipped and scratched right out of the box . They are also very cheap quality . I can get much better quality for about the same price with coupons/sales at Michael 's . Fortunately Amazon has a wonderful return policy so they are all going back !!
 Came chipped and cheap , looks like crap-ola . I am not sure why it has smudges or looks like it went through a war , but it is not usable .
 As of 1 NOV 2012 , the primary picture of this product on Amazon is not the picture of this product . It has a frame border than looks to be at least an inch around the picture . The extra pictures below that appear to be the actual product which has only a 1/2 inch frame around it and thus has a much thinner look to it . It 's only 7 bucks so it 's not worth the hassle of returning it but buyer beware .
 much thinner and more plastic looking than the photo . pay a little more to get a little more . i would not buy this again , i 'm going to throw it away .
 I bought a large Kitchenaid food processor some years ago and was so excited that I immediately bought this set of discs , unfortunately the use of the device did not match my excitement and these sat for a year before I got around to using them . My mistake , these are not for the 11 cup processor I have , they are for another model . The confusion comes in that they were listed as an accessory for my model on the page , bad show Amazon . This happens quite often , the lids listed as an accessory for the KitchenaAid Artisan is not the correct model . Now I ca n't use them , I ca n't return them , and ca n't find anyone locally to buy them , my only hope is trying to sell them through the marketplace or ebay . So the moral of the story is , alway unpack your orders and test them immediately . Now I ca n't use them
 I recently bought a new fp from Amazon as well as this disc set . Upon arrival I found that this set will not fit the new 9 cup fp . I called the vendor and was told that I was wrong and was disconnected . I called kitchenaid and my findings were confirmed . The set only fits an older 9 cup fp . I ordered the set from KitchenAid . The reason I gave the set only one star was for the following reasons . First the set does not fit . Secondly , the vender -LRB- Ace Hardware -RRB- was very rude by hanging up .
 I bought this attachment to use with my 11 cup Kitchenaid food processor . It shook so violently the pusher went flying out across my kitchen and i had to use both hands to keep my food processor from falling off the counter . I called Kitchenaid for help and they claimed they do n't make the product . Awful attachment .
 I 've twice called Kitchenaid for help on this product , but they can not get it to work . It simply does n't juice . period .
 The juice extractor does FIT the 9 cup fp , as Kitchenaid says , however , it does n't actually WORK with it . The attachment sits in the bowl just as it should , it spins around , but the food pusher does not reach down far enough to actually make juice out of your veggies . Whatever you drop in will simply go straight through without scraping the bottom , as Kitchenaid says it should , and then spin around like mad without making juice . I spoke with Kitchenaid a couple of times and I am sending it back . I even tried putting in larger chunks but it just wo n't hold them in place because the pusher and tube extender are not long enough . I also tried a wooden spoon for a pusher but it did n't help due to the shortness of the tube . Bottom line , no matter how bad you want this extractor , like I did , do n't get it for a 9 cup processor .
 This attachment vibrates so badly that it about bounces the food processor right off the counter . I love the food processor but I regret having bought the juice extractor .
 I have ordered these before . These came in and they were smaller and not the same as the previous ones . Also , there were only three . Apparently the fourth `` free '' was not shipped ? Would like to have the ones that I have ordered before .
 These dishes are fine for cooking snails in the shell ; but wells are far too shallow for cooking them without shells .
 I agree with `` A Kitchen & Housewares enthusiast '' review on Dec 2 . Why are all the 5 star reviews `` identical stylistically and free of grammatical errors '' . Beware , my guess is that Kitchen Aid marketers are writing thier own reviews . It should be taken with a grain of salt !
 How can it be that so many of the reviews for this product are identical stylistically and free of grammatical errors ? They seem to have been written by an advertising agency , which makes me very suspicious . I was going to buy this product , but now I 'm wondering what 's going on .
 I have had this item for 3 years and the plastic on plastic design of the work bowl and lid deteriorated and cracked . When I ordered a new lid , it became stuck on the work bowl and would not budge . Customer service told me I `` put it on wrong '' and to try to get them apart and `` hope I only broke the lid '' When I emailed their customer service , I was given instructions on how to put the lid on -LRB- As if I had n't been using it for 3 years ! -RRB- Now I will have to order not only a new lid plus a new work bowl to the tune of another $ 50 to be able to use it ! Other than that , I am satisfied : -LRB-
 I purchased this unit a year or two ago . Right after the warrantee ended a small piece of plastic on the cover broke rendering the unit useless . I called for a new cover and it is on back order -- at least 3 months . No good . The customer service staff insist it is n't a design flaw , however , with a back order of this magnitude I challenge this comment . The unit worked okay before this occured , however , the lid is very difficult to clean after use with most items . I have several KitchnAid products and love them , but I would strongly recommend another brand when it comes to food processors .
 For those floundering between purchasing a Cuisinart or KitchenAid Food processor ... Go for the Cuisinart every time.If you are a former Cuisinart Processor user , you will be very dissappointed in the KitchenAid Professional Ultra Power ! I have an old Cuisinart with all available discs . Got a new KitchenAid for Christmas -LRB- early -RRB- with the 5 disc set of extra blades . I used it twice tonight for the first time . First to shred medium hard cheddar cheese ... variable motor sounds , bogs slightly , moves around on counter and design of bowl lid is difficult to clean -LRB- no rinse and go as with my Cuisinart . Decided to make the soft dough for Pecan tartlets containing two sticks butter , 1 8 oz cream cheese and only 2 cups of flour . This was too much for this machine ! It nearly stopped completely several times ! I could n't believe it . It wavered back and forth , not maintaining the speed , even on pulse . Just imaging if I was trying to make bread dough !! I was looking forward so to getting this new KitchenAid Processor -LRB- made in France -RRB- . I had read many rave reviews about the Ultra Power . Guess those cooks never had a Cuisinart !!! I figured theysince bPacking it up tonight and sending it back ! Going to keep my old Cuisinart and buy new bowls .
 This product did NOT work for us . We put it on the back of one of our kitchen cabinet doors . Whenever we closed the cabinet door some of the disks were jarred out into the cabinet . If we opened the door too quickly it slung the disks out as the door opened . This unit will only work on a fixed solid surface . We did n't have any fixed solid surface to hang it . It ended up on a shelf out in our garage . Anyone want to make us an offer on it ?
 I really am not happy with this purchase . It is not comfortable under my neck . It does not give enough support . Also the shipping charge was excessive .
 Working for an obnoxious boss for many years has helped to beget a chronic crick in the cape . In other words , my neck hurts a lot . I have long enjoyed the winsome comfort that can be experienced as one reclines upon a pure down pillow injected with a foam and fabric neck roll . If you have trouble walking the straight and narrow during the day , at least you can be straight at night ; for this really does keep the neck and spine properly alligned . Mine wore out after years of enjoyment , so I ordered this one . Do n't get this brand . It is from China , meaning that it is the cheapest product imaginable to mankind . I just ordered a different , much more high quality neck roll . Worth the extra $ . Get the small size and start enjoying the straight life .
 I bought this to replace a Mckenzie Neck Roll , as this one was much cheaper at the time . I had the Mckenzie neck roll for a few years and it was getting flat so thought I would try this one . My experience has been that this neck roll is cheaply made and doesnt hold its shape well at all . Within one night of sleeping with this neck pillow it was already pretty flat and wasnt gaining its shape back . For a few extra dollars I 'd go with the Mckenzie , much better quality product .
 Updated Review
 The smallest roll is still too big to go under my husband 's neck at night . The times he tried it , he ended up with back aches even worse than before . Bummer .
 The Picture implies you get 3 pillows but I only got 1 . I ordered it twice and both times got only one -LRB- smallest -RRB- pillow .
 This pillow flattened within two weeks . The one given me by a physical therapist lasted nearly a year . I 'll follow other suggestions and get a higher quality pillow to replace this one .
 The description was vague . I thought the product was a firm foam roll to put under my back and roll up and down on . The product is merely a soft blue pillow , not really any help to the back
 I purchased this item because I can not sleep on a conventional pillow since my neck was fused . I need only neck support and I found this pillow foam did n't have good memory . After only about a week the pillow foam collasped and would not return to it original form . I needed to purchase a different pillow after only a few months.I would not recommend this foam pillow if you need to use it everyday .
 It gets squished pretty fast . Also , it is thinner than it looks in the image -LRB- at least so it seems to me -RRB- .
 Bought this for my daughter for Christmas and it broke the 1st time she tried to use it . Now she is dealing with Kictchenaid to get it replaced . What a hassle for a supposedly new item .
 the pasta roller set is a nice tool for making homemade pasta but its a hassle to form sheets thru one roller , wait a few minutes for the machine to cool down , then roll it thru the other to cut it . the biggest drawback is the cleaning instructions for the roller . it is not supposed to be washed with water ! just leeting it dry and then cleaning it with a dry cloth doesnt really help . i had to return the whole thing !
 Hello , I have been purchasing from Amazon for years and this is the first time I have written a review . I purchased this unit and made pasta with it about 5 times . The rollers no longer roll out pasta evenly . It seems to be bent somehow . I am shocked as this was around $ 150 dollars and had good reviews -LRB- one can buy a lot of pasta for this price -RRB- . I contacted Kitchen Aid and they stated without a receipt they would not return it under warranty . I am shocked considering I have always held this US company in such high regards . I now have a papaer weight for my desk .
 I purchased this product throught Simply Beautiful via Amazon in May as a gift for my girlfriend , since she had really wanted the three piece set to go with her Kitchen Aid . We made the mistake of not using it until August . At which time we found out that one of the three rollers -LRB- pasta sheet roller -RRB- did not work . So I inform the company Simple Beautiful , via amazon , to see if we could get that roller replaced . Unfortunately , the 90 return period had ended.While I fault myself for not ensuring brand new equipment works right out of the box `` immediately '' , I am dissappointed that this company would not replace the pasta roller . It 's not like we did n't want to keep the set , we do . It 's just that I now have to spend $ 70 to get a new individual pasta roller . Well two lessons for me 1 -RRB- always open gifts for other peole to see if they work `` immediately and 2 -RRB- never allow an Amazon purchase where Simply Beautiful is the supplier .
 I 'm a pasta neophyte . Making my own bread has convinced me there 's as much art as science in a good dough but I 've tried these attachments with 3 different recipes with disappointing results each time . Fettuccine performance was so-so , making hand-separable noodles but the linguine cutter is really lousy . It just makes a corrugated ribbon .
 I purchased my KA mixer a few weeks ago and I just got now this attachment . I was really looking forward to get it , I 'm Italian , living outside my Country , and I always made home made pasta by hand . Well , the mixer worked fine , the flat pasta came out allright after trying a few times , byt spaghetti and fettuccine were a total mess . The spaces are too close and the spaghetti will come out attached one to each other . They are drying right now , but they look more like lasagna than spaghetti ... . And I tried to use more and more flour , let it dry first ... nothing worked . A real waste of money , I 'll take out my old manual machine , way better.Don ' t waste any money on this !
 We bought this unit for Christmas , and used it for the first time today , On the first use , the plastic gears crumbled.Very dissapointed . We have n't had it long enough to have a positive experience . Hopefully the manufacturer will honor their warranty . I expect they will , as Kitchen Aid has a good reputation ; we will see .
 Sadly , what the other negative reviews have written is most definitely true . While the frame and rollers are constructed very well out of heavy metal , the inside axle and gears are plastic and can * very * easily snap rendering your roller useless , as KitchenAid does n't sell replacement parts for them .
 When I used this pasta roller , there was grease on the inside of the roller and it kept getting on the pasta , with no way to clean the inside of it . It was very diffiult to feed the pasta into the roller and the pasta recipe included was too dry . I returned this to Filenes and with the same money , I bought the Ron Popeil pasta maker , which is very easy to uses and requires almost no work on your part . Do n't buy this , buy the other Ron pasta maker . With Ron Popeil , you can just through in the ingredients and pasta comes out .
 I bought this as a replacement for my $ 30.00 Atlas pasta roller , thinking that it would make pasta making that much more fun . Huge mistake.First off , there were quality problems . After exactly one year of use , mine broke due to low-quality steel used in one of the attachments . So I 'm out $ 100 , and I 'll get over it.The bigger problem is that you have to continually change out the attachments to make pasta . First , you attach the roller , and get the dough down to the proper thickness . Then you must remove the attachment , and replace it with a cutter or crimper to form the dough into its final form . Attaching , then detaching , gets very old , very fast . I felt a certain glee when I threw these pieces of junk into the dumpster . I 'll look forward to my old Atlas next time I feel the need to roll pasta dough.Worst thing Kitchenaid has ever made !
 The pasta roller stopped working only after a couple of uses . When opened it , I was extremely surprised to find out that it is using a plastic part to carry over the torque generated from the mixer . How ca n't you use a plastic part for do such a crucial job ?!! It is a design problem from the beginning . It is NOT a random quality problem !! If I am lawyer or are familar with law , I would definitely sue this company . This crappy design is all by intention .
 I just received this product to give as a Christmas gift . So , I am really rating the packaging and not the product . Equipment this heavy can not be put in a cardboard box of the same size as the KitchenAid box . Something punctured a hole in the outer box , interior box and dented one of the rollers . The KA box should have been protected with a couple of layers of bubble wrap . Instead of a convenience of ordering online , this is a big aggravation now with a trip to the UPS Store .
 I ordered the product from the amazon web pages which states that it USUALLY ships in 24 hrs . I learned the next day that it would not ship for 2-3 WEEKS from WHOLESALERSCLUB . I had a gift card from AMAZON so OK FINE I 'll wait . I decided to check the amazon site again expecting the change in shipping times . What do I see , it is still posted as a 24 hr ship time !!!
 This vendor shipped me defective merchandise which wasted both my time and their money . I have n't yet heard whether they will allow a full refund . I am very disappointed !
 We purchased this pasta roller over a year ago . We 've used the roller and spaghetti cutter suceessfully many times , but only got around to trying the fettuccine cutter a few days ago . We were a bit surprised to find out that every other blade in this cutter simply does not cut all the way through . I can clearly see that every other blade is not positioned appropriately to cut through the pasta . The result is pasta with double the width of fettuccine , with a line in the middle.I called customer service to explain the situation . The lady I talked to said that I would have to purchase another set because I did not report the issue within a year -LRB- KitchenAid has a one-year warranty -RRB- . This is clearly a manufactoring defect that was not caused by repeated use of the device , and I hoped that customer service would recognize that . I tried to find creative compromises such as asking for them to sell me just the fettuccine cutter , but the lady was unwilling to try to find compromises . She simply repeated that it was my fault for not having used it earlier and suggested I would buy another set.I expected KitchenAid to stand behind the quality of its products and to assure customer satisfaction . I am very disappointed . -LRB- If KitchenAid contacts me to resolve the situation - exchange the set , fix the cutter I have , sell me just the fettuccine cutter - I 'd love to turn my negative review into a positive one . -RRB-
 I attended a cooking demonstration featuring the KitchenAid Pasta Roller attachment . It looked fun and really easy so I bought it . Unfortunately , my delight in this product was thwarted by the `` dirt '' that seamed to be leaching from the rollers . I tried cleaning the rollers with the supplied brush and then I ran a clean dry cloth along -LRB- not through ! -RRB- the rollers and found that the `` dirt '' was actually metal ! I removed the roller from the mixer and found that a copper piece attached to the underside of the roller which scrapes the roller and keeps the dough from entering the housing of the unit was flaking off in little slivers . I do n't know if this problem would have corrected itself , but for the amount of `` dough '' this thing cost , I was n't going to wait and find out.As for the operation of the roller attachment . It was fun !
 I am a big kitchenaid fan . I have had this pasta maker for approx . 2 years and it is great . However , today the metal shaft that turns the rollers sheared , making the item useless . If the item was cheap -LRB- it is not -RRB- or make of plastic , I might not be so upset . But the shaft is solid metal and should not have sheared . It is my belief , that making pasta should not cause a solid metal shaft to shear . Mfg said item is out of warranty so they will not replace . Now I must decide to buy new one -LRB- $ 89 + -RRB- or roll pasta by hand .
 I 've had my set of rollers for about two years , used them less than a dozen times , was always very careful with them , and followed the manual 's usage instructions perfectly . Today , as I was rolling dough through the roller on the highest setting , I heard something snap . The mixer was still going but the rollers had stopped . I disassembled it to find that the internal axel was made of plastic and had broken cleanly into two parts . This is the piece that is in between the square head that goes into the mixer and the rollers . Without it , the entire set is useless . I am never buying another KitchenAid product again . My 41/2 quart 325 Watt KitchenAid mixer got more use but in the end , it broke too and I gave up on it after sending it out for repair once .
 Rolls out beautiful lasagna dough if you follow the receipt.The instruction manual is wrong when it says you can cut pasta dough at the # 4 or # 5 thicknesses.The fettuccine and spaghetti strands stick together as it comes out of the cutter . I called KitchenAid and the customer service person said you had to roll Spaghetti to # 5 or # 6 and Fettuccine to # 7 or # 8 . These settings are too thin for my taste . KitchenAid offered to sell me a new one at a discount . I declined .
 We received this product as a wedding gift and used it 3 times . When we tried to use it the 4th time , the rollers would not turn . I called customer service and was told that I would have to pay full price for a replacement since it had been 2 years . Kind of sleezy if you ask me ! Obviously they know there is a problem with their product if they are not willing to do anything about manufacturer defects and are hiding behind their 1-year replacement warranty . This is certainly not what I expected from a company like Kitchen Aid . I guess I will use the old fashioned hand roller that only costs $ 30 .
 I loved using the pasta roller and the cutters , but slightly over a year later I noticed that the linguine cutter had slipped a spring on the bottom , which allowed the scraping plate to come loose . I contacted KitchenAid and was told basically , `` Sorry , nothing we can do '' . They said the cutters are not repairable , and are not sold individually . Their only suggestion was to purchase a new complete set of cutters from them ! At the price they charge , I highly doubt that I will be doing that!Buy the set if you want to , but be aware that KitchenAid wo n't help you if they are out of warrantee and something breaks !
 We have had this unit for over a year , and it is still shedding metal particles into our pasta . We keep hoping that they will go away soon , if we keep using it . No luck yet . Continue to cut out big metal shavings from our finished noodles . If we did n't have this issue , it would be a 5-star unit . Otherwise sturdy and mechanically sound .
 I bought this set of three , but I only used the smooth pasta roller . Unfortunately , dough would get caught and was hard to clean out . Then , it stopped working . It was like the motor would go , but the roller would n't turn . I was thankful for Amazon 's return policy . I know others who love theirs and it works wonderfully , this just was n't my experience with it .
 The pasta roller works fine for a while but ours stopped rollingwith a `` snap '' . I took it apart and found that a crummy piece ofplastic connects the impressive big metal drive shaft to the pasta rollers.That piece of plastic sheared off and the part is not replaceable.Back to the hand-crank Atlas Pasta Queen while I decide whether tospend another $ 100 on the poorly designed kitchen-aid roller .
 I was very disappointed with the Pasta Roller . The plastic on the bottom of the rollers interferred with the pasta rolling process . It started out good , and not too far into the process the dough starting getting caught in the one end of the plastic and would not go through the other side and we had to use the manual pasta machine instead . I had to return the item . I do not understand why the plastic is on the bottom of the rollers , you do not see this on the manual machine , and the plastic is not on the other pasta rollers in the set .
 The original box it came in was ripped and damaged and the interior packaging was not there -LRB- plastic wrapping -RRB- - Obvious the item was returned by someone else and then repackaged and sent to me . Terrible Quality Control .
 I bought these attachments back in 2005 or so and except for a few cleanings they 've never left the shelf or have been used . Today I discovered the white plastic scrappers on the roller one is cracked at about a dozen places and I assume if I run it they 'll crumble . This product either does n't age well or needs periodic lube job .
 When I bought this , I had experience using the manual pasta machines for more than 20 years . I took pride in making my own pasta in 20 minutes and I saw the attachment as an upgrade . I decided that i deserved a little luxury . Well , after using the attachment for a few times only a piece of broken plastic dropped out of it . After this incidence , the attachment still seemed to work so at first I did not care but slowly I began to realize that the attachment lost it 's grip or power . It started slipping when the pasta was a little too thick . It became virtually impossible to fold the pasta and pass it through the rollers again . The situation got worse over time and I realized I am battling with the machine way too much . Few weeks ago I went to a friend 's house to teach him how to make pasta . They had bought one of the manual machines and I was amazed to realize how beautiful my old manual machine was . Today , I ordered a new manual pasta machine . I can not wait to get rid of my kitchenaid attachment . I am sorry to say this but kitcheaid does not measure up with the manual machines in quality and durability .
 I was very disappointed in these attachments . As noted elsewhere , I had metal in my initial batches of pasta . The pasta did not roll properly and I ended up with mush . Finally , there is no way ro really clean it , as you ca n't use water . I gave up on this and purchased a stand-alone pasta maker , which works much better and is easier to clean . These attachments were a complete waste of money .
 I am a big KitchenAid fan , I almost own all their standard mixer attachments . I had a manual pasta roller , but it 's so hard to use , so I bought this set last year . They worked very well until one day , the roller just did not roll any more , I opened it and could not figure out how the roller was designed since the metal roll inside became 2 pieces . It 's still in warranty so Kitchen Aid sent me a new one , just 2 months later , today the roller did not work again . When I opened it , I found a plastic `` ring '' was broken into 2 pieces , the `` ring '' seemed actually a part of another plastic to hold the metal roll , means the plastic part was broken twice . This is different from the first one I had , at least I did not see the plastic part in that one . I was shocked that this big name company can use plastic parts to make this attachment . This is the second broken one within one year . I will call the company on Monday , I want to ask them how they make their products ? I do n't know whether they will send me another one , but even they can , I probably do n't want any of this junk any more.I see a lot of good reviews here , I want to know how long yours lasted . I think they changed the design several times , maybe I am the one who got the bad plastic ? I wish more customers who have the same defective products call them , so they will stop using plastic parts .
 I bought the attachments for my KitchenAid mixer and for some reason when I tried the pasta roller , my mixer quit working . It apparently ruined the motor . The mixer is being repaired and I 'm waiting for a refund from the seller .
 I got very frustrated with the noodle cutter . First batch was good . Noodles tasted so good . The second time I used it with the same setting and everything . The noodle cutter started clogging with the thickest roll of dough . Rolled again with number 2 thickness . It went alright . The third time , It would clog with the number 2 thickness ... Did n't try the 3rd time . Returning it.Do not buy this attachment since I do n't think it worth even 20 bucks .
 I have been using the pasta making attachment for several months now and am completely disappointed . The roller works great and I use it for making ravioli and lasagna noodles . But the fettucini and spaghetti rollers/cutter are horrible . They score the pasta NOT cut it into individual pieces !!!! So that after it goes through the machine I have to separate each strand by hand which is insane . I just made enough dough for 11 people who are coming for a dinner party tonight . I have given up on the separation of EACH STRAND of spaghetti -LRB- which stretches the strand and makes for inconsistent sizes -RRB- and am going to the supermarket to get some dried pasta . I am not a happy girl , what a waste of time . I am going to try and return it .
 This product initially is great but after several uses the problem starts to present itself . It can not be cleaned . It can not be submerged in water and after medium to heavy use large amounts of dough accumulated inside and turn into the consistancy of concrete.I contacted Kitchenaid about this problem and their response was a brush that would be better used to put eyelashes on that to clean something.I finally had to resort to completely dissasembling this thing everytime that I use it an I am afraid that eventually I am going to wear parts out taking it apart and putting it together and then what do I do?The part that amazes me with all the concerns about food saftey and bacteria that this unit can not be cleaned by the average person.Luckily I have the skill , shop and tools where I can dissasemble it and get back together.I sanitize it with alcohol . The last time I took it apart there was a form of green mold growing in the gears and has happened more than once since then . We are talking about a short time after usage . . I can not believe that someone has not gotten ill from this as excess food can not be seen inside even though it appears clean from the outside.I ca n't believe that someone has not gotten sick from this . The gears are showing signs of corrosion , the shaft with the cam on it is also disscolored , all 4 long connecting screw tips and nuts are rusted . -LRB- What no stainless ????? -RRB- The connecting screw spacers are disscolored at the ends and the sheet metal screws that hold the cam adjusters and drive shaft ends are also showing sign of corrosion . Someone really cheaped out on the R&D ; for this unit . For almost $ 200 MSRP ca n't you get this made in the USA or at least designed so that it can be sanitized ? I also asked that they put a dissclaimer on the package about not being able to clean the machine and not being water proof and as expected none of those comments were addressed . I wonder if Amazon would be held liable if any was to get seriously ill ? I sent pictures of the mold and corrosion and no response.In my opinion this product should be taken off the market untill defects are resolved , some one is going to get sick.The response from Kitchenaide lackadazacle at best . All they said were sorry that you were dissapointed
 I bought this mixer thinking -LRB- like many others -RRB- that the higher price tag -LRB- vs. my old $ 20 hand mixer -RRB- would mean more power , less time cooking , etc. . I seriously could train a hamster to stir faster than this overpriced piece of junk . The highest speed is laughable . . you could probably stick your hand in the bowl in the middle of mixing and * maybe * get pinched . If you even think about using the bread hook you 'll blow the motor ... it ca n't handle it.Like another review said , it goes to show that a higher price tag does not mean higher quality . Save yourself the money and either get the $ 20 Sunbeam or go big and get a stand mixer -LRB- which is what I 'm going to do -RRB- .
 We registered for this mixer on our wedding registry . I was excited to be getting a mixer that cost more than $ 12 . I was SO disappointed by it , that I used it twice and then gave it to my mom . That thing was so slow , and had no power . I was thinking that maybe we just got a bad one , but after reading some of these other reviews , I think it 's just the way this mixer is . Anyway , I replaced this Kitchenaid Mixer with a $ 19 Sunbeam from Target , and LOVE that one ! Lesson learned
 This hand mixer did not even have enough power at the highest speed to mix cake batter in a reasonable time . When I was using it a friend was over and was even shocked that it had no power . I would have expected more from a KitchenAid product .
 This is a good mixer
 Yes , I 'm sure it will last a long time . However , this thing is so slow it drives me mad . When you are in the middle of a recipe and want to whip something quickly it takes so long it 's infuriating . The fastest setting is just not adequate . I regret spending my money on this . I do a lot of baking and cooking and will be looking for a better model .
 I 'm finally deciding to replace this mixer . I have owned it for years -LRB- and if you think that is a GOOD thing , read on ... -RRB- , but I have always been disappointed in its mixing power from Day 1 . A month ago , I had an opportunity to use my mother-in-law 's hand mixer from the 1970s , and was amazed at its power , even on the lower settings . That made me decide to give my current KitchenAid Ultra Power hand mixer the heave-ho . It is SO wimpy , and there is very little difference between the 5 speed settings . I think mine has lasted so long because not much is required of the motor . Certainly , it can handle cake batter just fine , but that 's not all I demand from a mixer . I like knowing a mixer has extra power even if I do n't need to use it very often . Not sure yet what I will buy as a replacement , but I wish I could go back to the 70s and purchase the mixer my mother-in-law has -LRB- and maybe say no to that disco dress I bought -RRB- .
 One of the things that turn does n't fit well and falls out . I should have exchanged it , but I did n't have the time .
 This mixer is rated .6 amps which is 72 watts of power . It claims to have a sensor to maintain speeds , but slows at lowest speed with simple mashed potatoes . Most mixers have 200 watts of power and many 300 watts . It disappoints that Kitchen Aid would market such an item . I should have gotten the Cuisenart !
 absolutely the worst service ever . i ordered the item on 6 jan 07 and it has been delayed twice ! the latest until sometime in april ! never again !
 The grinder works great . The slicer/shredder is worthless . If you want a grinder , order it seperately . If you want a slice/shredder , order a food processor . The slicer/shredder did an awful job on onions , mushing them up , and dropping large chunks into the bowl . Celery had the celery strings all wrapped around the drum . It did do a good job on potatoes , shredding them nicely . You also need two pairs of pliers to take the drum off the shaft when you 're done . And , a plastic spatula from my Braun food processor was great to scrape the potato remains from the drum .
 Too slow , gets clogged alot . My hand crank strainer is much better to use even with all its problems .
 I purchased the strainer for juicing tomatoes and applesauce for canning . I think for baby food it would be great but to try applesauce or tomatoes it is totally useless . The end where the peels and seeds come out is so small a tomato seed got stuck . It could only take very tiny amounts at a time and it was very slow . The seller very kindly allowed me to return it and did not charge the full re-stocking fee . Although the blurb mentioned canning it is worthless for that use .
 What a leaky , messy contraption ! Got the tomatoes ready . Assembled the thing , and placed containers to catch the juice & pulp and the seeds and skins . Oh boy ! Of course I might have had a better experience if I had not been laughing so hard . And yes , Virginia , it got on me and my clothes . I sent a note to KitchenAid and -- they did not respond . At all . Who is KitchenAid hiring these days ?
 It was a strain getting fruit -LRB- apples and carrots -RRB- into this thing . You have to cut things into tiny pieces , and then jam them down in . For some idiotic reason , they 've built it with a spring , so the auger is FORWARD from the chute until enough fruit/veggies pack the auger/strainer mechanism that it pushes back against the spring and comes into a reasonable position.Further issues
 I 'm sure it 's a good product but it did not fit on my older model Kitchen Aid and by the time i realized that -LRB- summer , canning time -RRB- it was too late to return .
 I bought one of these several years ago and have used it quite a bit . It is very handy for straining , if a bit slow and messy . The big gripe I have with the product is -- one of the first times I used it -LRB- straining blackberries -RRB- the seam down the side of the strainer cone split . I continued to use it for a couple of years , but it finally split completely and became unusable . I called about a replacement and the customer service representative told me that they do not reccommend straining blackberries in it , for just that reason . I looked in my manual . I could n't find a warning to that effect , although in all fairness the straining instructions contain a list of fruit and blackberries are not listed . At any rate I think it is really sorry that this fruit strainer self destructs over blackberries . The real clincher to my poor review is that the strainer cone , just that one dinky peice , costs $ $ $ $ $ to replace . I was in too much shock to even ask about shipping costs ...
 I bought this mixer in December 2006 . I have probably used it once a month . Currently the mixer experiences uncommanded speed increases and wo n't slow down . It consistently does this now . I noted when I bought it Amazon advertised it as made in USA , but the product says made in China . I would not recommend buying this unless you want a disposable product.Update
 Please do yourself a favor and stay far away from Kitchenaid . I bought this mixer in 2007 and I have used it less than 20 times . I started to make cookies this year and when I turned it on it would only `` click '' . I tried it with the beaters , without the beaters , different outlets and it was the same . I looked on line and apparently this is a common problem along with broken beaters , cracked housing , among other things . I called the company and the only thing they would offer me was a new mixer for a price more than what was charged on Amazon . I asked if this was such a common problem why did the company not stand behind its product and I was told that most of the reviews are negative because more people will write a negative review than a positive review . I told them that may be so , but on Amazon as well as other sites many people discuss good attributes also . My point being they do n't seem to stand behind their products nor care about their consumers.I also own a food processor that is cracked and I have to finagle it to work . After the phone call to Kitchenaid , I will no longer be purchasing their products .
 I purchased this and used it for or five times for light mixing , whipping cream and potatoes . It seemed to work well until I attempted to mix a soft dough . The motor ground to halt long before the dough was anywhere near a consistency one would call a soft dough . Would never purchase a Kitchenaide product again .
 bought Professional 9 hand beater as a Christmas present . It lasted for 18 months with approxomately five to seven actual run time hours on it . Put it away one day after using it and the next time she went to use it it would n't start . It 's dead no power what so ever . 6 months past the 1 year warantee . It 's china junk like a lot of things now days . Kitchenaid sold out like a lot of American companies making money off US citizens with cheap materials and labor .
 UPDATE
 I am very disappointed in this mixer . My grandmother and mothers lasted years and years and this one decided to go out just at about a years time . We used it maybe once a week for Sunday mashed potatoes . I am very disappointed and will contact the manufacturer . What can you expect these days when things are made in China . If they were made to last I would not complain.I gave it two stars because the motor gave out and in the description it said `` Powerful lightweight motor designed for quiet , lifelong operation `` Well the life long operation was the 1 year warranty.As a side note ... I did contact Kitchenaid and expressed my concerns and after sending them a copy of my invoice via their live chat feature they are sending me a replacement , but it will not be the same model as this model has been discontinued.I will be receiving KitchenAid 9 Speed Architect Series model . Once they send it I am told they will include a prepaid shipping label to send our non working one back . I hope the replacement one lasts more than one year specially since the one we bought here from Amazon stopped working with very minimal usage .
 We have had this mixer for 1 year and 3 months , and only use it 2-3 times a month . It worked great and we loved it , but one day it just would not turn on . It 's dead .
 I have two KitchenAid STAND mixers that I like very much , but the KitchenAid HAND mixer was the worst I have ever bought . The power was much less than expected and even though I used it for light mixing -LRB- whipped cream , etc. -RRB- it lasted only six months .
 Purchases this hand mixer at macy 's about 21/2 years ago . I had to replace one beater a year later and now it has stopped working all together . Kitchen Aid 's offer to me . I could purchase a rebuilt model for 26.95 . Unacceptable since I got rid of my cheap sunbeam mixer that was working perfectly fine and cost 1/3 of the price for this `` much more dependable model ''
 You would think Kitchenaid could get it right since their claim to fame is mixers ! I bought this mixer for my daughter who was just starting out on her own . This mixer died after only a few uses . Since she did n't use it often , the warranty period had already expired so there 's really no use even trying to get it replaced . I 'm not into banging my head against a wall -LRB- :D I have had a low end Hamilton Beach hand mixer for 30 years and the darn thing wo n't die . It works just fine and I refuse to replace it with a throwaway item . Just a warning , Kitchenaid does n't especially equal quality . I see there are many more reviews with the same or similar stories , and even though this item has 4 stars -- steer clear of it !
 We 've had this mixer for three or four years and use it mainly for beating egg whites and mixing up hot chocolate . In spite of the light use , it stopped working ... will not turn on . We called Kitchen Aid and they said it 's out of warranty and can not be repaired . Very disappointing , especially since the Kitchen Aid stand mixer we 've had for 11 years , which gets heavy use , works fine . We threw it out and ordered a Cuisinart hand mixer as a replacement .
 I bought this a few yrs . ago & absolutly loved it . It really did a great job of mixing . One day out of the blue it was dead ! . I suspect it was the digital . I really loved it , but it died just after the warantee was up . -LRB- of course -RRB- I wo n't buy another one . Went back to my old Black & decker which works great , but very rough . -LRB- throws the stuff around at low speed . -RRB-
 Although I 've had this mixer for 4 years , I probably used it a grand total of 6 times . The mixer is like new . I bought it to replace my mother 's 60 year old mixer , thinking it would be much more convenient to use . We recently had several people over for a get together and in the morning I brought out the mixer to make some frosting for cupcakes . The mixer would not turn on . It was completely dead . Fortunately , I still have my mother 's 60 year old mixer -LRB- it probably weighs 20 lbs ! -RRB- , so I dragged it out and made the frosting without a problem . They just do n't make things like they use to !
 I bought this mixer over a year ago , and it has stopped working . Like others , it makes this clicking noise . I think that there is a loose wire . Everyone once in a while I can get it to work again , but it takes multiple trials . Way too pricey , and did not last . I think there is a manufacturer 's defect as multiple people have complained of the `` clicking '' problem and not being able to turn it on . Do n't waste your money . There are other brands that will last longer .
 I bought this item just before Christmas . The first time I used it to mix cookie dough the beater wires bent . I contacted Kitchen Aid via live chat on their web site and they said I should have used the dough hooks . On their web site it says that the beaters easily mix cookie dough . The speed selection is a waste too . For what this mixer is capable of doing , they should have just had a High , Medium and Low setting . The 9 speed function is just a marketing ploy . Not only are the beaters low quality but also are out of stock for 30-60 days . I ca n't even beat eggs with it now . I do n't know if I will waste the $ 15.00 for new beaters . I would not recommend this item to anyone . I have previously bought several Kitchen Aid appliances including a stand mixer .02 / 14/13 update . Bed Bath & Beyond replaced the entire mixer . I use the mixer but not for anything heavier then cake batter .
 For those of us with ` dead ' kitchenaid hand mixers ... It seems that these mixers all seem to die after sitting unused for some amount of time . Mine probably sat in the box almost a year . Unbox it , plug in , and nothing . The symptom is that after plugging in , then pressing ` on ' button , get a small click inside but no display.Here 's what I did that got it working again.Plug it in and wait . a few hours was not enough to get mine working , it took several hours -LRB- overnight -RRB- . In the morning , press the on button , and got the flashing ' 0 ' in the display . Press again , and the darn thing started turning.I wonder how many of these ` dead ' mixers are sitting in landfills that could be restored . Mine almost was.Credit to the other opinions here that led me to try ` recharging ' it before tossing it , although it took much longer .
 Mine too bit the dust . I was luckier than most , though ... mine lasted four years . I absolutely loved it . But now it 's dead , and I 'm in the market again .
 It is 3 years old but has not been used very much at all . Kitchen aid products are usually great but not this one . It worked last time I used it and pulled out on Father 's Day and not anything ... it was as if it had no power but it did ... just does not work .
 This overpriced mixer itself seemed OK when I got it . The wire-beaters , cheap junk made you-know-where , broke , of all things , on the second batch of an omelette . I still had some American-made beaters from a previous mixer and did n't have to send the stuff back . I will not buy this brand again , and suggest you do not , either . Buy the Oster hand mixer instead . It is a lot cheaper , works well and has all kind of attachments included in the purchase price .
 Bought from Amazon -LRB- $ 59 -RRB- August 24 , 06 . Died August 30 , 09 . Had n't used it in 2 months when I took it out and nothing ... . no display , dead . Two days later it lit up and worked ... once and never again . So I conclude it 's the digital control unit.Well , I emailed KitchenAid and they said being it was over one year that all they 'd do was sell me a refurbished for $ 27 . I do n't know if that includes shipping.Went to Fred Myers and bought an Oster 2534 for $ 20 and for backup the Hamiton Beach Walmart had on sale for $ 10 . I hate to sound my age or wax poetic over the past BUT back then when you bought an appliance you never gave a thought to it failing to work long and hard . It was a given . I still have an Electrolux canister vacuum that beats any canister around . I inherited it in 1973 . From what I understand you can not repair your own KA hand mixer because `` Parts not sold separately . Must be purchased as a complete unit '' . I ca n't find the digital control unit for sale anywhere . Has anyone here repaired one of these mixer him/herself ? I 'm not going to just throw this thing in the trash can.We were thinking of getting a KA stand mixer , classic or Artisan , but not now . Bad quality , short warranty , no parts.I must say , I 'm disappointed . I expected a heck of a lot more . My last one lasted 17 yrs . and it was the cord that failed . I would of fixed it but decided to treat myself to a fancy top of the line mixer . This KA is made in China btw . Price is no longer an indication of quality.Oh and good luck with KA 's website . It 's awful . You have to have flash installed or forget it . The HTML -LRB- non-flash -RRB- site does n't work for me . AND I can not find a list of authorized service centers . Anybody?I 'm waiting on their email , again .
 I only used this mixer a few times to mix a cake and the cheap wire beaters broke . It was just barely a year after ordering from Amazon . I called KitchenAid and they wanted all my paperwork which I sent . After that I never heard from them again . I am much happier with the $ 10.00 Hamilton Beach mixer I bought from Walmart for my RV . I got lots more use out of it .
 I was looking for a higher quality mixer when I bought this . Mixer worked well for little over a year and then stopped completely . The mixer saw light duty during the time it worked mostly for mixing pancake batter . Called kitchen aid service but they do not repair this mixer . Did not think I was buying a disposable mixer for $ 70 and suggest you look at other products
 I bought this mixer for my wife as a Christmas present on 2006 . We were very pleased with it , especially how quiet it ran . Unfortunately , 3 years to the day later , it has died . While whipping cream on Christmas morning , it suddenly stopped and started smoking . This mixer has seen fewer than 20 uses , and most of them very light duty . We have a KitchenAid stand mixer that we use more often . We fully expected this mixer to last for more than 10 years , given that the cheap mixer we bought from Wal-Mart lasted more than 10 years and saw far heavier use .
 Like many other reviewers , my hand mixer has randomly stopped working after some time in the cabinet . I am very unhappy with the quality of this product .
 Let me just add my sad story to the ones already on the list . Bought what I thought would be a quality product . Went ahead and paid the extra bucks , but the KitchenAid `` Professional '' Hand Mixer gave up the ghost after about a dozen rather light and infrequent uses . Does not run , and same `` clicking '' noise that many others have also described . Too bad it was just out of warranty . It seems very obvious to me in reading the rest of these one-star reviews , that there is a serious design or manufacturing issue with this product , so buyer , be warned . Apparently KitchenAid is n't the same quality brand it used to be .
 This mixer failed just after the warranty ended . For the price of this mixer I am very dissapointed in the longevity . It was not used very much even in the 11/2 years . I now am going to purchase a non-digital mixer . I would discourage people from purchasing this mixer .
 I bought this hand mixer in 2006 and in that space of time used it maybe 20 times . I went to turn it on today and nothing . When I click the on button I hear a little `` jump '' from the motor , but the beaters do n't turn and the digital display is blank . I have not abused the mixer in any way.With that said , when it worked it seemed worth the money . It was nicely made , came with well designed beaters -LRB- and a wisk -RRB- , and had a nice digital display.My KitchenAid food processor and blender , which I bought at the same time , have worked well , so this hand mixer is a disappointment.All in all ... if it did n't break , it was great .
 I bought my 9 speed black professional kitchenaid hand mixer about a year ago now . As you would realize , the mixer was only used a few times during this period , maybe 3 times . I went to use it again and it wo n't even turn on . I can only assume the motor went bad . I am extremely disappointed with this product . I have always liked the kitchenaid products and for this to happen makes me upset . Unfortunately I ca n't locate my receipt so I am out of luck . Be careful !
 I bought this mixer based on most of the positive reviews on this site . It worked well for about a year . After that , I started having problems with it turning on . Now , it wo n't turn on at all . This seems to be a common problem - read other reviews . This is not a cheap , disposable mixer ! I am very disappointed in this purchase !
 I bought this mixer in June 2006 to replace a mixer I had owned for a decade or two . The KitchenAid worked fine for about two years . Then the nine speeds turned into one speed with no variation , no matter what setting I chose . A few months ago it simply refused to turn on . I tried it several times , and occasionally it worked . Now it is totally dead . Is two years a decent lifespan for a mixer ? I do n't think so.KitchenAid KHM9PWH 9-Speed Professional Hand Mixer , White
 Bought this in Nov. 2008 and needed a replacement a year later . Clicking sound and lacks enough torque to mix anything effectively . Initially was very please with the product , but it 's not built to last . Would classify our usage of the mixer as less than normal -LRB- twice a month average -RRB- on various items
 I used this mixer successfully for over a year , perhaps two or three times a month . Last week , when I was mixing cookie batter , the metal `` whisk '' end of one of the beaters became dislodged . I tried to bend it back , but it only got worse , hitting and then breaking the other beater . There is only a one-year warranty on this appliance , so I need to buy new beaters -LRB- at least $ 15 at minimum -RRB- or see if a family friend can weld them back together . While I initially liked the design of the beaters , I can see now that the design lends itself to this problem . If the beaters were complete rings of metal , I think this would be much less likely to happen . I am very disappointed in this appliance for this reason .
 My mom has had two Kitchenaid stand mixers , one that 's lasted for about 10 years with no problems -LRB- which she handed down to me -RRB- and another that she 's had for about 5 years with no problems . Since the stand mixers were of such high quality , I thought a hand mixer would be a great purchase . Wrong . Within the first month I had it , the whisk attachment broke . The whisk itself came loose from the metal rod at the bottom while I was making some frosting , and I guess the rod was spinning loose for a while in the little hole where it 's attached , because when it finally came apart and I grabbed the two pieces , I got severe burns on two of my fingers.Kitchenaid never sent a replacement , even though I followed all the procedures and submitted my information twice . Now , two years later , my mixer wo n't turn on at all . I used this mixer maybe once a month , if that , so I 'd say I got around 20 uses out of it - which is complete garbage for a product that retails at $ 90 . I had a cheap $ 20 Hamilton Beach mixer from Wal-Mart that lasted for 6 years before this . I 'm so angry I will never buy another KitchenAid product again . KitchenAid , you need to get your act together .
 I purchased this item brand new at the $ 60 price and gave it as a gift to a family member . By the time they used it , it was too late to return it . Big mistake to wait that long . The mixer started out fine and was much quieter than the cheaper hand mixer she 'd been using . We thought it was a great improvement with being digital , too . Unfortunately the thing died during the first use of only mixing eggs and sugar for the start of a cookie recipe , and apparently there is no way to fix it . It 's like throwing $ 60 in the garbage . Lesson learned-be sure to use such a product within the return frame in case you get a dud . We really thought with a name like KitchenAid , it would work fine . Certainly not broken right out of the box . She also had trouble with a Kitchenaid chopper that thankfully was able to be returned.I should have known after reading reviews on the large stand mixers that some customers get shoddy products from this company . I read that many of the items do n't last as long as they did before the brand was manufactured in China . I suspect that is the problem . Probably another case of a great company selling out to China to cut costs and save money . And we are stuck with little options of anything else to buy . Not to mention all the health hazards associated with Chinese goods . And this is what we cook with . Sickening . I wish companies would stop seeing dollar signs at the expense of their customers . Does n't anyone have pride in their work or products anymore ? It feels like everything is going downhill and money is always the reason . The older mixer still works , incidentally , and thankfully was not thrown out when this one was received . I 've since purchased a large mixer made in Germany.Seems a lot of people have good KA units but there are plenty who do n't . I guess it is hit or miss -- maybe they churn out some faulty units too frequently for a big name , and I was one of the unlucky ones to get one of them . It 's a real shame that they charge so much for it . Since they are cutting costs by having them made more cheaply , why not lower the prices for the consumers . But that would cut into more profit . This mixer was not worth $ 5 at a yard sale much less $ 60 brand new . It 's a rip off . The old cheap mixer may be noisy but it 's lasted many years . I will never buy another KitchenAid product , unless maybe if they begin manufacturing them somewhere other than China but that 's not likely to happen is it . It would be worth it to pay high prices if we were getting high quality .
 I purchased this mixer from Amazon.com in March of 2008 , and after mixing a few batches of cookie dough , the beaters are clicking and wobbly . Although it 's nice having the 9 speeds -LRB- easy to turn up the speed or turn the mixer off -RRB- , the beater problem is simply poor quality and I expected better from KitchenAid . I 've always loved my KitchenAid 6-qt . mixer , so when I noticed this 9-Speed Hand Mixer , I did n't hesitate to purchase it . I 'm afraid I would n't recommend it -- for the same money or less , there are much better mixers available -LRB- read the excellent reviews for the Oster products -RRB- .
 As others have mentioned . Mine worked perfectly for about a year . Then just would n't turn on - seemed like an electronic short . I thought my toddler had gotten to it a few too many times , until I read so many similar reviews . I really loved it while it worked , did so many things perfectly !
 KitchenAid KHM9PWH 9-Speed Professional Hand Mixer , WhitePiece of Junk , Turns on for a few seconds . I tried to change the speed settings It flips on and off . Then the speed light arrow jumps from 4 to 7 then 9 , while the beaters turn like its set on one . The settings are messed up . I 'm Done with kitchenaid . Very Poor , and Rude Customer Service . I want a company I can count on if I 'm buying their products . Kitchenaid is aware theirs a problem with this hand mixer and they continue to sell them . No Quality Here . Zero Stars .
 I enjoyed using the 9-speed mixer until last night when one of the beaters separated from its spindle . The whisk end simply fell off the metal rod while mixing cookie dough . It can not be fixed , and KitchenAid made no offer to replace this obviously defective part because the warranty had expired . I was forced to purchase another pair of beaters for $ 15 plus shipping . KitchenAid markets and prices itself as a high-end appliance manufacturer ; one should not have to replace the beaters after only about 10 uses in 18 months .
 I bought this mixer and only used it a couple of times for routine -LRB- not heavy duty -RRB- mixing . The turbo beater broke shortly after a year -LRB- the wire came loose where it attaches at the top -RRB- . I called the company expecting a free replacement and was told that I had to buy it -LRB- you need to buy 2 for $ 19 includinf shipping -RRB- . I was so dissapointed that I put the old GE hand mixer back into service after more than 30 years of use without a problem . I think that the turbo beater design is not robust enough and can fail very easily .
 I received this as a gift for Christmas in 2008 . It will not start . They only have a one year warrenty . I have not used it that much maybe every other month to whip cream -- never on anything tough like cookies . I will not buy another Kitchen Aide because when I bought it I thought this would be the last one I need so I could justify the expense . Now I will buy a cheap model like the one that was still working when I replaced it !
 This mixer does n't deserve even one star , considering the retail price ! When it was time to replace my portable mixer , I went with Consumer Reports ' recommendation and purchased a KitchenAid hand mixer . I do n't use a mixer very often , so I expected the appliance to last a very long time . -LRB- My cheap little Sunbeam lasted almost two decades . -RRB- After a couple of years , one of the wire blades broke loose from the shaft . I discovered the model had been discontinued and replacement blades were not available . After hearing my lament , my daughter surprised me with a new KitchenAid KHM9PWH 9-speed Professional Hand Mixer.Unfortunately , after about a half-dozen uses , the blade on the new mixer also broke ! When I called KitchenAid , I was told the mixer was no longer under warranty and replacement blades cost $ 14.95 , plus shipping and handling . I could understand why a blade might break loose from the shaft if the mixer was used often or for heavy-duty use . But I only used it for making an occasional cake ! I am VERY disappointed in the fragility of the blades in these expensive new mixers . It seems more practical to just buy an inexpensive mixer for the same price as the KitchenAid replacement blades , instead of throwing good money after bad . One thing is for sure
 It worked great and I loved everything about this quiet powerful little machine good for about 18 months with light use . One day it would n't start no matter what I tried so I put it away . A week later I tried again and it worked . This crazy machine worked one out of 20 times and it has let me down today when I really needed to whip up some cream for my party so I threw it out finally . I should have tossed it sooner and replaced with a cheaper one from Target like my last one lasted for several years until I decided to upgrade and discard the old faithful work horse nothing was wrong . It taught me a lesson that something costs more does not mean it is better . A piece of junk .
 So I bought this mixer for my wife after our wedding gift mixer bit the dust . I always do my research because I hate buying crap . Well , I did my research and found this mixer to have some good reviews and only a few poor reviews . This was a year and a half ago . The piece of junk just completely died about a week ago and when I got on Amazon to see if anyone else was having this problem , much to my dismay , a whole bunch of people are reporting the same problem . In fact , it 's all over the internet now ! We , along with many others on here , loved this mixer when it worked . My mother in-law always commented on how quiet it was and how many speeds it had . It made making mashed potatoes -LRB- a personal favorite of mine -RRB- a breeze to make . My wife really did n't want a standing mixer because it takes up so much counter top space . However , it is hard to argue with the years of reliability that both of our Moms have gotten out of theirs . Well , long story short , do n't buy this piece crap . As , well marketed and good looking as it may be . I wish I had something else to recommend but at this point I 've got nothing .
 I bought 2 of these mixers ~ 3 years ago . One for myself and a friend . I dont ' use mine very much and she does n't either . Both the switches went out on ours . Mine went out about 6 months ago and hers just went out . Motor wont ' turn on - all it does is click . Before this I had an $ 8 GE mixer that lasted for over 30 years . This Kitchen Aide worked great at first ... but once it stops you are out of luck . All the company wanted to do was sell me another . NOT IN MY LIFETIME !!
 I bought the kitchen aid hand mixer for my wife , who used it infrequently for over about two years . Recently it would not start , a problem shown by several other reviewers . Poor quality , poor reliability . I do n't recommend purchasing this item .
 Bought this in October . Loved it . I used it less than a dozen times . Went to use it today . Wont even turn on . Now I hate it .
 I 've only had my Kitchenaide Professional 9 mixer for a little over a year too and suddenly it just stopped working ! I 've hardly used it ! I 'd love to get a replacement . Any ideas on the warranty , anyone?KitchenAid KHM9PWH 9-Speed Professional Hand Mixer , White
 After only about 6 - 8 uses the mixer will only click and has no display , which works out to about ten dollars per use . I came back to read the reviews to see if anyone else had the same problem , and it looks like I am in good company . This is not a reliable product , and was not worth the premium price I paid for it . KitchenAid should get Zero stars for this one .
 I bought this hand-held mixer December 2005 and by the January 2007 it had stopped working . Mind you I only use it once every 6 months or so . Therefore , I maybe got at most about 5 uses out of it before it would only go from power level 1 and then back to 0 . It would just fluctuate between the off and 1 no matter how much it was pushed . So it was totally useless . Since the warranty is only one year I have spent $ 54.88 for absolutely nothing.When I called KitchenAid , their service rep said he could do nothing but sell me another one at a cheaper price . Thank you , but `` no thank you '' .
 I 've been a Kitchen Aid fan since I bought my first dishwasher , which was still cleaning dishes spotlessly after 20 years . I 've had my stand mixer for 15 years and love it as well . Although I do n't use a hand mixer often , sometimes I do n't want to dirty the stand mixer . So , based on my experience with Kitchen Aid , and the reviews , I ordered the hand mixer -LRB- plus all the attachments -RRB- . I had it for about a year , used it maybe 10 times for light mixing . Then it just QUIT . I live in Mexico , so sending it in is out of the question . I took it to an appliance repair shop here , and the electronic off/on/speed controls on the handle were the problem , and could not be repaired . I do n't think Kitchen Aid quality is as good as it used to be . I also bought a new KA Food Processor , to replace my 20 year old Cuisinart that was still working great , but was a little dated and I wanted to `` upgrade . '' When I tried to grate cheese on it , it nearly welded the grater attachment to the center rod ! Kitchen Aid said they could n't fix it , but offered me a coupon on a new one . Yeah , right . My neighbor was able to get the thing apart , so now it works fine on everything except cheese , which to my mind diminishes the upgrade . I 'm happy to report my Kitchen Aid Egg slicer works great , but my non-stick cookie sheets stick . So , for those of you who complained about the flimsy attachments falling apart , my nearly new , mostly unused set will be offered on ebay in August .
 I may have used this hand mixer 6 times in the last 18 months . Recently , when I went to use it , it would n't even turn on . It 's past its warranty , so I 'm just out of luck I guess . I asked my handy husband to take a look at it and he suggested I just buy a new one . I will , but it wo n't be a KitchenAid .
 Purchased and recd alittle less than 3 mos . ago from Warehouse Deals . Mixer is broken after 3 times of use . Should have known better . Might be better to purchase a brand new one than a refurbished or returned item . Remember the motto - BUYER BEWARE ...
 Be careful of buying KitchenAid products here . I bought this mixer , and the only reason I considered spending this much for a hand mixer is because of the name . My mixer was ok , while not good enough to justify the high price . I thought I could at least count on it lasting . I was wrong . Two weeks after the one year warranty was up , one of the beaters broke while making mashed potatoes . Before realizing it was past the warranty date , I called Kitchen Aid and was told that Amazon is `` like E-Bay , '' selling used items . I assured them that I paid for a new product!So now I learned . Just buy the cheaper mixers , and realize `` throw away '' culture makes it too costly to try to alter this reality ! It got worse ... i was told that the warranty I had was expired , and months after this whole incident , they actually had the NERVE to send me something to tell me the warranty was about to expire , and I should n't take a chance , should pay them more to extend the warranty they refused to acknowledge !
 Some 6 or so years ago I used to have one of these when It was `` Made in US . '' From the tone of the recent reviews , it sounds like there is room for improvement , even when It is made in China . The beaters for my `` Made in US '' unit were very well made , very strong assembly . What was wrong was it was Very loud ! at any speed it made an annoying loud whine , and Hi speed was excessively loud . The mixer only got used one or two times a month ... . after 15 months a little plastic part inside that holds one of the beaters in place broke and I was left with a one beater mixer ... . not much use after that ... . The other issue was an extreemly stiff electric cord that would pull the mixer over . To make matters worse was KitchenAid did n't have replacement parts available ... probably still do n't . Customer Service did offer me a small discount on a new one ... but , NO , too much of an annoyance to bother with another . Went back to using a 30 year old Hamilton Beach ... and still use it today .
 I bought this mixer thinking that it is from Kitchen Aid and relatively expensive model so the quality , durabilty AND PERFOMANCE would be good . But Kitcehn Aid proved me wrong . This expensive mixer 's Beater blade broke off from the four welded places on the shaft while mixing ingadients for a pie . We have used this mixer infrequently for light duty mixing work . I called Kitchen Aid but they refused to send a replacement blade becasue the mixer is now just outside the warranty . I feel they should stand behind their product when there is a mechanical flaw in the design . Kitchen Aid has designed a product in which the main part broke off . Not Good Quality . Do n't buy .
 I used my KitchenAid hand mixer lightly , perhaps once every 3 months . By the time it was 2 years old , it was dead . I owned a `` made in USA '' Sunbeam hand mixer for 30 years , and thought I 'd treat myself by getting a new , powerful KitchenAid hand mixer . As it turns out , whoever bought my old one at Goodwill is the one who got the deal ; the 35 year old Sunbeam , I 'm sure , is still working , and the 2 year old KitchenAid is destined for the landfill . Why would that be ? The answer is simple
 I purchased this mixer not quite 2 years ago , loved it but do n't use a mixer much . Put it in the cabinet after a fewuses and low and behold take it out now and NOTHING !!!! It 's totally dead ! The use on this can be counted on one hand , I wanted to have it around for those few times I needed it . Well , now no warrantee and no mixer , it 's an expensive purchase when you divide the purchase price by 5 !!
 I purchased this mixer because of the Kitchenaid name which I equated with quality . From the first use , I was disappointed in the lack of power this mixer has when mixing cookie dough . I have owned much cheaper mixers that did a superior job . After owning this mixer for approximately two years , one of the metal bars on the beaters came unattached , making the mixer useless . I will not be buying another Kitchenaid mixer .
 I thought KitchenAid was a good brand . This mixer worked great . . 3 times . Then it stopped working . Just does n't even turn on . I do n't bake much , so for the ONE year that I had it , it was mostly sitting in a drawer . Of course the warrentee is up now . It 's only one year . It really sad when a $ 10 , Betty Crocker hand mixer lasts 20 + years and when it finally gives out , the $ 80 KITCHENAID replacement turns out to be garbage.I 've bought a $ 30 Kenmore to replace the Kitchenaid now . At least it has a 2 year warrentee.I wo n't ever buy Kitchenaid again .
 Purchased a couple of years ago . Used maybe twice . Took it out to use today and it wo n't turn on . DO NOT PURCHASE this mixer ... it is a complete waste of money ! Look at the numerous other reviewers who have had the same problem .
 I do n't understand why everyone things KitchenAid is so great . After having a Sunbeam hand mixer for 25 years , I paid top dollar for the KitchenAid and the beaters are awful . When making whipped potatoes , it wo n't get rid of the lumps . Same for crepes -LRB- NO , crepes are not supposed to have lumps -RRB- . I ended up giving it away and buying a cheaper mixer that works great . Also , I 'm not impressed with my $ 400.00 stand mixer either . It has the bowl lift feature -LRB- like the Pros-ha-ha -RRB- which actually shakes when you turn it on . Even Alton Brown mentioned that . Also , the bowl lift makes it difficult to add ingredients . Unfortunately , that costs too much so I 'm stuck with it .
 1 . It seems that there is slight vibration from beaters .2 . The top speed is not as good as my old $ 9.95 mixer .
 I purchased this mixer -LRB- very good mixer from my previous experience -RRB- along with another item . The other item was delivered in a timely fashion without any problems . I was notified the mixer was `` undeliverable '' to my home , to which many other Amazon items -LRB- including the one ordered at the same time as the mixer -RRB- had been delivered in the past without any problems whatsoever . Because of this , the sale was lost , as I ordered the mixer from another source . Very frustrating experience , calls into question Amazon 's delivery system .
 Short on countertop space but wanting a strong beater for choc chip cookie dough , I sprang for the 9-speed professional model . Motor hangs tough , but how disappointed I was that the wire turbobeater broke in less than 2 years of very occasional use -- mostly thin cake mixes , some choc chip cookie batter . Not sure if weld broke or metal snapped but beaters should last at least a decade . Never had beaters break on a GE or Sunbeam or other value brand . Kitchenaid wants more for shipping new beaters than it would cost to buy new of other brand . I swear I still have indestructable beaters laying around kitchen since the 1970s ! Shame on Kitchenaid for flimsy beaters !! Wo n't invest like that again !
 This was highly recommended by Cooks Illustrated but I am not very happy with its performance . Not very powerful and second beaters , the thinner ones , broke after a few months ! Will not buy this particular model again .
 I purchased this unit for my wife less than 2 years ago in December , 2007 . She used it only several times per year before it completely died . Since it is out of warranty , there is no sense in sending in to be repaired as the shipping and repair costs would exceed the price of the unit . We have had other units from this manufacturer and have not had any problems with them . I noticed on the unit that they are now made in CHINA ! I will watch where things are made in the future !
 I bought this for my wife last Mother 's Day and after less than 10 uses , it fails to power on . Looks like I 'm not the only one after reading these reviews ... buyer beware .
 I use mine infrequently and got the `` dead mixer '' -LRB- wo n't turn , on just clicks -RRB- that others have reported . However , I did coax mine back to life . Just leave the mixer plugged in for a couple of hours and try it once in a while.Almost looks like something needed to charge after a long period of not being used .
 I bought this mixer in Oct 2007 . I used it very infrequently , probably less than 1x/month - and on what was probably my 14th use , it would not start ! As other reviewers have noted , there was no response other than a clicking sound when the power button was pressed.Since multiple people -LRB- on multiple review sites -RRB- have had this identical problem , I contacted KitchenAid even though the 1 yr warranty was up , told them that clearly there was some kind of defect in design or manufacturing , and requested repair or replacement.Of course , I got the stock answer of `` we can not provide support on a product after the warranty has expired '' and they offered a `` discount '' -LRB- equivalent to Amazon 's current price -RRB- so that I could buy the same crappy mixer ! Regrettably , I had already given away my functional but plain Black & Decker hand mixer ... that teaches me to buy style over substance!I also bought , in the last year , a KitchenAid stand mixer . I recently got a solicitation from them to buy -LRB- at extra cost , of course -RRB- product insurance to extend their 1 yr . warranty . Given the rotten performance of the hand mixer , I might be compelled to shell out the extra $ just to avoid having a $ 400 piece of nonfunctional metal 6 months from now.KitchenAid , get your act together and quit shilling these glossy but low quality products ! Based on reviews of other KA products , it seems there has been a steady erosion of quality over the last 10 years , so BUYER BEWARE .
 This was an enjoyable appliance when it worked , and I was quite pleased with it until a couple months ago when it just would n't turn on . I 'm not a big baker so it was used very lightly . I purchased it only a little over a year ago and it is already dead . Fortunately my American Express extends the warranty by a year so I 'm able to get a refund . My old cruddy 3-speed $ 15 hand mixer lasted for years and years - 10 + years . I 'm disappointed in this KitchenAid product - so much for KitchenAid quality .
 This mixer was the best hand-mixer I 've ever used , but after one year of very light use , it one day failed to turn on . That 's it ... nothing . I liked this mixer so much I had gotten one as a gift for my daughter . After one year of not being used at all , hers would n't work right out of the box -LRB- and thus I learned never to store unopened , un-tested appliances past their warranty ! -RRB- . I called KitchenAid customer service , and was told that they do n't repair hand-mixers , did n't think ANYONE repaired hand-mixers , BUT , I could get a special deal to buy a replacement - which turned out to be , per mixer , almost twice what I originally paid for my mixer on Amazon ... If this were a $ 30.00 mixer , I would n't be taking this quite so hard . If it were one out of two , I could maybe think it was a fluke . I thought I was making an investment in a reliable product . I did n't take KitchenAid up on their ` offer ' , and seriously doubt I 'll be purchasing so much as a spatula from KitchenAid in the future . Yes , I 'm just that bitter . Did I tell you how much I loved this mixer , when it worked ?
 I have the identical twin to this mixer -LRB- KitchenAid KHMQ9WH - differs in accessories only -RRB- and used this hand mixer rarely , as my countertop KitchenAid big mixer gets the bulk of duty . However , after less than ten light duty uses over two years this hand mixer quit working . I can hear clicking of relay , but no motor . KitchenAid 's replacement deal is as much at the original cost . This is quite discouraging and the device is out of warranty - it still looks brand new . Thumbs down to this product . Move on and find a more reliable mixer .
 I wish I could give this a no star rating . When I got this mixer I loved it ! It was quiet and efficient . But I had it for a little more than a year and rarely at that . I probably did n't use it 5 times total . Now it 's dead and just refuses to turn on . I should have paid attention to the reivews when I bought it but I did n't , now I 'm stuck and the company refuses to do anything . The one I had previous to this one was not even a major brand I picked up at the local Wal-Mart for about $ 10 . It lasted for about 15 years .
 Bought this mixer for my Mom and it died the same way as described by others . It wo n't turn on or do anything . It was a good mixer when it worked but for the price it should last longer than a year !
 I bake about once a week and bought this because my old Oster hand mixer burned out after more than 10 years . Was very excited after reading all the great reviews . I was so shocked when I used it the first time - cake batter splattered out of the bowl ! Never encountered this problem before . Had to transfer batter into a deeper bowl . Then had another shock when I used the whisk to whip up cream - cream splattered all over my counter ! And yes , I did start on low and slowly cranked it up . Am returning it .
 I rarely use a hand mixer , preferring one of my two KitchenAid stand mixers . I had a hand mixer that worked well with its three speeds but when Amazon offered the Professional 9 at a good price , I replaced it . I had used it less than a dozen times when it just stopped working . All KitchenAid would offer was a discount on a replacement , unwilling to stand behind a poor quality product . I 'll stick with my stand mixers for now and suggest that any of you looking for a hand-mixer look beyond this KitchenAid model , based on my experience .
 I have used this mixer for 5 years or so . I works fine , lots of power and reliable , good for most applications . BUT the wire blades do not do mashed potatoes properly . Doing mashed potatoes with a mixer needs some amount of cutting action to tear up the potatoes . The smooth round stainless wire blades do not break down the potatoes at all . I 've tried dozens of times , adding liquid , a dryer mix , more cooking time etc. . Always a lumpy mess of mashed potatoes . OTOH our previous cheap mixer and cheap sheet metal blades the potatoes whip up quickly , and the lumps are broken down fast . Its kind of obvious that the engineer designing this unit never tried to use it . I 'd like to see an additional set of alternate mashing blades then it would be a 5 star .
 I got this cover for my new Kitchen Aid and was pleased with it the first few weeks . Until , that is , I got it a little dirty and needed to run some cold water on a small portion of it to remove a tomatoe sauce splatter . The dark dye started running * immediately * onto the white and I was madly trying to stop it before it got too bad . I fixed it as best as I could but about an inch all around one side on the trim is a light blue from the dye . I now have to remove it whenever I cook anything that may get on it and it 's very impractical . Being in a kitchen , this cover is extremely likely to need washing from time to time and I found it just ridiculous that this is basically impossible to do without ruining it .
 I primarily bought this to make grape juice for jelly , and the grape seeds were just too much for it to handle . I think something with a greater proportion of soft fruit/vegetable matter to seed -LRB- like cooked apples or tomatoes -RRB- might work ok . But it just bogged down and clogged up , creating a huge mess . The hole at the end of the strainer -LRB- where the rejected material comes out -RRB- is just too small . I went back to doing it manually with my colander before it was over.To reinforce what everyone else has said , it is also annoying that the tray is so small , and basically requires you buy the extender tray to use it . Once purchased , the extender tray is n't a sealed fit , leaks , and adds to the messiness factor . The grinder has only 2 cutter sizes . I expected the larger cutter to allow a coarser grind . There should be at least 1 more size to allow more versatile usage -LRB- like relishes -RRB- . I just expected more .
 This attachment is so disappointing . I 've used it three times
 This thing works great for applesauce ; cooked apple quarters or halves in one end , applesauce out the middle , and cores/stems/peels out the end . We cook the apples in 9x13 pans , 1 in the microwave and two in the oven , and still ca n't keep up with the strainer . I do n't know what the other reviewer is talking about with a cross-shaped food pusher . Ours is a wooden pusher like in the photo . The top tray is a little small but not too big a deal for apples anyway.Found out the hard way that the plastic parts are no match for bread crumbs . Had the bread cubes totally dried out as per the instruction manual , after a while started noticing white flecks in the crumbs coming out . Turns out that dried bread cubes are harder than the plastic and had been destroying the thing by grinding the plastic off .
 I purchased the grinder/strainer combination so I could make blackberry jam easily . I read through the instruction booklet to be sure I was doing it correctly . It started out fine , but then the strainer got clogged with seeds , and the strainer burst apart at the seams.Kitchen Aid help line person was very good and said they would send me a new part . When I asked what I could do so it would n't happen again , she looked up on their troubleshooting site . On the site , it warned against using large seeded-fruit such as blackberries . Had this been mentioned in their instruction booklet , I would have returned the item unused and gotten my money back . As it is now , I 'll try to sell it and recoup part of my purchase price .
 I have many Kitchen Aid appliances including my dishwasher , stove , microwave and refridgerator . Obviously , I have brand confidence but I 'm not happy with this cheap plastic product . I feel the same way about most of the plastic add-ons -- they simply do n't stand up to the test of time . My meat grinder cracked and I replaced it with a vintage metal model which will last for years . This product is way over priced considering it 's about 25 cents worth of plastic .
 The whole idea of using the auger in the grinder to push meat into sausage casings is flawed - not only does the auger get warm and melt the fat , but you are almost RE-grinding the meat by using this . As a consequence , I made five pounds of breakfast sausage this morning and ended up with the casings stuffed with PASTE , not ground meat . In other words , I wanted breakfast SAUSAGE and ended up with something more like a breakfast HOT DOG . Blecch , Also , the hopper on the grinder only holds a small amount , so you 're trying to guide the stuffed casing with one hand , push the meat into the auger -LRB- no , it does n't gravity feed -RRB- with the other hand and keep adding meat to the hopper with the other hand - yes , that 's THREE hands ... and do n't even get me started on the `` pusher '' for the grinder.Yes , a `` real '' stuffer is expensive , but the savings in frustration is well worth it .
 The Kitchen Aid grinder attachment is fabulous , but this companion stuffing kit is a total piece of junk . If the goal is to stuff as much air as possible into the casing , then it 's a MUST-HAVE ! Otherwise , it fails . Miserably . The auger does n't feed the ground meat through the funnel , so you have to push the meat through the hopper with the wooden stuffer . Of course , the stuffer is about the same diameter as the hole . So when you push the meat through , all of the air get pushed into the casing . You 're probably wondering where the air comes from . If the hopper is full , the meat should push through , right ? Wrong . Every time you pull the stuffer out of the hole , a vacuum forms and you inadvertently pull air and casing back into the funnel . And you have the added luxury of pulling all of the ground meat back out of the hopper at the same time . So you press more meat through the hole , the vacuum pulls it back out again , and the vicious cycle goes round and round . In the meantime , your casing has become a swollen meat/air balloon that 's ready to pop . So you have to poke it with a toothpick before it explodes all over the kitchen like a trichinosis bomb . Eventually , you ram enough ground sausage into the casing to feel like you 're making progress . But I warn you , this is Fool 's Gold ! Do n't allow yourself to experience joy ! When you go to twist the sausages into links , the meat seeps out through the holes you had to poke throughout the tortured process . By the time you 're done , 30 % of the filling is splattered all over the kitchen or wasting away inside the auger and your neighbor 's kids have learned several new four-letter words.In short , I advise anyone who wants to make homemade sausage to search for another product . You 'll have as much success making sausage with this KitchenAid disaster as you would ramming ground sausage through an old oil funnel with a used toilet bowl brush . Any commenter who says otherwise is probably an online brand manager who works for KitchenAid 's PR firm .
 KitchenAid typically makes great attachments . I love the food grinder but this add-on is virtually worthless . It relies on the auger to pull the ground , seasoned meat from the small , shallow upper holding tray out into casings . There is way too much resistance in the meat path for this design to be effective . You can press firmly and get the meat to move a little . I think I would actually be more successful pushing the meat past the auger than relying on it to move anything itself . I might try it again with the auger removed and the motor of my KitchenAid off and see how I do ! It works just OK when you are working with freshly seasoned , coarsley ground sausage and are using the larger bore stuffing tube . That is its only , marginal application . It is completely useless if you want to make finely ground sausage , emulsified sausage -LRB- like hot dogs -RRB- , or if you make salami where the meat turns much stickier . Oh , and the small bore tube should just be thrown away on arrival . The auger simply can not and does not pull many types of sausage through this attachment . Or if it does it is very inefficient . I have the old style wooden plunger and the meat still comes right up the sides of the feed tube as you apply pressure . Then , when you pull out the plunger , meat comes up with it and then when you press down again huge air bubbles surge into your casings . You end up with a mess , a tension headache , and casings stuffed with air . It is a bad design that is really only offered to make the grinder attachment marketable as a sausage making system . It is ... kinda , I guess . If you are serious about making anything other than sausage patties then skip this and buy a vertical sausage stuffer which uses a piston to press the prepared sausage out into casings . Sausage making should be fun and it simply is n't with this .
 A sausage stuffer should provide maximum pressure to force meat down a narrow tube without incorporating air . This does not do that . Like others have pointed out , there is no seal for the plunger , which means it is difficult to force the meat into the `` grinder '' attachment . Once there , the spinning worm gear does not provide enough force on its own ; only forcing more meat upon it with the plunger will help it to extrude properly . Even then , more air is incorporated . And , of course , it is far too high off the counter surface for sausage stuffing.While the idea of using a hand-crank stuffer when you have all the power of a Kitchen-Aid right there may seem unappealing , a cheap hand-crank stuffer will be far more effective than this . I urge you to go that route . You might think the low price on this piece may make any suffering worthwhile , but I urge you to reconsider .
 If one wants to do a very little amount of sausage or maybe just want to `` do '' it once or twice just for the fun of it -LRB- and already have the grinder -RRB- then this attachment is a cost effective thing to use . But not otherwise . My recommendation is to not buy the grinder and stuffer together for the purpose of making sausage regularly.This sausage stuffer is an accessory 's accessory . The KA 's grinder accessory that the stuffer is used with , is itself pretty good excepting for one thing that affects stuffer use.I recall that in the `` olden days '' when I had a much older version of the grinder , the push-tube was tubular and fit the grinder fairly tightly , and if you have one of those , it may work better for the stuffer than the newer cost-reduced version where the grinder 's `` intake '' pusher is a plastic handle that 's attached to a plastic disk . Problem is that the disk is too small in diameter and when already ground meat is pushed into the grinder -LRB- to stuff sausage -RRB- a LOT of the ground meat goes by the pusher 's disk , and it 's very slow going and somewhat messy.With the several year old KA grinder that I have -LRB- with the pusher described above -RRB- , I 'd give this stuffer kit one star , but for those who may have the older -LRB- ? -RRB- better grinder pushrod , I 'll give a second star.Thing is , if one wants to do any non-trivial amount of sausage and/or make it more than a few times , just a 5-lb -LRB- meaning it does that much in one-batch -RRB- vertical stuffer can be had currently directly from Grizzly for about $ 80 including shipping . One of those is a thousand times easier/faster than this KA attachment . Not even close . -LRB- Still okay to use the KA meat grinder though ! -RRB- . Search the internet about the Grizzly sausage stuffer and see what a great cost-efficient and well working thing it is -LRB- or its Northern Industrial twin -RRB- . Amazon currently sells the larger 15-lb Grizzly vertical stuffer .
 This review is for the sausage stuffer attachment , NOT the grinder attachment . The grinder works great . BUT the sausage stuffer -LRB- which is sold separately from the grinder -RRB- is time consuming and laborious . Some reviewers posted that it works fine once you remove the steel blade and the grinding plates that come with the food grinder before you attach the plastic spacer and the sausage tube . That should go without saying because I do n't believe I could even have the blade , grinding plate and plastic spacer in place because they wo n't all fit at once . I used it exactly as it was intended each of the 3 times I 've used it . I will say that although it got the sausage stuffed , the amount of time it took to stuff 5 pounds of meat is very discouraging-2 hours !!! Grinding the meat literally took about 10 minutes , but once you replace the grinder with the sausage stuffer attachment , your work will truly begin . It helps when you freeze the meat slightly . But you can only force a small amount of meat into the hopper , and because of the gaps in between each time you force the minced meat in , air pockets are created . These air pockets are counter productive each time you try to force the meat because they work against your pressure . Also , it creates air pockets inside the stuffed sausage or even the casings that have been loaded onto the sausage tube . You constantly have to prick or reposition the casing to get the air out.If you plan on making sausage once a year , or if you are an extreme penny pinching miser , then you may be willing to tolerate this product.I have just ordered the LEM 5 lb vertical sausage stuffer . Any stuffer which you preload ALL the ground meat in prior to forcing it into casings HAS to be better , in my opinion . Once its all in the cylinder , you can just concentrate on cranking the handle to force the meat into the casings . You do n't have to worry about shoving small balls of meat little by little into a hole while you also tend to the sausage casings as they slowly fill with meat and air .
 I agree with the folks who gave this a one star -LRB- because there is no lower rating -RRB- . The grinder is OK but you need to grind through the course plate first then the finer one . The stuffer was useless . Too much air got into the attachment and thus the sausage casing . We gave up and we ended up packaging it in bulk . We could do more by stuffing the mix through with the food pusher provided by KA . Love my machine , but not the stuffer .
 There 's about 3 different thing happening that does n't allow this to work . First , the plunger does n't create a seal while trying to push ground meat down the feeder . It works well for grinding cubes of meat but ground meat oozes up the sides of the plunger when trying to push meat down . This creates a great seal when you 're trying to pull the plunger back out and now you have a vacuum which sucks any meat in the worm back out.Second , the worm does n't create a good seal pushing food to the sausage funnel so you ca n't drop ground meat down the chute and expect it to come out the stuffer . Once again great for grinding meat but not for pushing ground meat through.Third , when you finally get meat through you 'll get big pockets of air in your casing that made their way through the worm due to the suction problems mentioned in problem # 1 above.If you want the most frustrating experience every with your mixer you can try this . It is cheap but I 'm investing in a real sausage stuffer that allows me to enjoy the full process of making sausage and not finish by being throughly frustrated during the last step .
 After mixed reviews I was n't sure about this at all . I figured it was only $ 7 and if it did n't work the worst problem that I had was I made loose sausage instead of cased sausage . Turns out , it worked like a champ . After all of the complaints about the work height , I figured I would take care of that ahead of time . I put the mixer in the kitchen sink . The grinder sticks out from the front of the mixer , and the stuffer tube sticks out from the front of that , so it was well out over the counter . Plus it brought the height down to a more manageable five inches or so above counter height . This ended up working out really well . I did n't have any problems with meat leaking out the side or anything like others here had . I think the problem some people are having is that they are trying to use it with a grinder plate . This was designed to be used on meat that had already been preground . I did n't have any problems with air pockets either . I stuffed about 25 links -LRB- about 5 lbs -RRB- , and only had to pop one air pocket . Also I did n't have any problems getting the casings on the tube . I just used a little vegetable shortening on it , and they slid right on . Overall , I think for $ 7 you ca n't go wrong here . The biggest complaint that I had was that it was kind of slow . This is good for small batches , but I would hesitate to try to stuff 40 lbs of sausage with it.EDIT ***** After having used this a few times now , I 'm no longer a fan . The first batch that I made was coarse ground , so air pockets were not a problem . However , when I did finer ground stuffing , I had a real problem with the meat forming an airtight seal in the funnel for the grinder . Then I really did have to worry about air pockets . Also with finer ground meats , I got a lot of meat squeezing around the plunger , so it was a lot more work that it really needed to be . On the coarser ground meats , it generated enough heat and motion that it started to experience fat smear . This led to a kind of dry gritty texture . Overall , If you are going to buy this to see if you want to start to get into sausage stuffing , then go for it , but you will soon realize you need a real stuffer . I 've already gone and ordered the LEM 5lb Vertical Stuffer , hopefully that works better .
 We actually never used it . We sent it back right away just by the looks of it.My Dad does a lot of meat grinding and making homemade sausage . He uses everything metal . Unfortunately , it did n't look like it could handle the job it was really meant to do .
 I recieved two large tube attachments , the kit inventory calls out , one small for breakfast sausage and one large . I have no use for two of the large tubes and can not use half the recipes in the book I also ordered due to the missing part .
 The reason for a low rating is that I did not receive all the parts for a complete unit . I have not been able to use any part of this because I am missing the butterfly that goes on the end of the auger . I have tried to return this . It cost more to send it back and has been a hassle to contact anyone who will listen . Buying from this company is a joke .
 I bought the whole kitchenaid system and thought that i would make some sausages . there 's not much thought to the stuffer -LRB- it 's plastic -RRB- however , the kitchenaid is not worth the effort . 1st
 This review is not necessarily on the product , but rather on the delivery of the product . I had ordered this as a gift for a friend . After waiting and finally recieving it , I proudly gave it to my friend . She excitedly opened it , only to find the product MISSING ! While Amazon delivered another one , I found the process tedious to have to send it back in order to not be charged twice .
 I bought these stuffing tubes with the aspiration to make breakfast & slim jim type sausages from the home-grown beef , pork , and venison that comes into this household . I bought 21 mm collagen casings to use on the smallest stuffing horn , that was the size I wanted . Well , the smallest stuffing horn is tapered , you can only fit 1 '' worth of 21 mm collagen casing on it . Would give it zero stars if I could . Absolutely dissappointed with this product . Buy a metal tube stuffer , forget the kitchenaid garbage .
 STAY AWAY , IT DOES NOT WORK , I gave up after 1 hour and only got 2 small sausages . Its not worth the time . If the sausage is sticky , it does n't want to go through the machine .
 Just like the other reviews say absolutely worthless for stuffing ground meat . I had to retro fit the handle with plastic bags and Saran wrap so the meat would not push past the plunger . Took about an hour to do 10lbs of snack sticks . Look up LEM stuffers on YouTube that is what I am going to get next . This will be going back !
 The attachment fit well onto the grinder , however the design of the grinder hopper 's `` chimney '' is fundamentally flawed -LRB- too narrow , too tall , and at a right-angle to the auger/feeder -RRB- for sausage stuffing . The grinder is great - it has proven itself many times over . However with sausage meat that is at all sticky or already been ground , stuffing is a VERY SLOW LABORIOUS process
 Ca n't use this stuffer . First , there was a sharp lip on the stuffer and I could not get the casings over it . When I finally did I had a hard time slidding the casing up because the plastic surface was to rough . The hole size was also to small . In my opinion the part should be made out of metal , which is smother . I ended up using my old hand crank unit .
 This did an extremely poor job of stuffing the sausage casing . I ground the meat first , seasoned it , and then put the stuffer horn on correctly -LRB- in front of the grinder -RRB- and tried to run it through but it just did n't stuff the casings . I re-read the book twice to see if it was me . This horn is a piece of junk . -LRB- But I like the kitchen-aid meat grinder . -RRB-
 I 'm one of the many people who have said `` I got the grinder attachment and it 's great ... but the stuffer sucks . '' Well , it would be nice if it sucked in the right direction ... maybe pull the meat through with the auger , but it does n't . Yes , I 've seen it work properly on an episode of `` Good Eats '' but Alton had a different , no-tapered feeder that is apparently no longer available . My experience with it was taking over an hour to stuff 5 pounds of meat -LRB- which was growing warmer and consequently less safe -RRB- . But here is the worst part
 I tried small link type sausage . `` Snack ` in Sticks '' from High Mountain . Meat was difficult to get into the auger area and kept sticking in the tube . Then produced large air pockets wasting long segments of casing . Basically did n't work very well at all . I quit and started using my jerky gun . -LRB- the cauking gun type -RRB- . The only positive was that the tip attachment from Kitchen aid fit my gun . The gun worked much better .
 Trying to use this stuffer was an exercise in frustration . The grinder attachment 's corkscrew action is not enough to push meat through the tube on its own , so you 're forced to push down with the plunger . However , the plunger is enough smaller than the chute that ground meat will squirt up around it . You would be better off using this product as a funnel and pushing the meat through with your fingers .
 This works if you will not be making much sausage and enjoy the hassle of running ground meat through the kitchen-aid meat grinder . I personally do not , so I bought a vertical cylinder stuffer and have not been sorry since .
 I let the casings soak for 1/2 hour and still had a hell of a time getting them on the funnel
 Like some others have said , it works but the amount of time it takes to stuff 5 pounds of meat is way too long . I used this on 3 seperate occasions and all three times , I had the same sub par results.I read the directions and I know I 've assembled it correctly.I even contacted kitchenaid on how the plunger isnt a good fit and the meat just squishes up intead of down.They recommend using `` pinches '' of meat so the plunger can `` guide '' the minced meat into the worm mechanism.What a bunch of nonsense.The food grinder does do a good job though ... Anyway , Yeah the kitchenaid sausage stuffer was only 7 bucks and yeah , I was able to stuff sausage with it , but using it was becoming a deterrent to making my goodnes known as sausage. ;--RRB- I 'm going to invest in the LEM 5 pound stuffer.It 's alot of money but I 'm sure it will work with little effort and make sausage making a fun hobby with excellent benefits .
 Bought this to stuff some hog casings , since I already had the grinder attachment for my KitchenAid and did n't want to drop $ 150 on a vertical stuffer for the rare occasions when I make sausage . Took me well over an hour to stuff a little over 2 pounds of sausage , and I ran into a lot of the issues others have mentioned
 ... of folks who are n't happy with this attachment . Made sausage for the first time , last night . It took FOREVER to stuff 3 lbs . of breakfast sausage into the casings . I was doing this all by myself and my arms nearly fell off , they got so tired . The ground meat feeds into the tube at less than a snail 's pace . I will be saving up for a REAL stuffer .
 As others have said , this cheap plastic stuffing attachment is more trouble than it 's worth . After an hour of struggling with it I gave up and stuffed the sausage by hand.The grinder tool worked great but I definitely do n't recommend the stuffer . If it had cost more than the $ 10 I paid for it I would have asked for my money back .
 The combination of the long , narrow feed tube on the grinder and the plunger that is just slightly smaller than the feed tube , it was possible to push the meat into the grinder so it would feed into the casings . The difficult part was refilling the tube with the ground sausage without including pockets of air . I 'd be very interested in how other folks got this item to work with any kind of efficiency ... my 5 # of sausage probably took us between 60 and 90 minutes to stuff . This was long enough to make it difficult to keep the meat cold during the process . We managed , but I 'll be looking for another stuffing alternative . On a side note , I ca n't exactly ding KitchenAid for the design of the grinder -LRB- long , narrow tube -RRB- since it is how they prevent fingers from getting caught in the impeller -LRB- a safety feature I consider worth the inconvenience -RRB- .
 Like the title says , I 'm giving this product a one star rating because there 's nothing lower . I bought this along with the KA mixer for myself for Christmas.Like one reviewer stated , this thing fails horribly on three points : The plunger has no seal , so the ground forcemeat just pushes back out instead of going down to the worm gear.The worm gear does n't seal either , so the plunger lets air into the chamber and the worm gear pushes it into the casing , creating air pockets in your sausage.The stuffer is too high above the worksurface . I wound up putting mine in a kitchen chair beside the counter and using textbooks to raise it to the right level.If you plan on making even moderate amounts of sausage , just do the smart thing and get a sausage stuffer . There is a very sturdy , highly recommended 5 # model on the web , just search for stuffers and look in the $ 80 price range.There 's not one thing about this product that I can compliment , except maybe that it 's cheap enough that I do n't feel like I blew a lot of money on a piece of garbage .
 I 've used this stuffer for years because I did n't know any better . Please read the negative comments , they are all true . I saw Julia Childs using a jerky gun and had an epiphany.Eastman Outdoors 38237 Jerky and Sausage Gun Kit with 5 Extra NozzlesThis works perfectly . It holds one pound of meat per load and I can stuff 5 lbs of sausage in about 15 minutes with no swearing and little mess . With a little practice you can load the cylinder with no air pockets and cleanup is a cinch . The one caveat is that it is so efficient that it is easy to over stuff the casing causing it to burst when you twist the links.That said , the meat grinder is pretty good but do n't waste your money or your time on the sausage stuffing attachment
 I love my KitchenAid stand mixer and the meat grinding attachment . However , this attachment is another story . The sausage mixture should be pulled through the stuffer tube by the auger in the mixer , that did n't happen . The only way to make this work was to use the plastic food pusher to push the mixture in into the hopper and force it into the stuffer tube . This process was a mess , with the meat mixture `` squishing '' around the poorly designed pusher base and collecting on the pusher.Someone suggesting contacting KitchenAid to get one of the `` old style '' wooden pushers - which is a solid piece and would n't allow the meat to squish back up around the pusher base . I called KA and they told me that they no longer have these pushers and they were discontinued long ago .
 The food grinder works great , the stuffer is a waste . The plastic plunger for the food grinder is too small and the meat seeps up the sides . As someone else mentioned , I will try a wooden dowel next time . I was very frustrated and gave up on stuffing the sausage . I ended up with 10 pounds of sausage patties .
 Impossible to get the meat down the feed tube . Once it 's there , the suction from the pusher sucks most of the meat away from the auger . An awful purchase . Do n't buy it .
 I read the 1-star reviews here ... and I read some 4 star reviews.I eventually decided that the folks giving 1-star reviews did n't know how to use the device.I got the attachment , read the instructions carefully , and TOOK OUT THE GRINDING PLATE -LRB- and the grinding cutter -RRB- . I then spent about 80 minutes trying to stuff 5 lbs of sausage into casings .80 minutes ?!?! It was a horrible experience.Despite having very cold meat , no grinding plate , no grinding cutter , and everything ready to go , the meat just DID NOT want to go into the tub . I had to lean on the plunger with a lot of force . Everytime I took the plunger out , it had formed a vacuum seal , and I had to pull up strongly to get it out . Because it took two hands to operate the plunger , I needed help to deal with the sausage casings.After 80 minutes of wrestling with it , the job was finally done ... and I was so sore I had to take 4 Tylenol and lay down on the floor for two hours.Now , I 'm used to doing Tabata squats with nearly 100 pound bar . I can do a few sets of military pressing 80 lb worth of dumbbells . I 'm not a weakling ... and yet the angle and the force required to make this forsaken tool work left me nearly crippled for the rest of the evening.I saved the box , and am returning this device to Amazon for a full refund . $ 10 sounds like a good price , but I 'd rather spend $ 100 or $ 200 , get the job done in 10 minutes , and then not have a sore back for the next 24 hours .
 The first few times we used our sausage stuffer attachment , I wondered how anyone could give this a positive review . It honestly seemed tp stuff just as fast with the machine off , and the poorly-fitting plunger pushed huge amounts of air through the stuffer and into the sausage . Then I found the trick to getting it to work.Getting air out of the system is the only way to get the feed screw to work . The easiest way to do this is to work a drinking straw up and down the feed chute while gently pressing on the plunger . You 'll feel the plunger drop as air escapes . Once the air 's out , the stuffer will actually stuff pretty well . Keep working the straw as you go.The straw trick actually made this thing worth the $ 9 . Without it , it 's terrible .
 As others have noted - you will experience unacceptable difficulties in three areas :1 -RRB- Unimaginably slow feeding/extruding of the raw sausage mixture2 -RRB- Excessive amounts of air entering grinder chamber and eventually blowing up your casings like a balloon3 -RRB- The plunger end of the handle tool is too narrow and much of the meat mixture just oozes out of the chamber instead of getting rammed down.Note that these are issues with the design of the grinder assembly in terms of its ability to handle sausage meat . The sausage feed tubes are just ordinary , plastic , tapered tubes.Look elsewhere to stuff sausage - I 'm going to purchase a standalone electric stuffer .
 I have always like my kichenaid products . This stuffer is worthless . This was not my first time making sausage , and Ithough why not save some time and actually by a stuffer rather than use a funnel . I thought I would be saving time and effort , but boy was that wrong ! I found it faster to stuff by hand -LRB- which I hate to do -RRB- . It was impossible to control air entering into the stuffer and control the meat moving consistantly into the casing without getting too warm for food safety . I am going to buy a hand stuffer -LRB- maybe the Grizzly or a cabella 's upright -RRB- . It cracked the first time I used it , which it should not have done with the minimal amount of pressure put on it . I bought this at a store that is over 90 miles away so I will not be returning it . Until this point I had loved every attachemnet I had for my mixer , though my overall favorite is still the meat grinder . For that to work so well , why is the sausage stuffer soo pitifully bad .
 The effort you will expend to try to stuff sausage through this nozzle will have you driving up the walls . If you have two people and only do it once a year , maybe it 's worth it . I 'd buy a sausage stuffer like Grizzly H6252 5 lb . Vertical Sausage Stuffer SS or simialr instead . The Kitchen Aid ca n't be beat for grinding but this attachment is a joke . I have a heavy duty hand cranked grinder/stuffer and I use the Kitchen Aid for grinding and the hand cranker for stuffing .
 The sausage stuffer was too big for the casing , and too small for the food grinder . The grinded meat squished out of the sides and made a huge mess . It would be easier and cheaper to do it by hand !
 The meat does n't move very well and there is a lot of meat stuck in it at the end .
 After making sausage a number of times with friends , I decided to try it myself using attachments for my KitchenAid stand mixer.Grinding ? Worked great!Mixing ? Worked fantastic?Stuffing ? A giant pain!I really do n't understand the reviews that praise this product , as my experience has been completely different - this is a failure of a product.Problems with the stuffer attachment . .1 -RRB- The stomper tool is a joke . It is uncomfortable to use and is too small for the feed tube . Thus , you press the mixture down , and it spurts back up the sides . We 're talking 80 % spurts back up the side . Another 10 % sticks to the stomper and comes back up to the food tray . The result of this is that you emulsify your mixture -LRB- combine the fat with the meat into a paste , which ruins most sausages -RRB- .2 -RRB- The auger , which is part of the food grinder which you need to make the stuffer work , fails at drawing the mixture in and out through the stuffer nozzle .3 -RRB- Stuffer nozzle is plastic , and mine had sharp edges that I needed to file down because it was tearing my casing . It still tears my casing .4 -RRB- The whole thing is plastic . I 'm not a fan of plastic , but in many cases , a plastic product can work perfectly fine . This is not one of them . The mixture , no matter how cold I kept it , cotinually clung to the feed tuber , auger , and stuff , increased my emsulsion problems . The instructions say to lube the beed tube with shortening , but this does n't really work well at all , and you have to reapply the lube each time you use the stomper.The end result was I spent far longer stuffing my sausage using this attachment than I 'd dreamt of . A manual stuffer is far , far , FAR easier and produces a more reliable , tasty sausage.Sure , I bought this for around $ 15 , and I am returning it first change I get because it is not worth the added time of frustration , ruined mixture , and torn casings . Seriously , do n't waste your money on this attachment . If you only want to spend $ 15 , use a pastry bag - it will be much easier than this .
 Meat grinder does not work as sausage stuffer.Augur spins in meat mixture and doesn ' force ground meat out through nozzle.Pushing tool does n't fit . We had to fashion one from PVC pipe and use it to force meat into casing.Don ' t waste your money !
 I received this today and immediately opened it and started stuffing sausage . I thought this would be quick , I was wrong . Very slow process . Better off buying a professional sausage stuffer if your going to make a lot of sausage . This is only good for a very little amount and home use only . Takes me longer to stuff sausage with this than it takes to cook them . Only buy if your going to make a little bit of sausage once or twice a year .
 Technically , it is the plunger on the Kitchen Aid food/meat grinder that will waste your time . The plunger is great for the larger chunks of meat . But once the meat is ground , the gap between the plunger and the wall of the grinder is large enough to allow the meat to pass . So as I tried to push the meat down into the auger , feeding it into the sausage stuffer , most of the meat was pushed out the sides . Increasing the speed of the auger does n't help.If this product came with a plunger with rubber/silicone extensions that create a fairly good seal , it would probably work much better and earn more 5 stars .
 I have to take issue with Gaylin Walli 's comment that this is in any way good for large quantities of sausage . I found it to be an exceptionally painful way to make * any quantity * of sausages . I thought I may as well give it a try , since the price was right , but it truly took the fun out of the process . What a pain to use!Here is the general sausage-making process , if you 're just getting started -LRB- as outlined in Charcuterie , by M. Ruhlman -RRB- :1 -RRB- Cube meat2 -RRB- Add seasonings3 -RRB- Grind meat4 -RRB- Add liquid5 -RRB- Mix meat to correct consistency6 -RRB- Stuff casings7 -RRB- Twist into linksThis gadget is intended for step 6
 I owned this and the meat grinder when I decided to try my hand at making sausages . I worked , but had problems with air pockets . Finally bite the bullet and bought a vertical stuffer . Huge difference . no more air pockets ! If you are just starting out , this will let you stuff the sausages . If you get hooked on making sausages , invest in something better .
 The Kitchenaid grinder attachment works well . However , the stuffer is absolutely useless unless you plan on making just one or two sausages . It took three of us more than 2 hours to stuff 15 lbs of sausage and that was after the mixture was ready . We 'll be looking for a dedicated device .
 The sausage stuffer attachment for the KitchenAid is a JOKE ! I could have done a better job using a funnel and a spoon . It took me 5 hours to stuff 3.5 # of sausage . It is really a pain to use . Really ! The food pusher is too small and allows the chicken glop to ooze around it . So I ended up having to push it into the small feeder tube by hand then use the pusher to shove it down to the auger . 3.5 # done a teaspoon at a time like this . And it is very messy to use as well . There was raw chicken glop all over the place and along with all of the hours of work already , it took another hour and half to clean up the mess . If there were minus stars this POS would get a minus 5 stars .
 I bought this and the grinder attachment to make the occasional 5 pounds of homemade sausage . The grinder is usable , but I would recommend a separate grinder if you are serious . The stuffing attachment is useless . You need a steady stream of meat to fill sausage casings and all you get with this attachment is air pockets . Do n't waste your money .
 the grinder attachment that you use for this sausage stuffer does not work good at all . The grinder gets clogged up with membranes and you constantly have to keep taking apart to clean . Not worth it ! Go ahead and spend extra money and get meat grinder with sausage maker from bass pro or cabelas or amazon .
 I dont like this attachment . Unless your mixture is really fine , the forcemeat and larger chunks of fat tend to clog up at the end of the feeder . I make a lot of dried sausage -LRB- sopressata , salami , etc -RRB- where you want some larger chunks of fatback in the mixture . This can become a problem when you need to clear a jam 3 or 4 times when stuffing only 5-10 lbs of sausage . It just takes too long . Then there is the issue of bubbles . You really have to work the casings and squeeze in the meat to get a firm fill . It 's all just too much work and you almost need 2 people -LRB- one to feed and the other to work the casing -RRB- . I may just buy one of those manual old fashioned cast iron stuffers for $ 50 and see how it goes ...
 As much as I would have liked to write a good review , I have to say I gave it a good shot . I tried all the `` tricks '' previous posters suggested but in the end it was hopeless . Every other KitchenAid accessory I ever purchased was well worth it except for this one . I ended up getting a sausage/jerky gun to fill my casings , that was OK but kinda slow and it only held a small amount of meat . Although I did n't want to spring for the $ $ $ , I 'm going to get a dedicated sausage press and do it right . For me , it 's also a matter of saving time and it seems a `` real '' sausage press will save me the most .
 I was interested in learning to create my own sausage and to see if it was something I wanted to continue to do . I learned two things in the process
 I purchased this kit along with the food grinder attachment so that I could make sausage without spending a ton on a separate stuffer . I 'm now going to buy a separate stuffer . The kit worked , after a fashion , however ... Being a conversion kit to the grinder , it naturally is elevated about a foot or so above the counter . The means that you can not allow the stuffed casings rest on the counter as you stuff . The weight pulls the casing off the horn.Also , trying to feed the ground meat through the machine was messy and difficult . You had to feed meat in , add more meat periodically , control the feeding of the casing , hold the sausage as it filled and , since you 're doing all this stuff at once , start and stop the machine periodically . It 's nearing impossible and very frustrating for one person to do alone.Also , depending on the consistency , much of the meat came back up the feeder neck as I pulled the plastic plunger out . This means re-feeding the meat 3 or 4 times before it actually gets through the machine . A / very / slow process .
 Despite negative reviews here and assurances in two different sausage making books that this attachment is not the ideal tool for stuffing sausage , the price was low so I gave it a shot . I 'll be saving up for a dedicated stuffer . This thing is just too much hassle.My sausage meat was well chilled -- not quite frozen . I am 6 ' 2 '' , so the issue of working height was not a problem for me . Yes , I removed the blade and grind plate . I had no problems with seepage around the stuffer tube . Make sure everything is seated properly and the retaining nut is on tightly and this wo n't happen.The big design flaw is the feeder tube on the grinding attachment . Firstly , it is a royal pain in the neck to have to pop the air pockets that constantly build up in the tube . It was easier for me to keep popping my casing to let the air out . Secondly , the plastic plunger is great for loosening the nut on front and for pushing meat into the tube during the intitial grind , but it caused more problems than it solved for stuffing . It created a meat vacuum that , at times , even sucked my casings into the stuffer tube . I had to clean the plunger constantly because several ounces of meat would build up around it 's shaft after stuffing just a couple of links . Thirdly , all of the handling I had to perform to finesse the meat into the tube , all of the pressure I had to use to get it to feed through to the stuffer tube , changed the consistency of my sausage . Thankfully , I was stuffing bratwurst and they 're all right with a very fine texture , but I think this tool would have ruined a sausage that requires a coarser texture . Finally , when cleaning everything at the end of the ordeal , there was a full link 's worth of sausage meat still in the grinder assembly and stuffer tube . It did n't go to waste , but I would have rather had it in a casing than as a patty.I ** LOVE ** the grinder attachment , but I will be returning the sausage stuffer attachment to the brick-and-mortar store where I bought it .
 The plunger does not have a tight enough seal to stuff the already ground and seasoned sausage meat into the casing . As a result , your ground sausage meat ends up getting ground again by the worm feeder . Your sausage ends up looking like hot dog or bologna meat . A press style sausage is the only way to go .
 its just a simple plastic tube that fits on the end of the grinder attachment so you can stuff sausage . So how did they manage to mess this one up ? The flare at the wide end of the horn does not sit flat against the head of the grinder , so when you go to tighten the ring down to hold it into place , the collar can not screw on all the way . The result ? A build up of meat in the front part of the collar . This eventually begins to drip down making a bloody mess of whatever is under the grinder attachment . How hard would it have been for Kitchenaid to design the horn so it fitted flat in place and the collar would have screwed on tight ?
 Could not use it , grinder too weak to make a fart let alone a sausage . If the plastic grinder and the Susie homemaker cutter and blade would have not been made on the cheap it could have saved the long time respectable company .
 I am a professional sausagemaker and a food scientist . I wanted to try to make sausage at home with my KitchenAid mixer and grinder attachment . It took 3 hrs to stuff 10 lb meat . It is worthless , time consuming , labor intensive . The plunger pulls back the meat you push in . The worm inside the grinder tube does not move efficently . And yes we did not attach the knife and plate . The tray needs to be larger , the grinding unit needs to be larger , the plunger needs to be straight . This is an awful design engineering . KitchenAid needs to replace their designer , too .
 I usually do my research before buying , and to do this I read the worst reviews . Had I done this in this case I never would have purchased the stuffer.As many have said , the biggest problem is with the plunger which is not wide enough to fit the chute . Meat squishes up on the sides and sticks to it . The result is overworking & heating the meat which is bad . Unlike others , I had no problem getting the casings on or with them ripping.I 'm glad the stuffer tubes are only a cheap add-on for the grinder so there 's not too much down the tubes . The grinder works fantastically .
 realize that this is the worst sausage stuffer EVER!I 've used a Hobart meat grinder to make sausage for years , stuffs casings so fast you have to feed the meat slowly and it still stuffs about 1 foot per second . This attachment is a joke , actually the attachment is fine although feels like the cheapest of plastics . Its the grinder that fails at sausage stuffing.Basically its just way to small to suck the meat in itself so you have to force feed it with the ridiculous plunger that comes with the grinder attachment . Meat constantly works it way around the 1/4 '' gap between the plunger and grinder port.I always spray a light oil over all parts to allow the meat to slip through , it helps but not enough.If you are making 2 pounds of sausage , its ok . If you are trying to make 20 pounds , give yourself 4 hours.FYI , the grinder attachment works pretty well for grinding meat . I ground 40 pounds of venison in about an hour . Not great but for $ 50 bucks it works . Do n't expect Hobart performance for $ 50 bucks .
 Poor performance . For as efficient as the grinder attachement is , this thing really let me down . The ground sausage is nearly impossible to force through this .
 The KitchenAid Sausage Stuffer , along with its partner in total ineptitude , the KitchenAid Food Grinder , is absolutely horrible . The stuffer constantly gets jammed ; at the same time , the food pusher creates suction and nearly all that you push down gets pulled back up the chute . This creates an extremely lengthy and frustrating experience . In addition , the back-breaking work that the food pusher requires forced me to stand on a chair so I could stand above it and push down . I then needed a second person to hold the partially stuffed sausage that was on the end of the attachment or the weight of the sausage hanging down would eventually pull the casing off of the attachment.The product is as cheap and poorly designed as possible . It is a disaster . Do not waste your time ; I 'll be returning mine -LRB- along with the grinder -RRB- and demanding a refund . This is a disgraceful product .
 Out of several pounds of meat , we were literally able to stuff one tiny hot dog . Very glad that we did n't spend more than $ 10 on it . We 'll be purchasing something else .
 This is a completely useless piece of plastic . The sausage gets stuck and does not extrude . I spent more time taking off the attachment and clearing the plastic piece then stuffing sausage . Then it would get stuck again , take off attachment , clean out plastic , just so that it could spurt out an ounce or two of sausage - and then inevitably get stuck again . Since the worm drive is still turning , while the sausage is stuck , it is melting and smearing the fat - rendering most of the sausage that I made useless . So frustrating . And an expensive mistake.Not to mention the sharp corners of the plastic which caused tears in even the toughest casing.I am following the sage advice of everyone I have spoken to and am dropping the money -LRB- about $ 130 -RRB- for a legitimate 5lb . handcrank stuffer.DO NOT BUY !!! -LRB- I warned you ! -RRB-
 Product is nice , but completely unusable for what I wanted to frame . Not including the mat , the space for the photograph is only 6.5 x 4.5 . Please be aware when you buy !
 If you 're going to use your Kitchenaid strainer attachment -LRB- KitchenAid FVSFGA Fruit/Vegetable Strainer and Food Grinder for Stand Mixers -RRB- for anything more than a cupful of food at a time , you 'll need this attachment too . However , it is seriously flawed and there is n't much you can do about it but put up with it because you really need this part.Frankly , this food tray should be built into the fruit & veg strainer attachment hopper and not a separate item . Because it 's separate , if you do n't have the tray shoved firmly against the hopper of the strainer you will have liquid leaking out and down the head of your mixer . You have to constantly keep alert so the easily bumped out of position tray does n't cause problems . It 's a poor design overall , but better than nothing.If you 're going to to the trouble of setting up the fruit & veg strainer you 're probably going to process a bushel of tomatoes or a pot of cooked apples into sauce , right ? Messy jobs , and this design of separate parts is bound to make the job even messier.I am not at all impressed with the Kitchenaid system for fruit & veg strainers . I used an Oster mixer for 30 years , with all its many attachments , until the plastic parts just fatigued out . The Oster 's strainer system was far superior in capacity and simplicity . But I do like my new Kitchenaid mixer better ... just wish the fruit & veg strainer system could be sent back to the drawing board.I 'm seriously considering using aquarium grade silicone glue or something to permanently attach the tray to the FVSFGA hopper .
 I would not purchase this tray again . If it were flat it would work great but it is slanted on both sides so the meat that you put on it all slides to the center blocking the grinder mouth .
 nice large size . The food grinder attachment is worthless . And I love kitchen aid . But their food grinder is way too expensive and does a terrible job on not only fruits but meat as well . Sorry kitchenaid I hope you read this your product sucks .
 Unfortunately , I have to agree with another reviewer - Steve `` SGR '' . We had an older Kitchenaid Slicer/Shredder attachment and it always worked great . The cones were sharp and stayed sharp and would bite you , if you were n't careful . Recently , we had to buy a new set as the white plastic piece that attaches to the mixer was cracking after years of use -LRB- no complaint about that -RRB- . The new cones are not only not sharp , they were never even beveled . All of the cutting surfaces show a simple flat face -LRB- 90 degrees to cone 's surface -RRB- and the cones are now made of a softer inferior steel . When we tried to shred some carrots for muffins , we got mashed carrots . The parts also get stuck together and only a set of pliers will disconnect them , while damaging the parts . Kitchenaid is not the product it used to be and it is time for a successor and a better product .
 I was very excited when I ordered this product because of the potential time and hassle it would save me . I was disappointed to find out that two of the cone attachments are pretty much the same and I must have been in disbelief after reading the customer reviews regarding the difficulty with disassembling this product after use . It is quite difficult to disassemble because when you are removing the cone , there is no good way of grabbing it to turn it to the left to remove it . The first test was carrots which was n't bad but when I removed the cone it made quite a big mess on my counter and floor . I am returning this product and intend on getting a food processor instead .
 This is definately not the quality you would expect from Kitchenaid . It does a horrible job at slicing or shredding . The thick slicer and coarse shredder are so fine I ca n't imagine why you would even need the thin or fine ones . They turned my food into mush . It was also hard to get the food through . It felt like it was trying to kick it back out instead of pulling it through like most shredders do.When finished I rinsed the parts and set them aside for washing . A half hour later when I started cleaning dishes I found the cones were rusty already . Now they have tarnish spots all over.Overall I am extremely disappointed in this product .
 Love my Kitchenaid stand mixer . But wish I had read the reviews on this grater.slicer.Pulverizer is more like it . Leaves big chunks in the hopper.Very uneven chopping/slicing . Bought it without checking because I assumed if it went on the mixer it would be as good as the mixer . WRONG !
 Terrible product . Why?The blades are dull and VERY hard to separate from the shaft.Cucumbers and zucchini with the `` slicer '' attachment come out as mangled bits . The `` shredder '' simply liquefies vegetables and does n't produce nice strings . Cheese has to be frozen in order to not gum it up.This had the potential to be a great product , but Kitchenaid completely blew it.The blades need to be MUCH sharper -LRB- think food processor -RRB- , be stainless steel , and have a solid shaft that does n't have to be removed.Even a $ 25 salad shooter got it right .
 I purchased this KitchenAid attachment mainly to grind nuts and chocolate when baking cookies . It does not work . A lot of big chunks of nuts or chocolate escape because the drum for grinding is located way too far from the base and it is not capable for fine grinding . Poor design , big disappointment . . It will collect dust in your kitchen , thus , do n't bother with it .
 We must have been sold a dud because the shaft will definitely not go through the brass colored collar on the RVSA Attachment without a hammer , Thats the Quality you get when you ship jobs to China .
 I have had this accessory set for my Kitchenaid mixer since 1975 . It works exactly as it should and still does . I use it especially for softer cheeses that my processor struggles with and for items that are too large for the food processor such as large vegetables and fruits that I want to slice whole.Since I 've had it so long and used it so much , the plastic housing has a crack so I decided to purchase a brand new one.The new one is n't even worth using . Instead of nice shredded cheese I get a jammed up mess . My fruits are turned to mush ! The metal is a different type . My old set of almost 40 years still looks like new compared to this new set . The metal is inferior and the blades are just not sharp.I returned the new set thinking it was defective , but when I tried new set number 2 it was exactly the same . I guess that 's the way Kitchenaid makes them now.I would n't even give this piece of junk to anybody . It is destined for the trash bin . I will keep the new housing to replace mine that is cracked but will continue to use my old discs which still perform perfectly.Shame on Kitchenaid !!
 I have had this attachment for years and have only used it twice . The first time I think I sliced apples for a pie , and it was OK . The second time the experience was bad enough that I had to write this review . I cut my finger on a slicing cone just removing it from the box , so based on other reviews , I got a sharp cone -LRB- or maybe just a sharper spot . -RRB- I actually used the coarse shredder , and it did a terrible job on cabbage for cole slaw . I had to use a lot of pressure , and the cabbage was getting torn or crushed as opposed to being sliced , no matter what speed I tried , so I 'm guessing that cone is dull . Even if you found the holder on the housing , the cones themselves do n't have a good place to hold onto them as you try to lock them onto the shaft , you need a rubber gripper or towel to protect your hand . Make sure to always have the mixer unplugged when you are messing with this thing , and when you do go to plug it in , make sure your switch is in the off position . Because of all the precautions , I can not recommend this at all for daily home use , especially if there are little ones around.In no way can this attachment take the place of a food processor in safety or efficiency . I do n't even think it 's easier to clean , and it takes up almost as much storage space . I also have the food grinder , citrus juicer , pasta plates and sausage stuffer - I have only used each of them once or twice but with much better results . This attachment is the dud of the lot . -LRB- I have a Cuisinart food processor that I have had just as long , ten years or so , using it two or three times a week and just recently bought a new bowl only because there were cracks forming in the original by always washing it in the dishwasher . -RRB- Not having to empty a bowl for a bigger job hardly seems worth the money , and my time is better spent cooking and eating rather than fiddling with this wicked device .
 I purchased the KitchenAid slicer/shredder attachment as a Christmas gift . I have not seem a appliance with so many problems in a long time . There no way to make this thing work without leaning down on the plunger . The blades are not sharp at all.I could not shred a block of cheese without putting my weight into it , how is my wife suspose to do it . I would not recommend this . It must have been manufactured in China .
 I read many reviews before buying this item . My main interest was to shred cheese and I found many reviews talking positive about the ability to shred cheese easily . My wife has carpal tunnel and both of us hate shredding cheese with a manual cheese grater . I bought this item thinking that I would shred cheese in bulk and store in a ziploc bag . I was very excited but lost the excitement after my first attempt . Issue # 1
 I was very disappointed when I removed the blades for this slicer shredder from the dishwasher and found that they had rusted . It was a heated dry cycle that ran overnight , and the items were placed in such a way that the water would drain off . They still all had rust on them . I probably would not have purchased them if they were not billed as being dishwasher safe.KitchenAid RVSA Slicer/Shredder Attachment for Stand Mixers
 I liked the idea of it and was trying to save space on the counter but like others have said , it just turns the food to mush.Every vegetable gets half ground and half slid between the cone blade and the housing . Everything without exception . Celery was the worst . Blades too dull to cut the strings . Came out mushed celery and a huge mess to clean up.I tried the shredding attachment and things came out slices with ridges . What 's that all about?So how does this thing work ? Kitchen aid is n't known for making junk . This has to work for somebody and ca n't just work for extremely hard vegetables.There are zero instructions except the one that everyone else seems to miss about the square hole in the plastic houseing specifically designed to tighten and loosen the cones from the shaft.If you know how this works , please let me know . Ty
 For me this was a horrible purchase . I wanted to be able to slice onions and celery , or other soft vegetables and fruits . This is not a good item for that . If you want to shred cheese or other firm items it works okay to great . After I was disappointed with the onions and celery I tried potatoes since I make homemade chips I was hopeful it would cut down on the work , all it gave me were potatoes that already looked chewed up . I suggest spending the money on a food processor if you want to slice and shred softer items .
 This is the poorest excuse for a slicer/grater I have ever seen ! It simply destroys things like potatoes and carrots . The cones are absolutely not sharp . I did get an e-mail reply from Kitchenaid which suggested that I return them to the place where I purchased them - fat chance when I got them in a set ! They obviously know there is nothing they can do to make this attachment work - which is what I asked about - I thought maybe there was something I was doing wrong . I must say the food grinder works swell and so does the strainer attachment so I do n't feel completely ripped off . Sorry to say I did n't read the reviews here first !!
 Bought as a gift for my wife . She used the slicer cylinder 1 time and it created cucumber mush . Pay attention to the dull blades comments they are correct . Kitchenaid has NOT got this product figured out .
 Blades were no where near sharp . Do n't buy this . It 's the only kitchen aid purchase I 've ever come to regret .
 Bought this attachment with the intention not to invest in a food grater or food processor . The attachment run so slow even in the fastest speed of the mixer . It took 12 minutes to grate 4 carrots and they were basically mushed . I could do not faster with a hand grater . Next time I will spend in a food processor or a hand grater .
 I 've only had this for a few days and have n't tried the shredder yet but as a slicer I 'm rather disappointed in it . I tried it on a couple of relatively firm cucumbers and it did slice them , just not in nice uniform slices like the box shows . Some of the slices were thick on one side , very thin on the other . Others were elongated , more oval than round . The skin of the cucumbers would get caught and pull off and it would more or less just mash the spots where the skin ripped off . All in all , this product is not worth the $ 50 if you buy it individually but if you get it in the meat grinder/pasta maker/slicer 3 pack like I did it 's worth it .
 The cutters on this device are not sharp . The pressure needed to shred food will burn out your mixer .
 I bought this product because of the KitchenAid name . Never again will I buy a KitchenAid product or attachment . Never mind the fact that the blades mash the food rather than slicing it , but the cones are impossible to remove once they are installed and used . I have to use vice grips to remove the cones . On top of that , every time I insert the grinder into my machine I have to pound on it to remove it when I 'm finished using it . A HUGE waste of hard-earned money !!
 Just one word ... Trash!After try to use it 3 times i put it on the trash bag , never more i will use it , thanks lord !!! I love my KitchenAid stand mixer , but the slicer is the worst KitchenAid item i had.Do not lost tome and money .
 We 've had ours for several years now and it is only good at one thing
 Tried this item for chopping carrots and celery . Ended up jamming up the whole thing as the celery wrapped around the cone , and then struggled to get the metal cone out of the machine . Had to take everything apart . Next , realized that the carrots discolored the while coating . I will try it again with potatoes and see if that works better .
 It is not easy to attach and not very good at slicing.Get a real food processor instead .
 READ REVIEWS , TRUST ME ! THE 1 stars are TRUE . the 5 STARS must be reviewing it from 1975 when it was still quality or they are paid hacks.ALL KITCHENAID attachments should be STAINLESS STEEL metal , like the bowl . Like the Pasta attachments!No , good ol' PLASTIC . And good ol' steel coated in a rust proofer coating.This is why the blades are not sharp ! That coating will just come off a thin blade edge , leading to rust after a couple uses!My cheap CHEESE grater is sharper and I have had it 4 years ! And , it is stainless steel !!!! These are BUTTER KNIFE sharp ! I can SEE the flat edge ! Run my hand on it easily . I can not do that on my cheese grater without some worry.What was my first test , and last ?? A cucumber . Just like on the box as the `` perfectly sliced vegetable '' . What did I get using the thin slicer , so I could have sandwich slices ? I got Cucumber PULP !! one whole length of the cucumber was the skin that it could not slice at all , while it mushed the rest!Let alone the diagonal feed ! What do you get , DIAGONAL slices!Back in box , and back to store . I was not going to bother with potatoes . I rarely shred them , But I wanted the SLICER . I could not even imagine a tomato ! LOL
 This is a very poorly designed accessory.As other reviewers already noted , from inferior materials -LRB- NOT stainless steel - it will rust , sooner or later -RRB- to poor performance -LRB- 10-20 % of shredded nuts will end up in chunks , thanks to a large gap between the housing and the blade cups -RRB- In fact , most almonds will just fall through the gap , barely scratched ! Add to that difficult removal process , and you get the picture.A big disappointment from Kitchen Aid .
 This was a gift . It was one of those gifts we should have returned for store credit but my husband , for some reason , wanted to hold on to it . Which is ironic , as we have had it for 2 years now and he has never used it.I have used it to shred carrots , zucchini , cheese , and onion.It did not work for the onion well at ALL . It shaved off large chunks which went all over the place . I detest chopping onions and I thought this would be a quick and easy way to chop up an onion for meatballs but instead I ended up with a huge oniony mess and still had to chop up another onion by hand.Worked well on the cheese - swiss and gruyere -LRB- sp -RRB- - but truthfully I do n't find shredding cheese by hand to be THAT difficult and I only used this that time because we were having people over for fondue and I was running way behind schedule . So it saved time in the shredding but I had more stuff to clean up afterwards , I 'd have been better off planning my time better and having extra time to shred by hand.For the carrots and zucchini - I like to make muffins with these for my son because it 's an awesome way to sneak veggies into a preschooler ;--RRB- . It is very tiresome to finely shred 3 cups -LRB- packed -RRB- of carrots by hand . This makes it much easier ... but it lets a bunch of these big chunks through in the process , too , so you have to go through and pick out the big chunks by hand -LRB- Toddlers notice big chunks -RRB- . Does a better job with the zucchini but still not perfect . Biggest advantage over hand shredding is it seems to make a little less juice since the process is lighter on the squash - but still not recommended unless you are shredding a lot of zucchini.My biggest problem with this device is , well , for the work involved in setting it up and cleaning it , and for the amount of space it takes up in your cupboard , you really might as well get yourself a food processor . It will do more , and probably do it better . This is really pretty much a waste of space and money IMO .
 This review is n't far off from the others
 An avid amateur chef -LRB- and gadget freak -RRB- , deeply in love with my stand-mixer for baking , I thought this seemed like a good idea for our favorite quick salads like grated carrotts and apples etc. . Unfortunately I am not impressed . Unless you make copious amounts of shredded veggies I think you are better off using a regular grating iron . Any time you save cranking stuff through the shredder is quickly lost on clean-up . Get a good grating iron instead , replace it when it gets dull . Be happy . My set is sitting in the back of a cabinet after only a few uses .
 I received this as a promotion for free along with the purchase of a stand mixer . What a disappointment ! After reading the instructions to make sure the slicer cones were dishwasher safe , I washed them only to find they are in fact NOT dishwasher safe . One of them rusted completely , and the rest came out with a few spots of rust here and there . KitchenAid customer service was friendly and responsive . They sent me another one immediately without my having to send the first one back . Without ever getting the new set near water , they are already rusting ! Spots of rust have appeared just from them sitting on my counter next to my mixer . I did n't pay money for these , fortunately . I 'm contacting them to see if I can get the grinder instead . I would n't pay money for this attachment .
 Tried to slice ... did n't work ... tried to shredd cabbage for slaw ... worked barely . Definitely not worth the hassle and clean up .
 The attachment is really just a piece of junk . It does not produce smooth cuts with any of the slicers . Vegetables have rough cuts or are torn . So it is nothing I can use .
 I have a KitchenAid stand mixer -LRB- Pro5 -RRB- that I absolutely love . I bought the slicer/shredder attachment and I 've never been more disappointed in a product . It does not slice . The shredder attachment does a combination of things
 I received the KitchenAid RVSA Slicer/Shredder Attachment for Stand Mixers as a retirement gift and used it for the first time yesterday . Although the idea of it is great , the quality of construction is very poor . The cones themselves have blades that are not sharp enough , and the removable shaft metal finish flaked off into the food !!!! UNACCEPTABLE . As a result , I ended up tossing out tainted zucchini and hand grated it instead . A food processor would do a better job for sure . Also , the shaft is impossible to remove without pliers unless you leave the attachment in the machine before removing the shaft . TERRIBLE PRODUCT .
 Thought this would be a great way to save money on preparing veggies for salads . Not worth the money . Overpriced . It 's made of plastic and the carrots turn the plastic orange . Do n't know how to get rid of the stain . I think my food processor would have done exactly what this contractrapion does . I own the Kitchen Aid stand mixer so that 's why I bought it . BIG MISTAKE .
 The hopper is an improvement & designed well for both wide and narrow items.With fresh crisp vegies I still was not impressed enough to keep the slicing grating kit I purchased & returned for a full refund.New modern slicers & graters should sharp enough to cut ok . My kit did not perform well at all.Light will reflect off a dull cutting edge , it 's as simple as that.A dull cutter will make any electric tool motor work harder than it should.Did I just buy an oddball set of cutters?Nope ! A sales person opened another brand new box and the slicers were dull.The shroud attatchment gets stuck easily in the mixer until it 's inserted and removed a few times . A drop of cooking oil helped that . My grandma would put a drop of cooking oil on the bronze bushing to lubricate & prolong its life.Cutting foods the same length & no taller than the hopper improved performance a little .
 To test my shredder/slicer attachment I tried fine slicing cucumbers . They were a mess of partially sliced and mostly torn apart pieces . The skin got stuck inside the unit , unsliced . The slices were awful.I 'm beyond disappointed but not surprised , really , based on the reviews . I had to try it . Now I 'm sending the whole useless mess back . I 'll go back to my trusty mandoline and my box grater . Lesson learned.KitchenAid RVSA Slicer/Shredder Attachment for Stand Mixers
 the kitchen aid slicer/shredder is a really poor appliance.I gave away my old one which worked great for over 35 years and boughtthe new one . The cones are not sharp enough to do anything but beat something upif you can add enough pressure to force it against the blade . You need to be tall enough to dealwith the fact that the very aggravating part used to press the vegetable -LRB- or cheese -RRB- is in 2 partsand very uncomfortable for someone who is not tall.You must press very hard to get a result which is then going to be bruised more thansliced or shredded.If you can find and old one at a garage sale `` better snap it up '' . I will be looking for one .
 Bought this to replace a cracked shredder attachment after many years of use . The attachment works fine but was disappointed with the cutting blade quality . Washed and left out to dry and they showed signs of rust the next day prior to use . They look inferior to our originals , slightly darker color stainless . Have never seen rust on the original ones in about 20 years . Looks like they have cut quality of the material for the cutting blades . We are still using the originals .
 I really wanted this to do a nice job of grading cheese or making hash browns . it takes such a small scratch that your left with rather fine shavings rather than what you would expect . The sclicing part works fine . It 's also a bit high off the counter when you start processing stuff . I was disapointed when i used it . would rather have spent the money getting something that worked .
 I initially had high hopes for this product , especially since it 's a Kitchenaid . I wanted this , instead of using my food processor , when shredding and slicing large volumes of produce , without having to empty the bowl so often , which I have to do with my food processor . I shred 12 to 14 pounds of cabbage , at a time , to make raw fermented sauerkraut , but I was n't able to even manage doing one half of a cabbage without all the cabbage sticking in the fine shredder disc and jamming , without ejecting any food . The concept of this item is good , but the quality is beyond poor . The blades are n't even stainless steel . Kitchenaid better make better quality accessories , or their reputation will really go down the toilet . I 'm returning this product in the morning.Stick with your food processors , folks , and pass up this junk .
 Customer Service Manager , I bought the KitchenAid RVSA Slicer/Shredder Attachment for Stand Mixers for our daughter as a Christmas gift . It should have 4 different attachments , instead two of the attachments were the same , this is a quality issue wrt your quality control , you should have complaint this issue to the manufacture -LRB- KitchenAid -RRB- . Our daughter does not live in United State , we 've shipped to them last Christmas , it would cost us more in postage if we have to ship back and forth between 2 country.KitchenAid RVSA Slicer/Shredder Attachment for Stand MixersRegards ,
 I ca n't believe how poorly this attachment works . I love my stand mixer and use it all the time to make bread . The other day I decided to use the shredder attachment to shred some cheese for the pizza I was making . My goodness it took a long time to shred ! I tried different blades and they all seemed like they were dull or something . My wife came in and asked what I was doing . She said she had the same problem trying to shred beats for borscht . The blades just do n't seem to want to shred . Maybe mine are dull or something but I really ca n't recomment this product to anyone . Get a good hand shreader for a few bucks and save yourself the hassle .
 The instructions that come with the rotor slicer/shredder state that the number 4 slicer attachment can be used to slice cucumbers to pickle , so I tried that with one cucumber ; not only were they sliced too thin to be pickled but they were also sliced unevenly and basically mutilated . So then I tried to use the number 6 `` thick slicer '' thinking that attachment would work , but it does n't really slice any thicker and actually just caught the cucumber skin under the blade and mushed my cucumbers . I ended up not having enough food to properly pickle and wasted $ 20 worth of food . I have never been so disappointed in a Kitchenaid brand item before . Do not waste your money on this attachment if you want to slice things , you will simply end up having to slice your veggies yourself anyways .
 I just got this item , but I do n't like it . I love my mixer , but skip this . It is difficult to assemble/disassemble . It is messy and spatters what you are shredding . I am hoping it will be good at slicing something , I do n't know yet . Overall , it is much quicker and easier to use a cutting board and a knife . Save your money !
 I was given this product for my birthday a couple months ago . I was so excited to have this accessory because I thought it was going to save a lot of time -LRB- especially with making salads -RRB- . To my disappointment , this is not an accessory Kitchen Aid should promote . The blades are incredibly dull . When feeding any food product through the mechanize -LRB- veggies or cheese -RRB- , the food comes out and around the cone . What food does get sliced or shredded does not look the way normal slices or shredded food items should appear . I am incredibly disappointed , and I will be returning this item tomorrow to the store where it was purchased ... such poor quality for a Kitchen Aid product !
 Why ca n't they design good products ? 1 . The sides of the attachment are so short that when you grate at high speed , the food just flies everywhere . If you grate at lower speed , it really does not do a good job , plus it takes much longer . Beware
 In my RVSA -LRB- and all the others that I 've looked at in stores -RRB- the blades have been inconsistently dull -LRB- never remotely sharp , just some more dull than others , even on the same cone -RRB- and inconsistently offset from the cone so they cut or grate inconsistently . Since they are so dull , they only work on certain firm foods . If this aspect were fixed I would recommend this product wholeheartedly . Until then If you still want something like this I highly recommend the KitchenAid DVSA which uses KitchenAid food processor discs but was discontinued in 1999 . They can still be found used or even new on KA 's ebay store . The DVSA works far better and on a greater variety of foods .
 Used the slicer attachment to grind up cabbage for sauerkraut . I cut the cabbage into 32 pieces and fed these in . It worked for several heads of cabbage . But then it started skipping and jamming . Bottom line
 Ok , so I do n't actually own this product , but I 'd been wanting to get it for some time . Then I read the numerous reviews/complaints about it . Among them , however , I have yet to read the following suggestion
 I ORDERED THIS FOR A CHRISTMAS GIFT . WE USED IT THE DAY AFTER CHRISTMAS AND ALL IT DID WAS MAKE NOISE AND EVEN STALLED THE MIXER . THE METAL SHAFT WAS WEARING AND DRAGGING BAD WHERE IT WENT THROUGH THE SHREDDER HOUSING.TRYED TO LUBE WITH COOKING OIL AND THE SHAFT TURNED BLACK WITH METAL CHIPS.WE WERE DOING POTATO 'S AND WITH THE COURSE SLICER AND IT CHIPPED THEM REALLY THIN AND MADE A MESS OUT OF THEM.NOT HAPPY AT ALL . REALLY BAD ATTACHMENT . SENT BACK .
 I bought this item hoping for an easy add-on to my mixer that would take the place of my old salad shooter . I tried to use it to shred cheese , slice radishes , and shred cabbage , and I am disappointed with the results for all three . The cabbage and radishes were made into mush by the dull slicing blade , and the cheese came out with a weird dark metal residue . The blades are awkward and dangerous to change out ; I used a double-wrapped towel around my hand but I still cut myself . Buyer beware - this product is a waste of money .
 This shredder will not shred cabbage . The leaves get stuck in the side , or get stuck in the hopper . When the cabbage finally makes it to the blades , the blades are not sharp enough to shred the cabbage and just mushes them in to goo . I 'm returning it .
 My first roto slice shredder housing cracked where the plastic is attached to the shredder . I really enjoy the product so I figured I must have done something wrong and went out and purchased a second one . After using the new unit to shred room temperature cheese I noticed the same crack forming . I called Kitchenaid and was told that since the item was more than a year old nothing could be done . I also have the same stress cracks in my meat grinder attachement . There is obviously some sort of flaw in the cheap plastic used to form these . If you look on EBAY you will see that they were made of all metal construction in the past.I would not recommend this to my worst enemy . Total waste of money . Especially when the company will not stand behind their product .
 This attachment did not preform to the expectations I had been hoping for being made by KitchenAid , it mashed and tore at the sliced potatoes I was attempting to slice up . The cutting blades are very dull and being new these blades should have been razor sharpe .
 Honestly , if I had known ahead about this attachment I would not have bought it . It is hard to use it jams , the hook in the back does n't want to catch . When vegetables is being chopped up , its real juicy and gets all over the place . Must be really carefull on the clean up . Just do n't recommend this .
 I received this shredder for Christmas -LRB- it was the only attachment I really , really wanted -RRB- for my stand mixer , which I think is the greatest thing since sliced bread ... unfortunately I am so disappointed in this product that I am returning it . Not only that , I am actually extremely ticked off at Kitchenaid for putting out such poor quality ! To keep this review clean , I wo n't mention my real feelings and vocabulary ... The first problem I had was that I could not get the shaft attached to the disc without having my husband `` muscle '' it into place . The metal rubbed against each other and I could see areas where it was scuffed just because of trying to put the pieces together . Then things just got worse . I tried slicing a yellow squash and it came out ragged and mushy . The squash was very firm and cold , so I was certain it qualified as a `` hard vegetable '' as stated on the box . Thinking I had picked the wrong size slicer , I tried it with another disc , which I had to have my husband remove from the shaft using a crescent wrench since it was impossible for either of us to remove by hand . I tried another disc with the same result , what was n't mushed was ragged and ugly , definitely not what it looked like on the box ! So , I tried a potato ... which came out looking like I tried slicing it with a pair of dull dentures . Not my idea of a good product , but I was reluctant to complain since it was a gift from my husband and dang it , I really , really wanted it!What drove me over the edge was when I rinsed the discs and left them to air dry ... about 2 hours later , I found RUST on the discs ! How is that possible from a Kitchenaid product ?! That was the last straw ... I apologized to my husband for having to return a gift , gathered the receipt and headed to the store.DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS ! KITCHENAID REALLY SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF THIS PRODUCT . THIS IS NOT WHAT I HAVE COME TO EXPECT FROM THEM AND IT DISAPPOINTS ME THAT I HAVE BEEN TALKING UP THEIR PRODUCTS FOR THE LAST YEAR !
 This is faster than trying to slice large quanities of veggies with a knife , but poorly made . I agree 100 % ! with the 1 star review by Steve `` SRG '' ! If you are thinking of buying this read his review first . A neighbor had just bought this so I got to try hers first , thank goodness ! Does n't work well at all . Blades are n't sharp and are already starting to rust on hers . I would only use this if I were trying to slice 10 or 15 pounds of cucumbers for pickling or some other major slices endeavor .
 Nota Bene : I have tried to contact Kitchen-Aid for over a month , wrote 4 EM via the KitchenAid customer support Website , and beside their promise to answer within 3 business day , I have yet to hear from them.I 'm truly disappointed with their customer support and the RSVA.Kitchen-Hell
 Tried a couple of times to use this attachment and each time ended up slicing and shredding by hand . The construction allows the shredded or sliced food to jam between the outter casing and the drum creating a huge mess and a lot of frustration . I own a few KitchenAid attachments and love them . But this one is staying in the box .
 The slicer will slice when the material is VERY firm -LRB- frozen vegetables -RRB- or hard cheeses , firm cucumbers and zuccinis , howver , do not even try to make cole slaw . The blades are DULL . A call to Kitchen Aid service dept. was unsatisfactory inthat they told me the cones wre designed to NOT be sharp and only designed to cut very firm fruit and vegetables.That 's not exactly what it said on the box . I had to buy a food processor to slice/dice softer vegetables and it was not a Kitchen Aid .
 We tried these out the first day we received them and all it did was make a huge mess . Anything we tried to cut or shred just ended up a mushed up mess . I did read on the instructions that if you put the stuff in the freezer and get it a cold enough where it is hard then it performs better but I do n't have time for all of that . You would think with it being `` Kitchen Aid '' brand it would be built a little better .
 The slicers and shredders are dull . It 's only useful for thick potato cuts and probably grinding cheese . Other than those two things , it 's a pice of junk . They also rust immediately after being washed .
 Ordered from Amazon , which was great.When I opened it up , I found that the blades were not sharp at all . I was able to run my finger across the blades without cutting my skin . I returned it to BB&B ; -LRB- even though I did n't buy it there -RRB- . When I exchanged it , I found that the new one had dull blades as well . I ended up getting store credit and not the slicer.I do n't know why they would sell un-sharpened blades . If I can find one with proper blades , I would be happy to have it . But this is n't worth getting , as it is .
 First off the quality control , if a company is going to MSRP an accessories kit at $ 50 they need to make certain they are putting out a quality product to justify the price ... I received a kit with two slice wheels that are identical , a crinkle cut slice wheel -LRB- this may be meant to be the large shredder but if so it was badly miss cut in the manufacturing process -RRB- , and a fine shred wheel ; The description states the kit comes with thin and thick slice as well as fine and coarse shred.As others have stated , the cones/wheels are not stainless steel , they look somewhat dirty all the time due to the poor and somewhat dull coating on them . Also as stated by others since they are not stainless you ca n't sharpen the blades if needed and they will eventually rust.Additionally to me the design is a little flawed in that the space surrounding the cones is much larger than it needs to be , this makes for either a lot of waste or a lot of finishing off with a knife . Personally I bought this kit to save time , not spend time gathering and cutting up ends with a knife and as for waste I simply do n't find it acceptable to have a 1/3rd of an inch thick slice of whatever I am working on go to waste .
 My original mixer and attachments were from the late 80 's and has worked perfectly for years . We bought this kit when the plastic housing on my original set cracked . So instead of searching for a used one on ebay , I decided to just by a brand new one since I use my attachments frequently -LRB- about once a week -RRB- . I am very displeased with the overall quality of this set . The plastic housing is thinner material than my original , so I have no doubt it too will crack . But the worst part is the blades . I use the small shredder and the disc slicer regularly and when I tried these out , they were so dull that they did n't cut my vegetables as much as `` chew '' them up . I am very disappointed with kitchenaid or whoever bothers to manufacture this product .
 I tried to shred some almonds - parts of the almonds are shredded however about 50 % falls out next to the grinder blade in larger and smaller almond bits . Very messy and disappointing .
 The so-called cutting edges on the attachments are as dull as can be . They do not cut veges , they club them to death . The hopper for putting veges in has a lot of slack , and the item to slice or grate can slip around and avoid being cut at all . I returned this item the day after I bought it . I 'm sticking with my inexpensive food processor for cutting chores !
 As with most things `` Kitchen Aid '' the quality these days is FAR inferior to their products during the glory days of the brand 's HOBART origins.Sad , but the company seems much more interested in offering mixers in lots of pretty colors than in maintaining high standards.Is there no company in the world making quality products for the kitchen anymore?I 'll PAY for high quality ... really ! -LRB- Yes , I 've already asked Santa for the Hobart N50 . -RRB-
 This attachment does not fit properly in my machine . The shaft is too long to lock it in place . Rather than going through the trouble of returning it , I think my husband can make it work but it 's super frustrating . I had also hoped that one of the inserts would produce a slightly larger end product . It slices a little too thin for soups , which was my primary reason for buying.Amazon handled the order well , and it shipped super fast . I think it was on my doorstep within 24hrs and it was the week of Christmas ! I did not pay extra for expedited shipping . Thanks amazon .
 When I used the slicer , it sure did not work on carrots . It did work well on shredding cheese.Getting the silly thing put together and then , ugh , taking it apart was difficult for me . I am 64 and my hands are not as strong as they used to be . Maybe this would not be a problem for a younger person . I would not spend the money if I knew when I bought it what I know now .
 I 've used this only once to shred cabbage . It did a great job of making tiny shreds , but the unit and cone was so hard for me to attach and I do n't think it 's very safe . At least , I 'm not very comfortable using it . I love my kitchenaid artisan stand mixer , but do n't think I 'll be buying any more of the attachments when there are so many other products that are less expensive and look to be easier to use . I 'll probably sell this attachment set and get a mandolin .
 An utterly worthless product . This device was incapable of slicing anything , and the shredder attachment was able to shred about 2 cups of carrots before jamming , bending the drive shaft , and causing an alarming click in the drive of the mixer itself . KitchenAid support was great ; sent me a new mixer right away . They offered to replace the shredder , but I told them not to bother , and returned mine to the store to get my money back.If you 're looking for a slicer/shredder , you 're better off with the KitchenAid food processor . I picked up one of those and could n't be more thrilled .
 I do n't know what happened to my previous review . I had rated it 3 stars , because I had the product for a year , then it stopped working.Something about how the metals expand or something when they get heated up by the rotation changes the metal bar part . You end up with deep grooves , or stuck pieces , or then the bar wo n't fit in the unit at all.I did call Kitchen aid , they replaced the whole set , even though all I needed was the bar piece . Which is why I gave them 3 stars because of customer service.But it 's been less then a year and now the replacement set is no longer working right . The first set , perhaps I was a little harsh with it , shredding potatoes in it once a month or so , so with the newer unit , I made sure I was only shredding cheese in it once or twice a month , does n't matter , it 's crap . They need to use some sort of metal that does n't change with high temperatures.So yeah , at this point , I am going to invest in a food processor of some sort .
 The juicer splatters juice everywhere near it . The little pulp strainer constantly falls off into the juice . It is an ergonomic disaster , since you have to bend your wrist up , push forward , and resist the machine . We 're getting a separate juicer and ditching this disaster .
 Ever tried to push citrus against the machine ? It does not work . My friends let me try theirs , even ofer it to me as they do not use it and I had to agree with them ,
 This product is such a pain to use that you 'll be back to using your old hand reamer in no time . The juice drips down your arm because it mounts on the front of the machine pointing down . How hard would it have been to create an angle other than 180 degrees ? It also leaves a mess on the counter beneath it of pulp and splashed juice . Pretty useless as inventions go .
 For a company with great products , this one is a flop . It does a great job of getting the juice out of the fruit but a lousy job of collecting the juice . I could not recommend this .
 I am going to return my juicer attachment because it did n't work well . Because you 're pushing the orange onto the juicer sidewise , I had juice run down my hand , wrist , arm ! Yuck ! The pulp catcher filled up after 11/2 oranges and then had to be cleared or the juice would overflow . Yes , the mixer motor is strong enough for the job - but the design of the juicer attachment just does n't work well .
 ways to juice ! Was excited about this attachment , but found it awkward to use . Slow and juice will run down your arm unless you hold the citus just right . For large amounts found myself cleaning strainer quite often before I could proceed with juicing process , can do large amount of juice with my other juicer without pausing . Used this a few times but found my small electric juice was quicker . IMHO better to put your money with a better juicer . Will give away this attachement to anyone who wants to try it !!
 This juicer worked well the first time I used it , but I just used it for the second time and it is broken ! Aside from the shaft that fits into the mixer , the entire unit is made of plastic . The `` pin '' that slides in near the thumb screw is also made of plastic . I do n't understand why it it not metal because that little nub of plastic is the only thing that holds the outside juicer attachment in place . Mine just sheared completely off during the 2nd use . When this happened the entire juicer attachment began spinning around throwing pulp and juice everywhere . I LOVE my kitchenaid mixer , but I am extremely disappointed with the design of this product .
 We were very anxious to get our juicer attachment . I should come with a catchers mask for the user ! Splashes everywhere and drips all over .
 The Kitchenaid juicer was not in stock and the order was cancelled.Purchase price was refunded -LRB- after waiting six days for delivery -RRB- .
 Everything that the other reviewers have said is true .
 This item is poorly designed for handling liquids , unless you like the idea of the extracted juice going all over your countertop . Because it operates in a horizontal manner , the liquids coming from the fruit drip straight down with a lot of the juice missing the collection tray altogether .
 I am very disappointed in the KitchenAid Citrus Juicer Attachment . It is easy to assemble and clean , but the juicing process is very inefficient . I have juice running down my arm because of the angle the orange has to be held against the reamer . In order to maintain adequate pressure on the fruit to maximize juice extraction , the mixer has to be held in place with the other hand . The juicing process is way too slow -- I can hand squeeze almost as fast . The design of the juicer does not seem to take advantage of the power of the machine .
 First let me say that this is not shown as an Amazon-certified review ; I bought this attachment at a local Macy 's . If you check my other reviews here on Amazon , you 'll be assured that I am not anybody 's shill and have no axe to grind.I like the idea of using one motor for multiple tasks , and I have been very pleased with the meat grinder attachment for my KitchenAid mixer , so when my old electric juicer died after a good , long life , I decided to buy the KitchenAid juicer attachment . We live in South Florida and when we have fruit to juice , we have LOTS , and we freeze the juice to use year-round . First let me say that the vertical orientation , necessary because it is attached to the mixer , is messy and awkward . To avoid juice running down your arms is difficult , and the seeds go everywhere , however careful you might be . In brief , it is no fun to use . Furthermore , the reamer in this juicer is not shaped like the hand juicer I own , nor like the electric juicer the KitchenAid attachment was meant to replace . The shape of this reamer does n't do nearly as good a job on citrus as the others I have used . Also the reamer only reams in one direction , which makes it far less effective than juicers whose reamers reverse.After one miserable day using this attachment , I went out and bought a little twenty-dollar Oster juicer that works just fine .
 We love our mixer and bought the juicer attachment because it would take up less storage space than the other citrus juicers . That and the mixer 's powerful motor are the good parts about getting this attachment.The bad part is that you must push horizontally to juice the citrus . This has three bad consequences :1 . If you push hard , the mixer will move away . You need to hold onto the mixer with one hand to keep if from moving while you are juicing2 . The juice wants to flow downhill . If your hand is not above the orange or lemon , some of the juice will dribble down your hand and arm . It gets messy pretty quickly .3 . As the juice comes out , some splatters . The attachment is only about two inches deep , so that splatter ends up on the counter . Because of the splatter , juicing into a glass does n't work well.As others have commented , the strainer fills rather quickly.Hopefully the attachment will last a long time , although it does feel a little flimsy compared to other KitchenAid attachments . If it does break , I 'd buy the Braun MPZ22 juicer next time . My parents -LRB- who have orange and lemon trees -RRB- have one and I liked it much better . The Braun is one of the few juicers that juices right into your glass . Pushing down instead of horizontally to juice the orange or lemon is easier , and a lot less messy .
 I bought the KitchenAid juicer attachment because I thought it would make sense to use the wonderful KitchenAid machine to juice citrus fruit rather than buying a dedicated juicer . There are , however , two significant problems with this attachment :1 . The juice runs down your hand and arm and splatters more than in should .2 . You can only juice 1-2 oranges before the pulp strainer is full.I think the second complaint is the more serious of the two . Last night I juiced 8 oranges . I bet it took me at least 1/2 an hour , due to being required to clean the strainer after almost every orange.I am planning to return the attachment and purchase something a little more heavy-duty and dedicated .
 I received this mixer for a Christmas gift . The second time I used it the wire on one of the beaters came loose from the end of the beater . Now , after using occasionally for months , the entire wire on the beater broke completely off . I only have one beater now ! KitchenAid customer service was not helpful - they told me I could buy a new set of beaters for $ 14.99 plus $ 6.95 shipping . We did not pay $ 69.99 for a mixer to have to replace the beaters for $ 21.94 . I now own a useless product . I thought KitchenAid was a quality brand , I now know it is NOT !
 I purchased this item along with the KitchenAid dough hooks . The third time I used it , I was making bread and the mixer BLEW-UP . The motor stopped , smoke and sparks shot out of the front vents and it stunk up the kitchen . The vendor courtesy accepted the mixer back for a full refund . Next time , I 'll specify that I want the NON-EXPLODING version .
 I ordered this mixer to replace an old GE -LRB- when I say old , I mean about 25 years old -RRB- . I selected it because it had seven speeds and the option to add bread hooks -LRB- which I also purchased -RRB- . The mixer was a total disappointment . The top speed on this mixer is not as fast or as powerful as my 25 year old GE mixer . At its highest speed it had trouble with a banana bread dough , it would never be able to handle bread dough.I cleaned it and packed it up and returned it to Amazon .
 We 've had this mixer for 5 years and have used it maybe a dozen times -LRB- I usually use our stand mixer for making cookies & such -RRB- . Over the 4th of July , one of the tines on the beater broke free while making meringue for a lemon pie . When you look close at the beaters , you can see that the tines are held together with spot-welds . This beater broke free at the spot-weld while whipping eggs ! Figuring we just had a defective beater , I called Kitchen Aide and told them it broke free while simply whipping eggs - it 's not like I was mixing comcrete with it -LRB- her snide response `` Are you sure ? '' did n't help the situation -RRB- . She happily told me I could buy some new beaters for $ 15 -LRB- + $ 10 shipping -RRB- . Okay , even though the mixer was hardly used and did n't break from regular use but from a defect , it was 5-years old . So , I got some new beaters . First night , I decided to test them by using them to make cookies instead of using our stand mixer . Surpise , surprise , they broke in exactly the same way !!! Because of this problem & additional problems with our Kitchen Aide toaster , we 're never buying Kitchen Aide again -LRB- why pay premium prices if you get substandard products ? -RRB- .
 I bought this for the time when you just do n't need/want to use the stand mixer - or when you need another mixer for a complicated baking project . I have had it several years but only used it THREE times . The motor died - it just wo n't work . No sound - no spin - nothing . Of course it is past the warranty . -LSB- sigh -RSB-
 This Kitchenaid mixer looks great , works flawlessly , but really underperforms . It 's a seven-speed model , but I had to switch to another standup mixer to whip cream because the Kitchenaid hand mixer just was n't fast or powerful enough . A real disappointment ...
 It pains me to say this is a piece of KA junk . It has very poor power ability . After owning it for about 6 months & not using it for anything more strenuous than whipping cream or egg whites maybe twice per month ... it started losing its electronic marbles ! It changes speeds on its own & even goes to speed 9 - which is n't supposed to exist on this model !! It takes much longer to whip up whites/cream than my old Krupps model -LRB- that one still works like a champ after 18 years !! - this KA was a `` gift '' -RRB- . It does still run but I 'm shopping for another - and it wo n't be KA . KA has really cheaped-out these past few years & they are running on the cache of their name ... which wo n't exist much longer at this rate !
 I 've been using this mixer about 3-4 times a month for about 2 years . Recently , it began making an extremely loud and annoying rattling/squeaking noise . Called KA in MI , out of warranty . -LRB- It was purchased in 2008 and received as a gift in 2010 -RRB- When I opened it up to see if I could refurbish the -LRB- cheap plastic -RRB- gears , I discovered that the filterless fan that cools the motor sucks whatever dry ingredients you 're mixing that aerosolize into the front of the device and blows it all over the exposed internal parts . Plastic gear was worn where it constantly rotates against the metal frame . I really expected it to last until at least the beater eject button stopped working . -LRB- like so many others here have mentioned -RRB- I had a similar experience with a KHB25610B 5-Speed Immersion Blender . Cheap plastic part on whisk attachment snapped.I 'm entirely through with KitchenAid .
 I bought this product because of the great reviews . My wife uses it infrequently but I like quality . It is very nice . It is very strong . It is very quite . In fact it is now silent . It is very broke . The first unit was returned for a replacement because it was noisy after about 1 month . The second unit died after about 5 uses . Since it was over the warranty I got no satisfaction from Kitchenaid - I replaced a part in the electronics and thought I had it working , but there is something else going on . My wife was skeptical for the cost of it , now she wants her trusty $ 15 . unit . Everything in our kitchen seems to be turning into a Cuisinart . Need a kayak anchor , buy this . Though it probably wo n't even work for that .
 After years of burning out cheap mixers I upgraded from the $ . . specials to the kitchen aid 7 speed . I thought I would never need another hand held . Wrong . The lock on 1 beater broke after fewer than one dozen uses . I admit to abusing my cheap mixers , mixing plaster of paris and mud pies , but my only problem was having the motor sieze . When I spent major bucks for a mixer my reckless mixing days ended . I swear I only made cookies and cake batter , nothing that should cause the beater holder to break . I am very disappointed with the quality of this product . Having had both , I recomend any cheapo over this one .
 I 've enjoyed KitchenAid products for years so I was very interested in having the KHM7T replace my old lower-powered 5-speed KHM5DH . Amazon describes the KHM7T as having a 1.6 ampere motor rated at 200 watts . -LRB- Actually this should be more like 192 watts at 120 volts AC , but who 's quibbling ? -RRB- Imagine my disappointment when it arrived and proved to have only a 0.6 amp motor which rates no better than 72 watts . That 's no better than my KHM5DH . I told KitchenAid of Amazon 's error . As the KHM7T is sold nationally the error will occur regardless of where it is sold . Otherwise a different model number would be required.There was no problem returning it for a full refund.An August , 2011 update . Amazon.com still describes this mixer as havinga motor rated at 1.6 amps . This is a blatantly inaccurate descriptionconsidering the unit I received . Do n't believe everything Amazon.com tellsyou . The Amazon blurb should have been corrected years ago .
 This little wonder lasted about six uses before the motor died . Whipping cream , mixing a light batter -- that was all that was ever asked of it . In the middle of a simple recipe , after runing no more than five minutes , with intervals between each minute of mixing , it failed
 In spite of all the positive comments for this mixer , it is designed to be unrepairable when it fails.We have used ours for 10 + years , but now the mixer unit wo n't hold the beaters . It is still functional otherwise , but is constructed so that nothing short of a small explosion or a secret latch would allow you gain access to the internal workings for repairs.I know , I know , you 'll tell me not to expect more from a modern appliance , and that the case is designed to be waterproof , etc. . But the fact remains that two pounds of motor and polymer are now useless due the failure of one small plastic part . Consequently , we 'll look elsewhere for a replacement .
 Like another reviewer , I ordered the `` Ultra Power Plus '' which is described on the website as a 1.6 amp mixer only to receive a .6 amp mixer . While I 'm sure this is a fine mixer , it was n't the product described . I sent it back for a replacement with the detailed description of the mixup . I subsequently recevied a replacement mixer that was identical to the first . -LRB- FYI , the label noting the amperage is on a sticker located on the bottom of the mixer . It is not noted on any of the packaging . -RRB- After the 2nd error I ultimately spoke to an Amazon rep and she suspected that the wrong product was in the warehouse . Her suggestion was that I order a different mixer since I did n't have the time to wait for the corrective action at the warehouse.I ultimately ordered a Cuisinart HM-50 and it is fine.I have very high respect for Kitchen Aid products and I 'm sure the .6 amp mixer is fine ... but not the power that I wanted or was advertised . Since the other reviewer who had the same problem was also from New England , this may be unique to the Amazon distribution center that services this area ...
 I was in the middle of doing a wedding cake , 3 batches of buttercream and more to go and the gears start to grind . Had to go back to using my Kitchen Aid Stand mixer and a $ 10.00 toast master I 'd used for 6 years . I do like the design and the digital read out of the speeds , as well as the sensitivity of the speed increments . Quality control awful .
 Amazon lists the country of manufacture as the USA . The information is false . I called to confirm and discovered that Kitchen Aid manufactures this product in China , a country that floods the world market with products manufactured in forced labor camps . Moreover , given the cost of labor in China , it seems that Kitchen Aid charges a PREMIUM for this product . Braun , on the other hand , manufactures their hand mixers in Spain -- a country with laws against slave labor .
 I was going to buy the KitchenAid hand mixer , because I have always found their products to be top-of-the-line . But ... After studying the box , and the display model ... the wattage is nowhere to be found . Not even on the KitchenAid website could I find out how many watts of power this little mixer had . All -LRB- and I do mean ALL -RRB- of the other mixers for sale had their wattage displayed ... but not KitchenAid . Why not ? Why do n't they want us to know how powerful it is ? In the end , I wound up buying another brand of hand mixer - one who told me the wattage .
 Kitchenaid should be embarrassed ! This grinder simply does n't work . The meat does n't feed through well . The meat jams up and you have to take the entire thing apart every few minutes . It took me over 1/2 hour to grind up 1 pound of chicken tonight . Aargh ! This product is cheap , cheap , cheap . Kitchenaid 's reputation is suspect now .
 This attachment is disappointingly small and it takes an inordinate amount of time to grind an appreciable amount of anything.The construction is very lightweight and I do n't expect it to last too long .
 This is not worth the trouble . The thing keeps getting clogged up . I ground up one round roast with it , this roast had no fat on it , but I had to take apart three times to clean . dont buy , save your money and get real meat grinder at bass pro or cabelas .
 This attachment did not work for us , it clogged and we had to switch to a manual grinder to finish our sausages . And yes , we had our meat really really cold .
 I am really disappointed in the blade of the grinder . It was dull when I first used it and the sinew of the meat wound up in the blade causing it to clog and not cut the meat . I sharpened the blade with a Tool and Cutter Grinder that Machinists use for sharpening metal cutting tools . It worked for a while but then went dull again . Really poor design and garbage blade materials . The Norpro Meat Grinder is a hand grinder and yet easier to use because the blades are a great design for the price .
 The grinder works and does what it should , grind meat . But for it to do its work properly , a lot of preparation and adjusting is needed.The ring that screws on the front -LRB- it holds down the cutting disk and blade onto the axle -RRB- has one big problem . If you screw it on too tight -LRB- hand tight is too tight -RRB- , the axle will grind into the cutting disk and produce a silvery powder that goes into your meat , not healthy . Not to mention that it will quickly overload the motor on your KitchenAid . If you screw it on too loose , the cutting blade will not be close enough to the cutting disk and this means that it will be producing mush rather than ground meat.And before you can process the meat , you have to trim it of any sinew/silverskin/etc . -LRB- this is not mentioned in the manual -RRB- otherwise it 'll immediately clog up the cutting assembly and jam up . Then you have to cut it into thin and long strips . Given the amount of work needed , it seems you would be better off using a knife to chop it finely or using a food processor to do a coarse cut .
 After about 3 months of use , I noticed a small crack on the plastic . It is located right where you attach the grinder to the mixer . I ca n't return it because I throw away the packaging . It is a nice product if it does n't break down .
 I was so excited to get this product and start making my own ground meat . The problem is that the connective tissue in the meat is getting stuck on the blade . I even had the meat half frozen like it suggested and it still got bound up . I started out with the largest size hole plate and no luck . I am so frustrated in the time it takes to clean it off just and get it going again . I know you are supposed to be able to put shoulder in the grinder . The only thing I can grind with this is very lean meat . Well that leaves out sausage making . I am looking for a better one . This one is garbage .
 I purchased this grinder to go with our new KitchenAid mixer , intending to replace a very old Oster Kitchen Center . I 've been grinding pork for sausage and beef for burgers for several years , mostly for sanitary reasons and to control the fat content . My first attempt at grinding beef with the KitchenAid was a disaster . In about a minute the holes plugged up and white stringy cartilage wrapped around the cutter blade . The meat inside was then turned into mush . I cleaned it out and tried again with the same results . So , I set up the old Oster and completed the grinding job without a hitch . At the end I put all the stuff that I had removed from the clogged up KitchenAid and fed it into the Oster , which ground it up easily.The problem with the KitchenAid is the cutter blade itself . It is very thin and probably flexible enough that it will not stand up to tougher material . I called the KitchenAid help line and was told that I should partially freeze the meat before grinding . I have decided to return this grinder and to continue using my antique Oster instead of freezing strips of beef prior to grinding .
 I had borrowed my sisters food grinder and loved it . It worked like a dream without any issues . When I received my grinder from Amazon I was so excited to grind some beef for burger . The meat was cut in small chunks and partially frozen . I was shocked to see tiny particles on my meat after grinding . I took the appliance apart and tried again . Again small pieces of metal and some grease . After going back to Amazon reviews I see several people have had the same problem . I am returning the grinder . I do not feel this is a Amazon issue but rather a Kitchenaid problem . Very disappointed . Wish I had read more recent reviews . The problem did n't seem to exist several years ago . The cutting blade on this grinder is paper thin compared to my sisters which is about 8 years old . My sisters is also heavier .
 I bought this grinder based on Kitchenaid 's reputation and my happiness with the pasta maker attachment . This grinder is awful . I tried grinding meat for meatloaf , was meticulous in trimming meat of most fat and used very cold -LRB- but not frozen -RRB- meat . After a minute , the meat began to look like pate . It was mush . I pulled the grinder apart and found the meat all stuck in the holes of the grinder . I then tried the coarse blade . Same thing , I had to clean the grinder often and I do not like the quality of the grind . The manual said to put it through twice so I took what I did with the coarse blade to put it through a second time . If I wanted to make a meat mousse it would have been perfect . I hate this grinder and would never recommend it .
 Wish you could see the picture of gray gook on the turkey breast meat , but it could not upload here . Towards the end of grinding one pound cubed meat , it no longer came out thru the holes on the metal plate , instead it oozed between the screw-on ring and metal plate , with the gray -LRB- oil or metal shavings ? -RRB- . Although the turkey was very lean and well trimmed , any sinew present wrapped around the blade so that it no longer sliced well . The only reason for this purchase is because I used one at a friend 's house and it was perfect . However , that model was 20ish years old so obviously the new Food Grinders are being produced with inferior modifications .
 The Meat grinder now ships without the wooden pusher tool shown in the picture for the item -- definitely a shady practice . After complaint , Amazon is unable to list or check the contents of the item before shipment -- definitely inconvenient and ... JMKitchenAid FGA Food Grinder Attachment for Stand Mixers
 Got it yesterday and tested it with about a pound and a half of pork butt . The best thing that I could say about it is that it is possible to grind a pound of ground meat as long as you have two people and at least an hour to spare.It took 40 minutes to grind it and we had to take it apart and clean it three times . Any silver skin , tendon or fat immediately clogs the grinder.Even with already ground meat , it is excruciatingly slow.It would be one thing if it came free with the Kitchen Aid . It does not.We also got the black grease in the meat that has been often commented on . Finally , we can hear the motor straining and I 'm quite sure that if we were to grind another five pounds of meat it would burn the motor out.The cutter is not sharp , at all . It 's a joke actually . Ditto for the stomper.Poor design , poor materials and poor ergonomics.Returning it today . We will buy a dedicated grinder .
 I have used an old-fashioned cast-iron tinplated manual -LRB- hand-cranked -RRB- meat grinder for years , but recently decided to try the KitchenAid -LRB- KA -RRB- meat grinder attachment . In my experience , there is just no comparison to the old-fashioned way.I say that for several reasons . First , the KA grinding knife is half the size of my # 10 manual knife . Second , the KA grinding plates are small and only come in fine and medium grind -- no coarse plate is available as far as I can tell . And the KA immediately clogged on a piece of gristle that a manual grinder would have easily taken without a problem.Since the KA is mostly plastic , it is lighter and easier to clean . But if it does n't work well , what 's the point ? In summary , I was n't impressed , and am going back to my $ 49 manual grinder , which will likely outlast not only me but also my children . If you 're grinding five pounds of meat of less , the manual grinder will do the job in under three minutes , and will do a far better job as well .
 Like some other reviewers , I had problems with metal shavings getting in my food . At first , I saw some `` gray gunk '' coming out of the center of the grind plate and into my meat . I disassembled , cleaned , reassembled , and ran the grinder dry to find out what was happening . The metal pieces -LRB- blade and plate -RRB- appear to rub against each other and produce metal filings.KitchenAid refused to acknowledge the problem and suggested that I had overtightened it . I had only hand-tightened it like the directions stated , yet the problem would n't go away even after using it for a while . Disappointed , I returned it to the store .
 i bought this grinder because a friend of mine had one and it worked great . but the new blades they are giving out with anything made from october 1st 2002 are terrible . the cutting blade is not sharp and its a cheap aluminum . the old ones were thick and hard heavy metal with a sharp edge . i would n't give this to someone for free . if you buy it you will see what im talking about . plan on every minute removing the blade cutting the vain and gristle out over and over -- and im a chef so i cleaned the meat very well . so beware of the new cheap cutting blade .
 This device grinds food just fine ... . BUT it leaves a small amount of gray-black residue in the food . This comes from where the grinder plate wears against the metal shaft . As the food is pressed past , it picks up the residue.If you are not watching , it is easy to overlook as it soon gets mixed in with the rest of the freshly ground food , but it is clearly there.The customer service people told me that this residue is `` harmless '' but I have had a hard time getting comfortable feeding my family a metal residue in their food . I end up picking it out , but that is labor intensive and takes all of the fun out of using this machine.I have tried adding a small amount of food-safe lubricant , but that makes the problem worse . I have also tried cleaning the parts and adjusting the tightness and the grind speed .
 Short and sweet ... BUYER BEWARE . Second time using this attachment a gear broke loose and chipped the Artisan tilt back housing that holds it in place . Mixer was able to run on one speed only . KA had no sympathy at all . Repairs were same cost as replacement , so we trashed it . Wife was upset - I was/am angry . Do n't be like us , get a dedicated meat grinder with a reverse function . SHAME ON YOU KITCHEN AID .
 This came free as a promotion with my Professional 6 model . It might be me , but I used this for the first time to grind some meat . It worked fine , I hand washed all of the parts and dried them . The next time I used it was for cheese . This time all the cheese that came out had this grayish stuff on it that looked like grease . GROSS ! So I thought I must not have cleaned it properly . So again I washed it well and the same thing happened . I wrote to Kitchenaid and got no response so , it became cabinet clutter and I have n't used it since ! I buy my cheese and meat shredded/ground now .
 Works OK , easy to attach to the Mixer and easy to be cleaned.However , some `` dirty '' staff comes out after grinding a little while . The problem is the dark color staff comes from the frictions of grinding plate and knife that users have no control of .
 Grinder plates and blade do not fit tightly together . Because of this , thin membranes get wrapped around grinding blade and must be cleaned off or meat can not push through . If meat is thoroughly trimmed works great , otherwise it 's a pain to use .
 The whole point of grinding meat into `` burger '' meat is to be able to use cheaper cuts of meat . I suppose that this works with lean high quality meat , but I would have to try it to prove it . In an attempt to use pork shoulder -LRB- very chilled as the directions read -RRB- to grind into `` ground meat '' , I wound up with nothing but a few strands and a jammed feeder tube . How one cleans the screw portion of this device of raw meat is beyond my comprehension . I usually have something nice to say about a product -LRB- see more of my reviews -RRB- but this one was a complete waste of money . The wooden stuffer is not in residence , it is a piece of plastic that works as a wrench as well.Before use , I thoroughly cleaned the parts , or so I thought . I realized that the pictures posted do , in fact , show what I experienced . Metal dust fragments are on the meat as I cleaned out the unit . I attempted to take the remainder of the shoulder and boil it to make pulled pork , but because of the metal fragments that too will have to be scrapped.My humble suggestion is to look elsewhere .
 The meat grinder is very poor . The cross knife is flimsy and apparently not sharp.I put a chuck roast , after getting rid of some of the fat , through the grinder , it plugged up the holes in no time flat and I had to take it apart to clear it several times . It was a nuisance . I have not used it since . I had a self standing meat grinder many years ago which worked quite well until it disappeared during one of our moves . The cross knife was heavy steel metal and never needed sharpening.It cut any type of meat , yes it was made in Germany but bought in the USA . At this time I can not recommend it . It is not even good as a paper weight.RespectfullyRebecca Seifert
 Thank goodness I read the reviews ahead of time and knew to look for metal shards in the meat . It happened within the first -LRB- and only -RRB- pound . One reviewer does say to put a magic marker cap over the tip , but quite frankly , I do n't trust that shards are not dispersed in smaller sizes throughout . It 's also slow to grind . It 's tollerable , but I hunt and I have about 30 lbs of meat to grind . This would take me all afternoonOur UPS dropped it off ~ 30 minutes ago , I 'll send it back on Monday . Very disappointed .
 I love my KitchenAid mixer and all attachments but this , it 's not designed for meats , terrible design ! I do n't believe it 's KitchenAid made ! .
 I wanted a meat grinder and enjoy the ability to use the attachments with my Kitchenaid as well . Unfortunately , this products design is poor . Like others have stated , when using the grinder , the devices deposits metal grindings into the meat as well . These are coming from the auger shaft riding on the grinder dies . The metal is far too soft and as it rotates , metal is ground off of the center of the dies and drops into the meat .
 I was grinding some very lean , clean cut elk and it bound up after the 3rd piece . After this happened a few times I attempted to grind some already ground beef , and it kept binding up . Worthless !
 This grinder is the most frustrating device for those wishing to grind their own meat . If you use it to grind bread crumbs then I guess it 's fine . If you have any intention of grinding meat , buy a separate device . It took me 10 hours to grind enough meat to make 3 lbs of sausage patties!I was far too frustrated to even attempt to use the sausage stuffer attachment . I pre-chilled all equipment and partially froze the meat in small 1 '' cubes like they suggest to . The feeding chute is very small and has a tendency to get clogged . The Gear is mostly plastic , and the cutter is tiny and insufficient . This machine kept jamming on me . I had to take it apart at least 20 times . And because the parts were mostly plastic , it was impossible to keep cold enough to do this job well . Additionally , there is no reverse function to un-jam it . This also does not have sufficient torque , so even when it is n't jammed it takes forever . Being an Kitchen-Aid I thought this would be great as the Kitchen-Aid does a fine job on other things . It Does n't . Only buy this if you want an exercise in futility .
 I cook all the time and have spent a good deal of money on many kitchen gadgets . Some of these are more useful than others , but the Kitchen Aid Food Grinder Attachment is absolutely useless . In fact , it 's so useless that I wo n't bother keeping it . I imagine that the good reviews on the site have been planted by marketers and not real people who actually cook.Why do I hate this particularly tool ? First , the meat does n't always grind . When I tried to grind duck , the result was some mush from the meat getting stuck in the grinder and just spinning inside the mechanism . Other pieces would come out in 4 inch long strands as if I was trying to fashion batons or julienne from the meat . It 's hardly appetizing to bite into a meatball and have it unravel like a ball of yarn in your mouth . Not exactly the texture you 're looking for ! Furthermore , a lot of the meat had grease from the machine on it so I had to weed out about a quarter of it creating a lot of waste . If both of those things were n't enough , the machine clogs and does n't really move through the grinder at all . Last , it only adds insult to injury when the machine that did n't work has to be cleaned and it 's a pain to do so . Come to think of it , I should have just thrown the darn thing away since I will NEVER use it again . Of course I could try to recover my cost by selling it , but I would n't wish this piece of garbage on my old employer whom I despise with a passion .
 This grinder attachment is OK if you 're only making small batches -LRB- less than 15 pounds -RRB- of sausage and if you only use it once or twice a year . But if you make larger batches or if you use it more often , you should invest in a real stand-alone meat grinder.I 've made my own sausage at home for about ten years now , and this poor grinder attachment just is n't up to the job . I finally ended up having to replace my wife 's stand mixer and buy my own grinder.A stand-alone grinder is much easier to use and much simpler to clean.Same goes for stuffing . A hand-cranked canister stuffer is much easier to work with .
 I originally gave this product a five star review but after using this food grinder several times I noticed gray or black metallic looking material in our ground meat . Friday when I was putting away the food grinder parts I noticed a black/gray substance rubbing off onto my hand or fingers . It seems as other reviewers have written the food grinder is literally eating itself up . I can not state whether the gray/black substance found in the meat , and behind the blade is metal , but it sure looks like it could be . -LRB- I noticed the metal gray or black material behind the cutter and grinding plate when washing it . -RRB- I am sending this back to Amazon as this seems to be a poorly designed product . Normally KitchenAid makes good products so I am surprised how this one did not work right.Finally , the ground meat turns out very light and tender . It 's too bad there might me foreign matter in it because of this seemingly poor design.Do not recommend .
 This product was not what I expected . They have changed the pusher to a plastic model which is not as effective as the wooden one shown in the photo . Additionally and more importantly , the holes in grinder plates are not consistent in grind size with older sets made by Kitchen Aid . My sisters and I got together to make Christmas kielbasa and were slowed down because we could n't use both of our Kitchen Aid mixers to grind the meat .
 I purchased this grinder attachment to grind meat . It simply does not work well . I followed the instructions , cut up the meat and partially froze it , and it seems to overwork the mixer . I tried several times , and I do n't want to damage the mixer , so I have given up using this attachment .
 Used it once , for a tiny ball of pasta dough , before even got through it , burnt out my motor.Don ' t waste your money just get a hand crank one !
 NOT FILLED MY EXPECTATIONS , HARD TO WASHING , Release metal particles , compared to the quality and the excellent KitchenAid Food Grinder , this accessory should see higher quality
 Im placed the order for a new Kitchen Aid attachment and received a used defective one . As a result , had to pay for shipping of a defective item . Not worth the hassle - drive to the store .
 The quality of products from Kitchen Aid is not what it used to be . I used the grinder attachment 3-4 times . In total , I 've ground about 4 pounds of beef . On my last attempt , it would not grind . The mixer still works , but I 've thrown the grinder attachments . It all joins two KA coffee makers that failed .
 I bought this along with the sausage stuffer attachment for making venison sausage . I have an ancient manual meat grinder like your grandmother had and I still use that for all my grinding . I 've tried on two occasions to use this grinder/stuffer and it takes FOREVER ! The blade on the grinder is stamped junk , the plates are the same and neither are sharp . It will almost instantly plug up with sinew and will barely push meat out as you try to stuff it in the top with the plunger . It 's a lesson in frustration at best . Even if you have all your meat ground and mixed and are just trying to use the auger and sausage tip to stuff casings it is painfully slow . Do n't bother , move along , do n't waste your money . Buy an old cast iron hand grinder for $ 5 at a tag sale and buy a real sausage stuffer . This attachment is good for neither and I 'm really surprised that a company like KitchenAid even offers it .
 Everyone who has this grinder MUST examine the center mount for the chopper blade . The center plastic screw/metal rod assembly comes apart . Other reviews noting `` grey metal deposits '' at the center are correct . Use a wrench to unscrew the center mount and you will find dark machine oil on the threads and in the center shaft . The oil will ooze out between small gaps seemingly from nowhere . I cleaned it 3 times but oil is still escaping from deep within . Test it with boiled white potato and watch the center of the grinder dump oil into the food . KitchenAid tech support suggested the copper bearing at the back was overheating -LRB- wrong location and wrong diagnosis -RRB- and leaking oil . Hey KitchenAid -LRB- Whirlpool -RRB- , did n't you learn from Maytag not to cut corners ? This is a case for the consumer product safety commission . I recently bought -LRB- Mar ' 12 -RRB- the FGA grinder locally but had not seen this with purchases from years ago .
 First of all , I love my KitchenAid mixer . I decided to try the grinder and the sausage stuffer to make some Szechuan sausage so bought both from Amazon . The product works well , except one issue which is the retainer bar - maybe it works for western style sausage but it does not work with Szechuan sausage which all pork should go in like 1cm x 1cm pieces . The bar stops those big pieces from going in smoothly but can be removed to reduce the problem.In the end I made 10 pounds of the sausage in 1 hour , but then I noticed something disgusting . I had some pork left so I decided to grinder them - and the blade was working well ... huh ? Why some of the ground pork coming out in grey/black ? I double checked the pork , nothing found . I 'm pretty sure it was not coming from the pieces of pork I put in , so where did that come from ? I disassembled the grinder and found the problem . All the black grease was coming from the place between the grind worm and the body ! I took several pictures and uploaded here so you can check it by yourself . Maybe this is to ensure the worm goes smoothly after storage and transport , but in the manual no where mentioned this , and it is extremely tough to clean . Plus , I do n't even know if this can be eaten or not.Now my headache is the 10 pounds of sausage - should I eat them ? To face the high risk of food poisoning is not something I want but what a waste ...
 The KitchenAid Food Grinder is absolutely terrible . The blade is not sharp enough and/or does not move fast enough and/or is not strong enough to grind meat . The fine grind die turned the meat into paste before getting clogged in about a minute . The coarse grind die worked well for about 20 seconds before turning the rest of the meat into paste . Either die gets clogged quickly and needs to be repeatedly cleaned . The grinder does n't make ground meat for burgers or regular sausages ; it makes forcemeat , that would be better suited for homemade hot dogs . But even then , you 'd need a lot of time and a lot of patience to constantly take apart the grinder to unclog it.Adding to the incompetence is that the food pusher creates suction and much of what you push down gets pulled back up the chute -LRB- this is particularly true when putting the meat paste back in when it 's set up for sausage stuffing - consider reading my review of that other KitchenAid monstrosity -RRB- . This creates an extremely lengthy and frustrating experience.When I thought about making sausage , I thought getting the attachments for our KitchenAid stand mixer would be a good and affordable idea . Instead I wasted a lot of time -LRB- and a notable amount of raw sausage clogged in all parts of the grinder and sausage stuffer attachements -RRB- . The only positive thing I can write about these two products is that I learned that when buying equipment for sausage making it 's something you apparently can not do on the cheap.These products are a disgrace . Do not waste your time ; I 'll be returning mine -LRB- along with the grinder -RRB- and demanding a refund .
 We purchased one of these as a supplement . We processed our own steer and already had a meat grinder , but thought adding this for $ 40 would help things move a little faster . I had both meat grinders going at the same time . I never once had to clean out the original grinder . But the Kitchen Aid required a complete clean out every 5 minutes so the meat could go through the holes again instead of squirting out around the sides like mush . Anything with a little fat in it would get wound around the blade and eventually plug up the holes and slow the blade down . That also put extra strain on the motor . I even tried only putting meat in without fat and putting all the fat through my original grinder . That did n't work either . It still managed to get plugged easily . I finally gave up and just used the other one by itself . It was faster to use my original grinder by itself than have this one running at the same time.The blade is very poorly sharpened . I compared the blades from the two meat grinders . They are both the same style blade , but the Kitchen Aid 's is much smaller and hardly sharp at all.I do understand that this is n't made to process an entire steer . But if I decided I wanted to grind one pound of meat into hamburger for dinner , it would probably take 15-20 minutes to get it done.I do n't recommend using this unless you are going to make baby food . It seems that would be the only food this could grind . If you actually want it to grind meat , look somewhere else - like ebay . Just my opinion after wrestling with it for a few hours .
 Purchased this grinder to cut down the time it takes to mince beef heart for use in a ` fish food ' recipe -LRB- to feed tropical fish -RRB- . Unfortunately , unless you are grinding several pounds of meat , nothing comes out of the grinder . -LRB- Plenty of ` semi-ground ' meat remains in the grinder . -RRB- This grinder has so much space in it that the food can cycle around and around inside the grinder without ever coming out . I also tried it with 8 frozen raw shrimp . Nothing came out . I opened the grinder and took it apart in order to get the ground shrimp.I had better success with a hand grinder . The amount of work spent grinding a pound of beef heart is what made me want to try this mixer attachment . It does n't work as well as the hand grinder .
 Didnt like it due to metal residue that is coming out . KitchenAid should look into this main concern of many .
 I bought this grinder and the sausage stuffing attachment with the hopes of making my own Italian sausage . I followed the directions that came with the grinder to the T and had problems with grease from the screw seeping into the meat , the grinding blade was horrible at grinding meat and when I finally attempted to stuff sausage casing , it took me 30 minutes to stuff 3 sausages.First i used a high quality pork butt and cut it into 1 inch cubes and almost froze the meat , then as I started to grind the meat I was finding grease from the screw mixed in . I also had to take apart the grinder and clean it repeatedly because it would clog with ANY fat or stringy meat . It took me 3 hours to grind 5 pounds of meat.I refrigerated the meat again and the next day I attempted to make sausages . I followed the directions and as I said it took me 30 minutes to make 3 sausages . The screw would n't push the meat through the sausage tube and the push rod that is shown in the picture is n't the one that comes with the attachment . It is the white plastic wrench push rod combo that is virtually worthless to make sausage.I ended us giving up and am buying a quality stuffer . If I had my choice I 'd buy a better grinder stuffer than buy this crap .
 Attempting to use this product was so frustrating that I almost threw the entire mixer across kitchen . I attempted to use it 3 times with 3 different cuts of meat . I followed the instructions and partially froze the meat . The slightest amount of fat instantly wraps around cutting blade instead of getting cut . This blocks the meat from going through the grinder . Un-jamming takes about a minute and needs to be done every minute or so of use . Pork butt is impossible to grind . Lean beef and chicken did eventually grind , but it was more of a mush consistancy than ground -LRB- yes , I used the attachment with large holes -RRB- . Every time I used it I did notice that parts of the meat were turning brown . I assumed that it was from the meat being pulverized to the point where it actually started cooking . Then I read the other reviews which assume that it is metal dust from the cheap blade -LRB- entirely possible -RRB- . I recieved this thing as a gift , it is getting thrown away .
 I bought this in hopes to be able to save money and grind my own meat . I was surprised when I tried to grind up some chicken . It turned it to scary looking mush that I could barely get to come out of the thing . When I tried to push the meat down it instead came out of top instead . When I turned up the speed it started coming out the sides of the grinder plate . The next time I tried grinding up bread crumbs . This was just as bad or worse . It got jammed and clumped together . I followed all instructions for each of these things . Seriously , how hard can bread crumbs be ? Apparently quite hard for this KitchenAid attachment . It seems to be made well and sturdy but that 's about it . It sucks ! What a waste of money !!! It now sits on a shelf in my cupboard unused .
 I bought this grinder to make sausages at home . I 'm not happy at all with this grinder . The meat must be 100 % lean so the fat wo n't get stuck in the little holes and clog it . The blade is not sharp enough in order to cut through the fat . Also to make sausages you need the plate with bigger holes . It takes a very long time so I just took the meat to the restaurant to grind it and just stuffed the sausages at home , but that also took hours .
 Horrible ! We got this for grinding raw meat and it was terrible . The fat in the meat clogs it up and it simply grind well . Also , we had the `` black meat '' from the oil or metal shavings just like that other viewers picture 's showed . Do n't buy this if you 're hoping to grind raw meat !!!
 I do n't know what the other reviewers were using but it could n't have been the one I had-the one with cheap chinese-made everything . I had one from a while back and decided to get a new ` Professional ' Kitchenaid mixer along with a new grinder . I first tried to grind partially frozen pork fat with the large-hole plate . It was an utter disaster . The holes clogged in about 10 sec and the fat oozed all around the opening even though I tightened it . The I tried some meat and the same thing happened ! I am sooo bummed out that an American standard is selling such crap . I used to be able to slice a round steak and feed the whole thing right through the grinder without even chopping it into cubes.The plates are thin and the cutter is useless . Save your mioney , spend a few bucks more and get a better made grinder - hopefully old so it 'll be made in the USA .
 This item has gotten one star , simply because there is no provision in the review format for zero stars or negative stars , which it richly deserves.It jams , it chokes , it 's a bother to clean ... putting it kindly ... but if you 're attempting to grind pork for sausage you 'll find yourself cleaning out where it 's gummed itself up it after every few pieces . Which means , overall , that using a hand-cranked grinder like a Porkert is far less work than this -LRB- let 's remember this is a family audience -RRB- ... thing.The cutter and the plate are made of cheap stamped metal and they do n't work nearly as well as the old and long-gone all-metal version of this attachment.I was warned not to get one of these and instead look for an older set used , advice I wish I had taken . Save yourself the time and trouble and get yourself a good old hand crank meat grinder , just like Grandma had .
 If you pay close attention to this grinder , it deposits fine black metal shavings/dust into the meat it grinds . This is no doubt a health hazard and ingestion of metals has been linked to several chronic illnesses . I would absolutely avoid eating meat or anything else ground with this device and return this poorly-tested product to KitchenAid .
 Be aware , this is a totally mal-functional product . Not only it grinds food , but also its own metal blade . The food is poisoned with metal dust in the grinding procedure . Totally unacceptable !!! I tried many times very carefully , each time there were some metal dust coming out of the center of the metal plate and mixed with the processed food .
 Do not buy this attachment . We used it -LRB- following the instructions -RRB- for about 10 min . grinding about 3 lbs of lean meat and the main drive gear of the MIXER broke . We replaced the gear -LRB- no help from KitchenAid -RRB- , and tried it again on some pork trim and after a few minutes and less than 1 lb . it happened again ! Do not waste your time and money on this attachment - buy a meat grinder - we have since bought a waring pro M800 and I recommned it .
 As others have said , the blades are shaving off metal from the grind disc and mixing it with your meat . Totally unacceptable .
 I purchased the KitchenAid Food Grinder several months ago . I was a bit concerned by some product reviews that mentioned the problem of micro metal shavings being created by the grinding action of the knife and the grinding plates . I was also concerned by the lack of meaningful response from customer support at KitchenAid . I decided that KitchenAid was a good enough brand that I would take a chance on the unit.Unfortunately , the micro metal shavings problem is a real problem . Each time I have used the unit for grinding meet , cheese , etc. the problem has occurred . I have tried adjusting the tightness of the grinding plate ring various ways , all to no avail . I do n't know if this is a meaningful problem , but I am of the opinion that all things being considered , I would rather not be ingesting even very small amounts of micro metal shavings . If this does not bother you , then this unit is a decent grinder.KitchenAid seems to have missed on this one . And , more importantly , has not fixed what is clearly an identified problem . I will be contacting the FDA to see what concerns I should have with regard to ingesting metal from this unit .
 I purchased this product with high hopes of grinding my own organic chicken and grass-fed beef . I have to say that I was pretty impressed on how well the product grinds the meat , but not at all impressed or happy with the gray metal ooze scraps that are intertwined with the meat on the way out of the grinder . I am very disappointed with this product and would not recommend it to anyone . I have returned it and hope to find one with the same outcome without the metal ooze .
 After using it for over a year , I was compelled to write a review about the metal dust problem!no matter how much I clean , it always produces black metal dust in the food ! this should not allowed to be sold ! having metal poison in my food mix is not safe and people should consider twice before purchasing this unit!See the picture I 've uploaded and see it for yourself.Also , see the discussion titled `` gray greas looking ooz '' below this page to see more people having the same problem .
 About 2 months after having ordered this product from Amazon , I finally got around to trying it out.Followed directions in attaching the KitchenAid Grinder and Cut up slightly frozen meat into small portions perfectly sized for the feeder.With anticipation , power on , and began stuffing the feeder.Within seconds and what seemed magical , I was creating home made ground beef . No more prepackaged mystery meat!Beaming with pride , I called over the family to witness what would have become the beginnings of many home ground hamburgers , sausages and other culinary delights.Then the horror began.From the center of the extruder , black greasy substance began extruding and mixing with the beautifully ground beef.I stopped the machine . Detached and washed the attachment . Tried again and found more black ooze . I repeated this process about 4 times.Finally , defeated , I gave up and packed it in . All that beautiful meat wasted !!! I contacted the seller to return the product and was promptly told that I was out of luck as over 30 days have passed . Try warranty they say.I contacted KitchenAid customer care who was glad to tell me that what I report must be delusional but they will go ahead and send a replacement.Having received the replacement , I unpacked , washed and with hope and anticipation , I attached and powered it on.Within a minute , the dreaded black ooze made its appearance . A new grinder , same KitchenAid and the same Black Oooze.At this point , I can only conclude that this is a MAJOR DEFECT in DESIGN from KITCHENAID.Tomorrow , I will call KITCHENAID again but I suspect that they will adequately infer that I 'm crazy and somehow this BLACK OOZE is either my fault or my delusion.For YOUR Sanity , I suggest you run away from this product and not endure the anguish and disappointment that KITCHENAID will surely inflict .
 DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM . What a waste ... all of the previous complaints are accurate . There is always grey gunk and metal bits in your meat , pasta , etc. . When I called Kitchen-Aid , the individual told me that this is the first she was hearing of this issue . I find that so hard to believe . Then she had the nerve to tell me that it was most likely oil from the housing and it was perfectly safe and food grade . I asked if I sent her some grey ground chicken breast for dinner , would she eat it ? Silence . What a waste of money . Do n't bother .
 1 . I bought this unit along with the slicer , grater , and juicer attachments . The plastic housing looked very industrial and cleaned up well but over time all the units began to develop cracks around the areas molded around the shaft hole . Some of the cracks have gotten pretty large . Seems like it 's just a matter of time before it falls apart . These are n't stress cracks from over use . I rarely used the slicer attachment and it is cracking also . I will add pictures of these cracks to this review .2 . I have the model with the wooden plunger.It 's too small . Meat comes up around it when you try to push it down .3 . Sometimes , gray stuff comes out with the ground meat . Looks like grease or fine metal bits .4 . The blades seem more like they are tearing the meat than grinding it . The finished product looks nothing like what you find in the supermarket.Unless you have your mixer setting out ready to use at all times , it can be a pain to pull everything out to grind a little meat . My suggestion is to put the money towards a dedicated grinder . Clean-up is just as quick , overall size is much smaller , and you get a machine that 's doing what it is designed to do.I give it one star because meat does go in one end and come out the other end smaller ! LOL
 this food grinder was used 3 times and each time ruined my entire batch of ground chuck , brisket , and short rib meat . i bought all organic and grass-fed beef because i wanted a high quality of ground meats . i spent $ 60 on meat so i am out over $ 100 for this purchase and now i am told i have to pay more just to return !!! not happy about that at all.i read so many great reviews i thought i had found exactly what i needed and the fact that it fit on my Kitchenaid stand mixer was a great advantage . one huge problem found though - it left dark gray grease and metal shavings in my grinded meat ! i cleaned it thoroughly by hand before each use and allowed to dry properly . i kept thinking , maybe it 's happening because it 's new and it would be over the gray slime next time i used it . i trustingly ground 3 batches of meat , and seeing the same results each time was a costly lesson . i gave it all the chances i could afford . i have followed all the procedures to the max and i can no longer try it again . obviously , i am disappointed and angry over losing what should have been premium batches of ground meats ! KitchenAid needs a complete redesign or at least an opportunity for a full refund of price and shipping expenses !!! to return it , even as defective , i will not be reimbursed return shipping charges back to AMAZON . that 's just wrong ! it 's not like i just changed my mind ... i can not use it due to a defect that caused the meat to contain dangerous toxic metals and machine oil.as far as the grind goes , it works beautifully , easily and does n't have the shrill noise of stand-alone grinders . i would have loved to been able to keep this . i fear purchasing another and wasting more food and money , so i am at a loss at the moment .
 Wow guys , are you serious . Inferior metal , ridiculous cutter material , cheap metal with no edge . Plunger a crime that it was changed into a 2 and one . Plastic sucks guys , period . All I see is a company that was great pouring gas on the fire to extinction.I 'm done with Kitchen Aid , ruined by over seas labor that has redesigned themselves to non existence . Nice goin greedy fool whom made these silly choices .
 1 : The blade is not made of real steel and not that sharp you would expected .2 : I had to made a new hole on it in order to fit my 4 and 1/2quart mixer , other wise it will come loose when it is grindingfood .
 I bought a brand new kitchenaid meat processor attachment , like the description said . I got it and it was shoved in its box like it had been tampered with and the box was torn up . The face of the mixer had grease spots and scratches all over it . I contacted the seller and he acused me basically of lying . He said I would have to send the product back if I wanted him to look at it , another expense of mine , when I received something I did n't purchase . DO NOT BUY FROM THIS PERSON .
 We actually never used it . We sent it back right away just by the looks of it.My Dad does a lot of meat grinding and making homemade sausage . He uses everything metal . Unfortunately , it did n't look like it could handle the job it was really meant to do .
 If you try to make pasta with the food grinder/pasta plate combination , better follow the recipe exactly or you 'll loose material and time .
 I purchased this item so that I could be sure of what was in my ground meat by grinding it myself . I was extremely disapointed when the first time I used it -LRB- following the enclosed instructions -RRB- , I found clumps of black grease in my ground meat . I called the company and they told me it was food safe grease so it was fine . I asked what was in the `` food safe '' grease and they could not tell me . I explained that if I did not mind eating grease , I would n't be grinding my own meat . They said that I should run some cooked rice through it and it would go away . After running three pots of cooked rice through it , it was still oozing black grease . I called the company back and after trying to convince me that I should jump through more hoop to get rid of the grease , and keeping me on hold forever , they finally agreed to refund my money . Hopefully they will carry through with their promise . I will also note , that it did not do a very good job grinding the meat . The white connective tissue of the lamb got all tangled up in the blades and was difficult to clean out . Sorry , but I would not recommend this product .
 I purchased this grinder to process deer meat based on the advice of friends who use it for this purpose . Unfortunately , I was not very happy with it . First off , all meat was chilled in the freezer so it would be more firm . It was okay in grinding the deer meat . However , if I ground beef chuck to add to the deer meat , it did not do well at all . I was very diligent in removing any sinew/silver skin from the chuck , but it still clogged the grinder . Additionally , the grinder regularly put out gray/silver metal findings that others have complained about . I did not find this acceptable . By the way , I have to chuckle about the directions that say to freeze the metal blade before grinding . Seriously , how long do you think you have to grind meat before the `` chilled '' blade warms up . I returned this for a refund .
 No meat grinder should be made with a plastic housing . The housing cracks after a few uses . The blade is made of a cheap alloy or possibly aluminum . There is a constant flow of metal shavings when you grind meat . Grease leaks from the joint of the worm . This is the most useles piece of junk on the market . I wish Kitchenaid would get over their greed and make a QUALITY product like they used to ...
 I have owned my KithenAid Pro -LRB- 325w -RRB- KSM5 for about 16 years . It performs reasonably well - unless using the grinder or making bread dough . Initially I used the `` grinder '' attachment for extruding spaghetti as advertized . This did n't work . The motor started to labor and smoke . I tried making my dough softer , but this was vastly less than ideal . I figured it would work for meat grinding with the metal screen and knife since the machine was n't laboring . I was wrong . The body of the grinder barrel fractured in 2 pieces under the stress of the meat and torque of the motor . I did n't hit a bone . Perhaps it was too cold , and the plastic was brittle . I suppose the attachment could be used for something , but processing chilled meat in a cool environment should not be a consideration .
 This grinder and sausage maker is too poorly made to be of any use . the blade does not cut the meat and binds up constantly . the multi tool wrench , stuffer is too small so meat squarest up around it instead of being forced thru the grinder . This is the worst design i 've ever experienced for this type of product . better of buying a hand crank sausage maker .
 I have had a grinder for over 40 years when I bought my first Kitchen aid mixer . It lasted and lasted.My cutting blade finally could not cut the meat so I ordered a new one this past March 2012 . When Ireceived it , I was excited to grind some meat and WOW I was SO disappointed with the cutting blade !! It is apiece of junk !!!! Barely cuts the meat to send it through as ground meat . I do n't recommend it . Kitchenaidis becoming quality junk !! It used to be a solid name with dependability . Since Whirlpool took it over manyyears ago , it has gone through a metamorphosis that is downgraded .
 I bought this years ago because I needed it for the puree attachment . Today was the first time I used it as a meat grinder . PIECE OF JUNK ! At first I thought it was grease , turns out the shaft grinds the center of the extruding plate . I looked closely at the plate , noticed a difference in the two sides , cleaned and switched to the `` different '' side . Continued grinding the chicken , same thing . Now both sides of the plate are the same . I was n't that impressed with the pureer years ago , I 'm beyond disappointed in the grinder !
 Tried to grind apples for a salad -LRB- cut into fairly small chunks -RRB- , but they kept getting stuck in the narrow opening . After removing the grinder attachment twice , I finally had to chop the apples into very small pieces to get the thing to work . If it ca n't handle apples , I would n't even want to try to grind meat , as it is so much tougher . My old fashioned cast iron grinder works much better than this , and in much less time -LRB- and $ -RRB- than I spent messing with this attachment .
 I purchased the FGA along with the Sausage stuffer kit . I do n't think Kitchenaid tests their products very well , if at all ! The plastic plunger is much smaller than the diameter of the chute you are pushing your meat thru , as a result the meat mixture oozes out causing air to enter the chute and ultimately to your sausage casing ! It is so bad you will end up wasting alot of time trying to make things work and frustrate yourself to no end!It works OK for grinding meat etc , but if you are looking to create tasty homemade Sausage then do yourself a favor and get a dedicated Sausage stuffer such the L.E.M. products or Cabelas offers a Weston 7lb . Sausage stuffer on sale for $ 79.99 from a regular price of 179.99 . I bought the Weston and picked it up yesterday . This thing is a monster ! It is all metal -LRB- Including the internal gears -RRB- and the stuffing tubes are stainless steel.It looks easy to clean , has a sturdy base to stay stable while operating the plunger mechanism and this thing is built to last for many years . The only part I see that may need to replaced periodically is the silicone seal on the plunger . I recommend this stuffer highly if you seriously want to save your mental health and nerves ! Hope this review helps others from making the same mistake I did . Kitchenaid , hire some good Engineers with common sense and test your products so you do n't taint your good name ! This experience will make me definately pay more attention to Kitchenaid accessories before I purchase them as I feel I have wasted my hard earned money on this product .
 Got metal shavings in ground meat . Had to stop and clean blade -LRB- which is complete junk -RRB- that got all gummed up all the time ! What a mess ! If you are thinking of making sausage or grinding any amount of meat , buy a REAL meat grinder !
 Read good overall reading and thought it would be great and convenience since I already have a KitchenAid mixer . However , the black metal comes off between the cutter and blade so I returned . Return to Amazon is pretty seamless .
 Followed the instructions assiduously . Also followed instructions carefully as written in book `` Charcuterie '' by Michael Rulman . Its well understood that one has to minimize how much gristle/fibrous material is fed into the grinder . This thing wo n't work if there 's a piece of fat in the next county ! It wants 100 % lean only . It does n't work for you , you work for it . What a fabulous waste of time . Oh , by the way , the leakage of black graphite lubricant that someone posted on this site ? Its true
 This is a cheap quality product . I grind meats in it . It gets some kind of oil on your food . Kitchen Aid will not give a refund , just a replacement . They told me it 's a safe oil . What a ridiculous statement .
 The major part is made of plastic . Not enough power so the meet get stuck most of the time . AND , black dots appears in the grounded meet as other people shown in the uploaded picture .
 This grinding attachment leaves grease and metal in the meat . I am returning for refund . No excuse for trash like this to be sold in America . May be OK for third world use .
 I purchased a refurbished artisan mixer in Dec 2003 . I am totally happy with the mixer . I asked for the food grinder for Christmas . The food grinder works very well but the set screw that attaches it to the mixer does not fit properly . I exchanged the food grinder only to have the same problem . Kitchenaid sent a new housing and it also does not fit properly . On one occasion my mixer fell over because the food grinder and mixer did not fit together properly . Kitchenaid is now sending me a new mixer . Hopefully this will resolve the problem .
 After reading reviews on amazon , I stupidly thought I was better than previous reviewers . I assumed people must be doing something wrong , well I should have listened . Almost instantly after starting to use this grinder I noticed a grey metallic grease on the meat . After trouble shooting for a bit my friend brought out an identical grinder that he received as a wedding gift , within moments the same metallic grease appeared.This is totally unsafe and honestly disgusting that ka allows a product like this on the market . Does anyone at all even test these things?The problem seams to come from one or two locations , at the back of the unit the worm gear bushing -LRB- metal -RRB- makes contact to the housing bushing -LRB- metal -RRB- you do the math , also at the front the worm gear nipple -LRB- metal -RRB- spins inside the cutting die -LRB- metal -RRB- . The silly thing is this could probably all be solved with a pair of rubber or Teflon bushings or washers.Seriously please do n't buy this product its completely unsafe .
 I wish I had heeded the advice of the other reviewers . I used the Grinder attachment one time to grind some sirloin and chuck for beef jerky . However , after about five minutes , all the ground beef coming out of the attachment was contaiminated with a greasy gray ooze coming from the center of the grinder plate assembly . I do n't care if this is food-safe grease , it is very unattractive and has no place in anything that I want to eat.Irrespective of the grease in my food , I guess the grinder worked OK . It made a mess , and juices from the beef squirted all over the kitchen , but I could deal with that better than contaimination in my food . Overall , this is a pretty flimsy piece of equipment and is VERY hard to clean as well.Do not buy .
 I had bought this and the stuffer tubes a couple of weeks ago and returned it to Amazon . I was interested in making my own sausages.The grinder emulsified a pork shoulder . Even when I trimmed the fat and silver skin off -LRB- and nearly freezing the meat -RRB- , the blade kept getting clogged from whatever marbled fat that was in the meat . It made the motor bog and run very hot -LRB- Artisan model -RRB- . There were also some odd deposits in the meat coming from the grinder -LRB- others complain about this too -RRB- . Basically , if you are somewhat serious about making sausages or ground meat in batches larger than 2 lbs. , save a little more and buy a quality meat grinder and seperate stuffer . This attachment will only frustrate you and possibly kill off your very expensive mixer .
 1-star only because 0-star is not an option . I wish I had read some reviews before purchasing this product . There are plenty of people who have complained about metal being ground along with meat . Absolutely true ! Yes , you will find metal particles in your ground meat . I guess , people who have not complained about this issue and rated the product 5-star have n't observed their ground meat carefully enough or their problem is less severe . But , the problem defintely exists . In fact , I did not notice the problem for first couple of uses . I ca n't imagine how this is an isolated incident , when so many people have faced the same problem . This definitely is a result of bad product design . This product possess a huge health hazard . Please do not buy !
 I am disappointed that a 5 uses , 3 grinding beef and 2 stuffing sausage cases that the screw that pushes the meat out is already cracking . I will be looking for an all steel version .
 Every time I do grinding , I found black grease inside and I am so afraid to use it now . There has to be a better design .
 I am also going to return this item since I have had the same problem as many other users with metal shavings getting into the meat I grind . I 'm just glad I noticed it since it does n't do it all the time . After so many complaints this thing should get recalled .
 I bought this grinder to make sausages at home . I 'm not happy at all with this grinder . The meat must be 100 % lean so the fat wo n't get stuck in the little holes and clog it . The blade is not sharp enough in order to cut through the fat . Also to make sausages you need the plate with bigger holes . It takes a very long time so I just took the meat to the restaurant to grind it and just stuffed the sausages at home , but that also took hours .
 The metal parts of this product are shoddily made of inadequate materials . Metal dust is created between the hub of the worm , the cutter and the cutting plate rubbing together . Extreme health hazard . Imagine using this for baby foods !!!! Too bad as this product would be great if it was manufactured and engineered to a better standard.Amazon have been great issuing a full refund . Since KitchenAid was sold to Whirlpool/Sears it has become just like many of Sears other brands . Junk ! Too bad . Iconic American companies being sold out for quick profits . The high price of low cost !
 I am on my second grinder - no more ! It grinds OK , but when you 're finished , there is always some meat caught between the blade and the disc . The blade does n't seem to hold its ' sharpness . But the most frustrating problem is that both the feed shaft and the housing are made of molded plastic on metal . After relatively little use , the plastic begins to crack and break away from the metal . Since this is used for grinding meat , the cracks make it extreamly hard to clean . I recommend against this accessory and suggest finding a seperate all metal meat grinder -LRB- which I am in the process of doing -RRB- .
 Setting up the meat grinder on your Kitchenaid mixer is easy . The attachment is very robust and sturdy . There are not a lot of moving parts to worry about , and cleaning is easy - just pull out the grinder , remove the large inside screw , and remove the plates and wash.Why 2 stars?Well , I tested the attachment by running it dry , which should not hurt the grinder -LRB- the grinding plate and blade are flat -RRB- . After running for about 45 seconds I said , `` Wow , this is cool . '' Turned off the machine and began to remove the plate and blade . `` Wait ! What is that black stuff collecting under the plate ?! '' It looked like dirt . `` Perhaps I should not be running it dry , '' I thought . So I put some oil on the blade and plate . I ran the machine for a few minutes and noticed a build up of a dirty oil under and on the plate . The small dirt or metal smudge from the center bolt was mixing with the oil.I cleaned the whole thing and still got the same results . Will be returning the grinder unit to the store . I do n't want dirt in my food . -LRB- Note
 We replaced our food grinder after 15 years of hard use . The new cutting blade is junk , the body of the unit falls to one side , the coarse die is much bigger than the original and it does n't do the job nearly as well as the one we have had for 15 years .
 If you want to kill or ruin your K'Aid Mixer , then this accessory is the perfect one to do it !! I bought this piece of junk last year and thought ; `` Oh , goody !!! Now I got a food grinder for my K'Aid mixers . '' Boy , was I wrong !!! This unit is just a worthless piece of junk that should be left right where you see it ; on the store shaelves !!! I went to use this for the very first time , and it made my K-5SS Stand Mixer 's motor start to labor badly - amost to the point where it was about to stop working and die altogether !! Liquid had leaked into the transmission and messed up the gears badly !! I was almost faced with a $ 125.00 repair bill !!! I had to finish the job with this unit attached to the smaller K-45SS . But luckily , the mixer began to rebound in the days ahead and has mended itself back up to full operating speed !! It works fine now . But as a precaution , I sent this ill-fated piece of junk back to where I bought it from !! I 've since bought a separate electric food grinder , which works beautifully !! Do yourself a favor . leave this in the stores !! Also , it 's shown with a wooden pusher . That it false advertising because , ; like the rest of the unit , the pusher is plastic now , had been for a long while !!! Do n't buy this . It 's and ill-fated piece of junk !!!!!!!!! ~ Daquan13 .
 The stories about gray goop are absolutely true - it 's totally unacceptable to have this contaminating your food . I tried cleaning the unit several times , without result . Unfortunately I trusted KitchenAid enough when I bought it that I discarded the box before discovering the problem . So , I literally had to throw the grinder in the trash . I 'll never trust KitchenAid again . It 's a completely useless product .
 It seeps a black yuck on my meat after just a few minutes of grinding . I do n't know where this stuff is coming from . It takes me that much time picking through the meat getting all the black parts out .
 Even though there are many reviews that were negative on this product I decided to take a chance on it and I wish I had n't . The very first time I used it the grinder itself handled five pounds of partialy frozen eye of round roast fine , but after a few strips into the grinder I noticed a silver substance on the meat . Many other reviews on here claim they are metal shards from the grinder but they are not , it is oil lubricate from the grinder . I emailed kitchenAids web site and this was there response . -LRB- Thank you for visiting the KitchenAid web site ! We appreciate the opportunity to respond to your inquiry.I do apologize that you are having this issue with your Attachment FGA . The FGA housing has an oil impregnated copper bearing that can produce an oily discharge when it becomes warm . The oil will be present in the item being ground . Make sure you are using very cold/partially frozen meat . This can help prevent this from happening . The oil is FDA approved , so it will not harm you if digested -RRB- FDA Approved or not , I do n't want lubricate oil in my food . The FDA has also approved many things in the past that are now banned or have been proven to be harmful in diffrent studies . Stay away from this grinder , and just buy the meat you want and have your butcher grind it for you .
 I was looking forward to grinding my own meat and was thrilled that this relatively inexpensive item , highly recommended by Cooks Illustrated , was available to attach to my existing appliance . Unfortunately , I experienced the well-documented problem of dark grey meat extruding from the center hole of the grinder - very , very unappetizing . Did try a lower speed , tightened the ring very loosely , and cleaned the grinder thoroughly ; none of these strategies prevented the greyness . So , I will reluctantly return the item . Other than the greyness , it was effective at grinding meat . Since I do n't grind large quantities of meat at a time , I 'll use a food processor for future meat grinding , which works pretty well based on my limited experience .
 I was able to only grind about 40 pounds of meat before this thing broke . Very disappointed as I even followed the recommendations on slightly freezing/chilling the meat , running at low speed , etc. . Maybe I had a bad unit but from reading other reviews , it sounds like this is n't entirely uncommon . I 'm buying a real dedicated meat grinder which I should 've done the first time .
 It grinds your meat products as advertised but the 2 metal pieces -LRB- the spinning blade and end plate -RRB- grind each other up and leaves a black residue on your food !!! What a piece of junk !!
 Followed the instructions assiduously . Also followed instructions carefully as written in book `` Charcuterie '' by Michael Rulman . Its well understood that one has to minimize how much gristle/fibrous material is fed into the grinder . This thing wo n't work if there 's a piece of fat in the next county ! It wants 100 % lean only . It does n't work for you , you work for it . What a fabulous waste of time . Oh , by the way , the leakage of black graphite lubricant that someone posted on this site ? Its true
 My review concerns KitchenAid , not the seller , who was fine . My complaint is as such
 The other reviews about this product causing metal filings to be found in the ground food are correct.I will be contacting KitchenAid to voice my concerns.Not the fault of Amazon.Amazon ... consider not selling this item untilproblems with product design are resolved.KitchenAid FGA Food Grinder Attachment for Stand Mixers
 Well , we purchased this item after reading reviews regarding metal shavings figuring it could n't be that bad and hate to say the result was terrible . The item is inexpensivem compact and great for small jobs but the metal shavings in the food is a deal breaker . Should have just paid the extra $ 50 for a full size grinder rather than waste $ 35 in chicken breast ... DO NOT BUY , metal shaving coming into the food for real .
 It has too many parts to clean , and they are very difficult to reach . The grinder is very slow and keep on jamming . It took me 30 minutes to grind a small sweet potato . I already cut the sweet potato into small pieces before I put them into the grinder , but it was still jammed inside of the grinder body.KitchenAid FGA Food Grinder Attachment for Stand MixersIt is not worth $ 43 dollars for such a low impact but high maintenance equipment in my kitchen .
 After reading all the negative reviews , I still gave this a try . It does leave metal in the food ! I did have to keep cleaning it out . I 've never tried a hand mincer , so might give that a go .
 I normally do n't write reviews even if I do n't like a product but felt compelled to since it may be a matter of safety . The frame itself looks decent - maybe a little cheap but looks like it will do the job . The problem is the four metal U Clips that are attached to the back to keep the picture in place . They are not only rudimentary and unstable but are dangerous . Following the instructions -LRB- which tell you to press down on the U clip - which hold the picture in the frame by a spring-like pressed coiling action -RRB- , I grabbed the U Clip to push down and remove from the edge of the frame . Then ... pain ! There were uneven serrated edges on the metal clip that instantly sliced thru my thumb . Once I stopped the bleeding I was too scared to use the U Clips . Nonetheless , being lazy I thought well I do n't want to go thru the trouble of returning it so let me try to make it work . Bad choice . As I mentioned , the metal clips work thru a pressure/spring action . Can you imagine what happened next . As I was replacing the U Clips -LRB- again following the half paragraph instruction that came with the frame -RRB- , one of the clips did n't clip onto the frame fully and in an instant it popped loose and sprang out and hit me on my face , narrowly missing my eye . So , after getting my thumb sliced open and nearly losing an eye , I decided the frames were n't worth it after all . For the price , I just do n't know why they did n't have the normal small twisty clips that seem standard on most frames instead of this metal death trap . I am returning them .
 I 'm a SAHM who cooks almost all our meals and love to bake so I 'm wiling to pay money for a quality machine that will make my life easier . This mixer is n't it ! The design is horrible -- unless you buy the extra pouring shield , it is nigh impossible to neatly add ingredients without turning off the mixer and removing the bowl . The beater-junk ! The plastic chips off almost immediately , and heaven forbid you drop it . The bowl design is also terrible -- there 's a big hump at the bottom , which creates a well that causes dry ingredients to stay dry . This occurs even when I use just the bowl and a spoon to mix . Terrible!And why do they only include one bowl ? Every mixer I 've ever bought came with two -- a small and a large , which is very handy when mixing dry and wet ingredients separately . For the price they could n't include one more steel bowl ? Because of the one size and design of the beater movement , forget scraping the sides with a spatula . You 'll have to remove either the beater or the bowl to do it with this design.I have , however , had ok luck with the dough hook and making bread dough . Except that the dough hook 's plastic is chipped along the seam , which is odd since I 've used it maybe a dozen times . So while my motor has n't burned out as others have complained , my bread has contained little flecks of white plastic coating.I do n't understand why people rave about KitchenAid mixers . I have a Cuisenart food processor -- that 's worth the money . It 's clearly better than any other processor I 've owned , I use it almost daily and it 's still in perfect shape . But my KitchenAid mixer is a heavy hunk of junk that I ca n't even Craigslist because it 's missing plastic on the attachments . I should have gotten a Sunbeam .
 under power , if you try to make bread , or grind with attachment . head is loose , so bad i did call the company , i was told its normal . i do n't think so , i have it for few years now , but each time i 'm using it i 'm anticipating the head crushing down.overrated.nice look indeed .
 This machine is the same model that I bought for myself years ago . When I went to help my daughter learn how to use it . The motor was very noticeably weaker than mine . Other than that it looks exactly a like.It also did NOT come with any book or warranty papers .
 The Classic worked fine when I was making pizza dough once a week with 2 cups flour but when I started using it weekly to knead bread dough with 5 cups flour it started leaking grease/oil . Not up to the task .
 I bought this model at Walmart , Dec 2012 . The package box says Model K45SSWH 275 watts and so does the mixer -LRB- sticker underneath -RRB- with `` Classic '' engraved , yet the Kitchenaid site says K45SSWH 250 watts , the 275 watts version being KSM75WH labelled `` Classic Plus '' . Free upgrade ? Yeah , right!Then , the recipe book shows the `` Artisan '' , and looks like it was made for it , not the `` Classic '' . Inside , no recipe indicates mixing more than 2 minutes at a time , literally , even with the hook while `` kneading '' . So I tried shortcrust pastry and pizza dough as per recipe book recommendation , making 2 quiches and 2 pizzas . But the mixer started struggling at the end of each mixing , vibrations , etc ... and I wondered
 I have owned my mixer for 14 months and it quit on Thanksgiving Day . For the price , the quality does n't match . I found out it has a nylon gear in the beater gear system and that gear was stripped , therefore the mixer would run but not rotate the beaters . They would not cover it under the warranty because it was 2 months over , neither would they sell you the nylon gear alone , but you have to buy the stack assembly of gears -LRB- ... -RRB- . If it only lasts a year this is not a good buy .
 I bought this when my friend took back her 5 qt . Ultra that I had on long-term loan . I had become dependent on the thing , you see ! Alas , I could only afford the 250 Watt , 41/2 Cup version . What a disappointment !!! It barely holds a single small batch of cookie or bread dough , overheating & straining with that . Also , do n't bother with buying a pour shield - Something about the shape of the 41/2 qt . mixing bowl sends everything up & out , unlike the bigger bowl on the more powerful version . -LRB- The pour shield is engineered with openings along the edge which allow the flour or liquids to still gush all over . -RRB- The mixing paddles & what-not do n't mix the entire bowl on this version , either , so you have to do a bunch of stopping & scraping the sides which is unecessary with the bigger one . Pay more -LRB- try refurbished ! -RRB- for the better one - you wo n't regret it .
 I own a KitchenAid mixer - which I loved until Motor Oil started leaking into my food . Just do a quick internet search on Kitchen Aid leaking oil and you 'll get plenty of information - in particular that the company wo n't do anything about it , other than tell you to use your mixer more often . Give me a break !! Everytime I use it , I sit with paper toweling to catch the oil before it gets into the food . No more Kitchen Aid or Whirlpool products in my house .
 I 've been using this mixer for about 18 months . The last few times I used it , I noticed dark oil in the bowl when I took it out of the pantry . I usually just cleaned it up and went about my food prep . Today , while making Christmas cookies , I watched as oil dripped out of the mixer into the cookie dough . I called KitchenAid to find out what was going on and was told that the oil is harmless , and that I should use my mixer more often . HUH ?? I asked about repairing the leak and was told that they all do it , if you do n't use them enough ! As for reparing it , well that could be as much as $ 125.00 . Obviously , KitchenAid is not what it used to be . Just Google `` KitchenAid mixer leaking oil '' to see the volumes of complaints . I know that I 'm not paying to fix a factory defect , instead , next spring this one will be in a garage sale . No more KitchenAid for me .
 I received this mixer for a wedding gift almost 8 years ago . I used it very little in the first years , just cookies maybe once a month . From the day I opened it , it made a `` weird '' noise when in use but because it was so infrequent I often forgot about it until I used it again , finally realizing my warranty -LRB- VERY short at only a year ! -RRB- was up . I decided to just use it until it died . It is still going but has been leaking oil/grease for sometime , today deciding to spew grease in my cheesecake . :-LRB- I went online to see why it was doing this only to find TONS of horrible reviews of similar situations and breaking mixers and horrible customer service . If it 's after a year it is n't their problem it seems . I think when you pay hundreds of dollars for a product it should come with some sort of care . Unfortunately KA has fallen in the last few years , no longer is it the product we will pass on to our children and grandchildren . So sad . I wo n't be buying another one when this one dies for good . I will go with Cuisinart or Viking .
 This product that I purchased has been sent back to the seller because it had already fallen out of the box it came in before I received it . It also was calimed to be almost bran new and it was dirty with food all over it from top to bottom . It was going to be a Christms present . This was the first time I have ever done this and I will not do it again . I am still waiating for my money back which I have n't received yet . I have pictures of the mixer that I took and the box it came in if you need them . I did not take the mixer home . I went to the post office when it came in and looked it over . The postmaster said you are not excepting this and sent it back . It was almost a week when I e-maled the seller if he had received and he said yes . He said he spent the money Amazon sent him and I would have to wait till he got sommore money before he could pay me .
 Did n't understand why a product would still be on your web site for availability when product was already sold .
 I have had this Kitchenaid mixer for nearly 7 years . I bought it because the high-powered Mixmaster , which I preferred , was not available at that time for a period of about 5 months in my area . While it is solid , and on many jobs does a decent job , it is very hard to use . The bowl is very hard to remove after mixing something , unless you lubricate it frequently , and even then is anything but a simple task . On top of that , its highest speed is pretty slow ; fast enough for a lot of things , but not even close to the speed of hand mixers . It gets a lot of praise for its dough making ability . I have used it for that , and have no problem with it , but there are better ways to make bread , and I have n't used the Kitchenaid for bread if four years . People use stand mixers for cakes and cookies much more than bread . Being confined to the one large bowl is also a problem , as compared with the Mixmaster . Some mixing is better done in a small bowl.Having put a lot of money in it , I am reluctant to buy a different one , but if I could give the Kitchenaid to someone who would appreciate it , I would do so , and buy a higg-powered Mixmaster .
 The machine functioned well , but the package condition upon receipt was very unsatisfying .1 . Styrofoan inside the package was partly damaged .2 . The cake mixer sample included was apparently cut open by a sharp object ; the flour and sugar was all over the place inside the box and on the machine -LRB- including the gap , the motor -RRB- .3 . Scratches were found on the surface of the Mixer.This item might not have been used , but was apparently not in brand new condition . I did n't want to spend time looking for packing material or else I would have returned it if the styrofoan was intact .
 I purchased this for my daughter , we have had Kitchen Aide Mixers in our kitchen for years . The one we received does not work on the first two settings and only works on high . For the money we spent , I would like to send it back and get a new replacement . I am having a hard time reaching anyone in Amazon that can help me with the transaction . We had a temporary membership during the holidays , and were concidering joining but will hold off until I see Amazon will make good on this purchase .
 It is a little bit riskly if the store selling the product is not known , in my case i bought 2 of those products , but one of them arrived broken , i imported to Mexico city and the local dealer , could not accept the warranty , so i think we need to reinforce our global marketing if not people will never buy more products ... . now for me is not easy to handle , because i can not return the product because it could be more expensive to do it that trying to fix it locally ... . well that is my comment for today ...
 The new models are not like the old ones ! All my friends have replaced theirs or complain about it constantly -LRB- one friend 's fell off the counter from making bread the first time she used it . -RRB- . You should not be able to give a 5 star review on a product that may have changed company hands or gone downhill since you bought it 100 years ago as this creates a false sense of security for those shopping them ! I have the original k-45 and it 's great ! I mean , it 's an ugly color but I got it on ebay 7 years ago and it still runs great ! You can still get bowls or tools for it from kitchen-Aid . I love mine but glad I do n't have to buy a new one . THIS product , however , does not deserve 5 stars !
 This is a very nice mixer . I would love to own and use it but It is alot cheaper at Walmart .
 After 18 months of occasional use the mixer died in a show of smoke and sparks . Kitchenaid says the warranty is 12 months , so `` tough luck '' .
 Myself and two friends all purchased these mixers around the same time two years ago . I use mine about once a week for either pancake batter , bread , or brownies and my friends did similar things . All three of our mixers have died with burned out motors . Mine died while mixing eggs.Some people who have written seem to have good luck with these mixers , but I do not know anyone .
 My Classic KitchenAid has just given up the ghost . I have used it lightly for 3 to 4 years , and beating egg whites it just stopped working ! When I dropped it off for repair , the technicians said that the newer models do n't last as long because many of the internals are made of plastic . This is just not good enough . I think once it is repaired , I 'll sell it and buy something that will hopefully last .
 I 'm disppointed . As others have said , it 's lousy for breadmaking
 I am thoroughly disgusted by this mixer . I love to make bread at home and have owned two Kitchen Aid mixers . The first one the motor burnt up and was no longer covered by there warranty . I swore never again but after a few years I decided to give it another shot and bought another one . Well after 30 days the same thing happened . I never mixed more than two loaves at a time although the manual says it can handle 33/4 loaves . Luckily this time I was able to bring it back and get a refund . These mixers are junk !!! I would not recommend these for anything other than cake batter or icings . DONT BUY if you intend to use it for bread !!!!!!
 Worked fine under very light use for four years . Kept extremely clean and maintained . And then it just died . Not built for longevity . The repair shop said it 's not worth fixing because Kitchenaid prices its parts very high . RIP .
 Never buy a KitchenAid mixer ... ours was a wedding gift -LRB- of course -RRB- and after 3 years of moderate use , the expensive piece of junk leaks oil into our food and all over the counter top . I 'm just glad we did n't pay for it . But our next mixer will definitely not be from KitchenAid !
 The stainless steel bowl becomes stuck every time I use this mixer . I have tried ice , WD-40 , and nothing works . When I called Kitchen Aid tech support they said the mixer can not be used for more than four minutes or the bowl will get stuck and can not be removed ! What good is a mixer that can only mix for four minutes ! My advice
 Our mixer -LRB- we love it 's function ect -RRB- started leaking brown machine oil into a batch of cookies and all over our counter . I called kitchen aid and they offered no free repair , replacement or any commitment to standing by the product . Great mixer but if something goes wrong you are flying solo ! I wish Le creuset made mixers ...
 I think this was my favorite gift this Christmas . My bread making experience has progressed from letting a bread machine do it all and hating the loaf shape to letting the bread machine knead and raise the dough to form my own loaves . OK , but I wanted more output . The first batch of dough from the KitchenAid K45SSWH used 8 cups of flour and pretty well max-ed out the bowl capacity . Dough definitely climbed the hook and had to be un-hooked several times while I adjusted the water content . That much dough slamming around really torqued the bowl onto the stand and it took a strong twist to unseat the bowl . I 'm 6 ' - 1 '' , # 200 and I mean a strong twist . Actual mileage may vary . Fit and finish of the machine and attachments looks really good . My wife is interested in pasta attachments so we 'll update as our experience grows.Revision 1Update from 2nd batch of bread dough.10-speeds ? I do n't think so . I found 5 speeds numbered 2 , 4 , 6 , 8 & 10 . However , this may be a manufacturing defect . While changing speeds from 2 to OFF , the machine detected a weak contact for the STIR speed . Jiggling the control is necessary to re-activate the STIR speed . Generally speaking , weak electrical contacts demand higher current to maintain power so they suffer a shorter lifespan.The bowl was easier to remove this time . Break-in helps , I suppose . I plan to query KitchenAid support about the issue of speeds . Will post the outcome.Revision 2 , 1/23/2012I have swapped e-mail w / KitchenAid support and the issue is still open.Revision 3 , 1/23/2012KitchenAid support has arranged a warranty replacement with a pre-paid shipping label for return of the defective unit . Let 's see how the new mixer works.Revision 4 , 1/26/2012After initiating return procedures 1/20/12 I received a replacement today . I 'm satisfied and enlightened . The K45SSWH is NOT a 10-speed mixer . I presume KitchenAid `` dumbed down '' the description to address a demographic with a 5th grade mentality . The K45SSWH is a VARIABLE speed mixer with six detents or presets , if you will . As the speed control is moved from Off/0 to 10 it clicks into 6 notches at STIR , 2 , 4 , 6 , 8 & 10 . Between those notches the speed increases at a variable rate . My wife noticed the variable speed aspect of the replacement unit and I found it present in the original . The only fault with the original unit was the unreliable operation at the STIR setting ... and the confusing description of the speeds . KitchenAid could avoid some customer service overhead by using a better description .
 While the KitchenAid I ordered through Amazon works fine , it was very poorly packaged and came with scratches and dents . The ad had claimed that it was factory finished , instead , the mixer clearly appears used and abused . I 'm glad that I have my KitchenAid , but it was a disappointing purchase .
 I mistakenly thought I was buying a quality product . My mixer leaks oil into the bowl . KitchenAid company is no help at all ! Do not waste your money on this bad product .
 My 14 yr old kitchenaid mixer 's motor blew , so I decided to purchase another kitchenaid mixer . I found the higher end mixer had several complaints so I decided to stay with the kitchenaid classic . Two weeks later , while creaming room temperature butter and sugar , the gears broke . Obviously the gears are still being made of plastic or very cheap metal ! For the price of the mixer , it should last longer than 2 weeks . I emailed the company , doubt I will receive a response !! I am telling all my friends to stay away from kitchenaid mixers !
 I have ordered reconditioned items frm Amazon and have been very happy and satisfied . Until I ordered this mixer , it came in a delapidated box , mixer looks used and dirty . The mixer bowl has scratches on it and dried icing stuck on the mixer arm . To make a long story short , it 's a `` BIG '' disappointment ! I have returned the item 2 weeks ago . Although I was impressed with the way Amazon had UPS pick up the item at no cost the very next day I notified them .
 Please , do yourself a favor and DO NOT BUY a KitchenAid Mixer . We purchased one for my wife and this unit was used 4 times before it quit working . We had contacted KitchenAid/Whirlpool about this failure and were told that nothing could be done as it had been outside of the 1 year warranty . It was 1yr . and 3 days to the date of purchase . So for the 3 days of `` extra '' warranty I was asking for , this company chose to ignore the customer . I will , NEVER purchase an item from KitchenAid/Whirlpool again . I wish everyone who owns on the best of luck but be prepared to spend more money soon .
 Granted , I am not a professional cook -LRB- I only cook for my family and for the occasional guests -RRB- , and there are many glowing reviews of this appliance , but I would not buy this KitchenAid mixer again .1 -RRB- It is very heavy . That 's good for not bouncing around on the counter , but I have to move mine from the pantry to the counter , and it is extremely heavy . 2 -RRB- I do not think that it mixes ingredients well . I always have to scrape the sides and get under the dough because there is often unmixed flour at the bottom . 3 -RRB- My kids -LRB- 5 and 7 years -RRB- like my old-fashioned MixMaster because they can see through the clear bowl and enjoy watching the ingredients mix . The KitchenAid has a metal bowl that is obviously not see-through and has to be hand washed . 4 -RRB- The beaters must be hand washed . 5 -RRB- Reaching into the bowl is a task , unless you do n't mind being covered in batter . The bowl is narrower at the top , so there is not much room to get a spatula between the sides of the bowl and the beater . 6 -RRB- Adding ingredients while the mixer is going is also a pain because of the narrow shape of the bowl . 7 -RRB- You can get a splash-guard sort of plastic device through which to pour wet or dry ingredients . But why should I need a device for a mixer ? There should be room enough to pour ingredients directly in . Also , then I have to store these plastic pieces , and they do not fit into the mixer.My mother says she likes making bread with her KitchenAid which I have n't tried . But for making cookies , cakes , mashed potatoes , etc. , I would not recommend the KitchenAid.It blows my mind that so many people have bought into this mixer with its many inconveniences . I just pulled out the KitchenAid to give it one more try making cookies and was again disappointed . Next time , I 'll stick to my cheap old MixMaster . Besides , my 2 girls each get to enjoy a beater a-piece with that one !
 My first Kitchenaid mixer was a hand me down after my Grandma died . That mixer was great . I only broke do to abuse at the end of a hammer -LRB- do n't ask -RRB- . I replaced it with a newer model and was disappointed right away . This one does not handle bread dough , it over heats and rattles . Now just three years after I purchased it the mixer is dead . I will only run on the highest speed and the top part wobbles and the pin works it 's way out . My mixer failed me on Thanksgiving day ! I 've hear that Hobart used to make this brand but now it 's being made by whirlpool . I 'm not going to buy another Kitchenaide .
 Poor packaging , bad smell on the machine , uncleaned , leaking oil , definitly not a new one like I ordered !! Very disappointed with it !!
 I ordered this as a gift for my daughter , thinking it was like the one I have had for 10 years . I did n't realize that the bowl does not have a handle , plus the low wattage leaves a lot to be desired for mixing basic things like thick cookie dough . With the handled bowl being so expensive as a separate order item , - and you WILL want the handle - it 's worth it to just get the 450 watt model with the handled bowl and pouring shield .
 ... My new Kitchenaid makes scraping the sides impossible until I first turn it off , unlock it and tilt mixer up . I have used the whisk attachment and because of the hump in the bottom of the bowl realized that scraping is necessary unless you want to leave unmixed product in the `` well '' surrounding the hump . I was mixing cake batter . I also had a hard time adding eggs while it was mixing , per the instructions , the bowl and whisk too close to permit adding eggs without dripping on the outside of the bowl . Now I have to , again , turn off the mixer , unlock it , tilt it and start again in reverse-place it back down , lock it , turn it on . What is the solution to avoid paying a hefty price for a product we have not used before ? ...
 I was so excited to FINALLY get a KitchenAid mixer . Being on a student family budget , it was a big purchase for us ! After hearing so many great things and reading 5 star reviews , I think I must have really gotten a dud . I will say that it is so nice to have an electric stand mixer . However , ours has given us a lot of problems every time I pull it out . Motor oil leaking into the food ? Check . Bowl does n't fit into the base ? Check . When bowl finally gets into place , it wo n't ever come out without a strong man around ? Check . Speeds up and slows down without being touched ? Check . Does n't handle bread dough very well ? Check.I can not use this without my husband around to help me get the bowl in and out . I have to watch carefully for leaking oil . I have to cut many recipes in half because it it too small and weak to handle them . I have found myself pulling out my hand mixer anytime I can get away with NOT using this . We should have held out for a better one .
 A word of warning - the Kitchenaides made in the past 10 or so years have a less powerful and durable motor than the older ones . If you like making homemade bread -LRB- like I do -RRB- purchase a professional mixer to knead your dough -LRB- or do it by hand like I do now -RRB- . Kitchenaides used on a regular basis to make homemade bread -LRB- especially using whole wheat flour -RRB- will destroy your motor . When you send the mixer in for repairs -LRB- under warranty -RRB- they will say you 've been using it commercially and refuse to stand behind their warranty . If you tell them you use it to make bread they 'll tell you it 's not made for that -LRB- they ca n't explain why they provide a dough hook though or neglect to provide any warnings against breadmaking in particular -RRB- . I 've always loved Kitchenaide appliances , my sisters is 15 + years old and going strong but my poor 4 year old mixer overheats and strains doing the same recipes . My next mixer will be a Magic Mill DLX Kitchen Machine , its twice as much , but will last like the old Kitchenaides do . I have to give 2 stars for the lousy warranty service and lack of honesty in their manuals.Update
 I was in Lowe 's this afternoon and saw a young woman struggling with a KitchenAid classic . I said `` hope you have better luck with the Classic than me . '' She said she was exchanging her Christmas present ... the one under the tree would n't turn on . I told her I bought one and exchanged it twice before returning it for good . All of them had gear problems.My ex-wire had one for 15 years without a hiccup . KitchenAid has changed hands and the bean counters figured a way to make more profit by issuing a dozen confusing models and stuffing them with plastic insides . Takes a real idiot to ruin a KitchenAid mixer.If you to www.kitchenaid.com and compare the various mixers you 'll see than only the Accolade and the professional mixers have metal gears . A good mixer should have hard , well-machined metal gears . Some of the kitchenaid mixers have metal gears but there are complaints all over the net saying the metal gears are cheaply made .
 My mother , grandmother , and aunts have all owned their KitchenAid mixers for over 30 years . Even with frequent use , not one of them has experienced any sort of mechanical problem . So , I was delighted to receive what I thought would be a mixer that would last me a lifetime . My classic appeared to be a workhorse - never straining , reliable . Less than 2 years later , with perhaps monthly use for relatively light-moderate tasks -LRB- no breads -RRB- , my mixer made a few loud sounds and then lost all speeds except stir and 10 . Upon researching , I discovered that Whirlpool changed the materials used to make the mixer when they took over . Initially , gears were made of plastic . Next -LRB- I suspect due to complaints -RRB- , KA advertised `` all metal gears '' yet held those gears together with a piece of plastic prone to breaking . As of April 2007 , some models are reportedly made with all-metal construction ; however , KA apparently makes no promises because old stock may still be on shelves .
 It is too heavy and bulky to return but so expensive ; I am sad I am stuck with it . For starters the accessories are a few milimeters short and if you dont have a lot to mix you should use a hand mixer because you may not reach the batter , but far worse than that is that it is and has been since I purchased it , temperamental . I have to bang and smack it to start it up . I wonder how long until it doesnt work at all . Comedic but inneficient .
 Why does Kitchenaid take an obvious shortcomming and turn it into the opportunity to sell you something else . As any cook who has ever used one of these machines or even watched a TV program with someone using one of these machines can tell you , the bowl is too narrow . Its impossible to add ingredients without stopping the mixer and raising the beater . Unless you use some kind of device or do n't mind spilling stuff all over.I think that Kitchenaid could have redesigned their bowls with a flared edge along one side that would serve two purposes . It would allow ingredients to go in and allow easy pouring for ingredients to come out . But instead Kitchenaid saw it is a chance to makes a gizmo that fits the top of the bowl to get ingredients in . And hey they can shaft folks for more money at the same time.I would also like to see the mixer shaft disengage when I am using the horizontal shaft for their attachments . And finally a better , more secure connection system for those attachments would be good .
 After a couple years of kneading whole wheat bread dough a couple times a week -LRB- only 1-1/2 to 2 pounds - much less than the purported capacity ! -RRB- , the mixer 's motor is overheating and the gears slipping enough that the dough is n't properly kneaded . It 's apparent that my mixer is about to fail completely . I contacted customer support , but was told that after the one-year warranty the company would n't replace or repair the unit , unless I shipped it to them -LRB- at a cost of $ 32 -RRB- , and then they 'd charge for the repair . Check the reviews before you buy , and you 'll find that this is a common complaint about the KitchenAid mixers - the gears do n't stand up to the demands of breadmaking , and the company does not stand behind this product .
 I bought a kitchenAid stand mixer for light use at home to make cookies and now the machine is leaking oil . Apparently this is a common problem because if you search the internet about this machine leaking oil you will find several blogs where hundreds of people complain about it . Please do research about this machine before you buy it . By the way , my daughter just got one for xmast and hers is also leaking oil . Check out this site and you 'll see how common this problem is and how the Kitchenaid company refuses to fix this problem . -LSB- . . -RSB-
 I use this machine primarily for kneading bread dough , one loaf at a time . It is barely able to accomplish the job
 We made the mistake of using the included dough hook to make bread . It did n't make it through the second batch , and while it still works it has n't been the same since . It 's leaked an oily substance ever since , and it 's struggling to do some simple mixing jobs . The last time we had it out , the motor started to struggle while whipping egg whites for meringues . It 's only 2-3 years old now , but I 'll be surprised if we get 5 years use out of it .
 The paint of the hook fell off just after two times of use.I got another hook but still the same.I was very careful not let the hook touch the bowl when it is working.The only reason is bad quality.Also , it is very hard to take off the bowl after use.I have to ask my husband to help me do it every time.So frustrated it 's so hard to find a good stand mixer with enough capacity for reasonable price in the U. S. .
 This is like putting a ` Corvette ' nameplate on a Chevy Cobalt/Cavalier . It does n't change what 's inside.KitchenAid has a proud name they are n't living up to.This mixer was used for making cakes several times a week . Light duty batter and frosting . Then the famous grease leak . KitchenAid customer service response
 I wish I had n't of bought this . I read another review where they said smoke was coming out of their mixer . I thought towards the end of making pasta with these attachments , that mine too would burn up the motor . I have the pasta rollers and cutters . More expensive but soooo much easier to work with and less stress on your mixer .
 I really think that I wasted my money when I bought this . I tried to make macaroni and it was a real mess . The dough comes out warm from the extruder ; therefore , the strands stick together . I will continue to buy macaroni and make everything else with my pasta roller , cutter set .
 After reading the negative reviews for this product , I decided to get it anyway - sure that `` they '' did not follow the directions . I should have listened . Pasta sticks together , clumps and is generally no better than the truly less expensive pasta I can buy at the store . I look forward to adding the pasta roller/cutters to my kitchen .
 I like metal disc because they last longer easier to clean plastic discs are harder to keep clean they break easily and by the time you need news ones they are no longer available .
 I bought for my machine . The pasta that comes out is too thin and breaks . I am a professional chef and I would not use this in my resturant . Save your money .
 I haver used it only one time . Only owned it a short time . Tried spaghetti and it formed OK , but it all stuck together and could not be sepatred with out tearing . I may try another shape next time and it might be my dough recipe but for now it generally sucks .
 This product does not deliver as promised . I followed the directions exactly as indicated in the instruction booklet . The pasta took for forever to extrude and the noodles were curled and sticking together before I even got to cut them off . After 20 minutes I realize that there would be no fresh pasta . My mixer was getting overheated -LRB- which never happens -RRB- . I took out my old fashioned roller/cutter and finished the batch . My recommendation - stick with the traditional pasta makers ; Kitchenaid missed on this one .
 I had nothing but bad luck trying to make pasta with this junk . The extruded pasta stuck together and is really a pain to try to pick it apart . I tried tweeking the recipe that came in the manual but still no luck . Not worth the bother . I am getting a roller attachment for my mixer . Total waste of money , time and effort . KitchenAid should take this off the market .
 I have been making pasta for years . So when I received the Professional 5 for a gift , I wanted to get the pasta attachment to make it easier on my hands . Was I wrong . Since it was their equipment , I used their recipe . I put the flat noodle plate in and 40 minutes later , I still did not have decent noodles . The holes in the plate are too narrow for the dough to pass through without overtaxing the motor on the mixer . It got very hot . I did not buy the pasta maker to ruin my mixer.I brought out my Marcato and had all the noodles drying in less than 10 minutes.The pasta maker is not worth the cost of postage .
 Have been wanting to get the pasta roller attachment and ran accross this plastic pasta maker at the store . Was really excited since it was in my price range . Took it home and tried to use it . My KitchenAid mixer starting smoking and so I let it rest for the hour . Upon removing the attachment I found oil and black rubber or grease was all over the inside of the attachment . -LRB- on the coil thing that pushes the dough through -RRB- Next time I wanted to use my mixer to beat egg whites it had no power . I sure hope this inexpensive attachment did n't ruin my wonderful mixer . Highly disappointed with KitchenAid on this attachment .
 Save your money . I got a kitchen aid mixer last year and LOVE it . So I decided to try the pasta plates . It took forever to make the pasta , and was a very tedious process . I followed the recipe included to the letter , and it still did n't help . I plan to return the plates . Such a disappointment from such a great mixer company !
 I have a Profesional 6 model , and I did everything the recipe said for 1 batch of regular spaghetti pasta . It did n't kill the mixer , but the motor became very hot ! I will never use it again . I also have the roto slicer/shredder , fruit/veggie strainer , food grinder & sausage stuffer attachments ... none of these have even made my stand mixer very warm . -- That tells me the pasta maker attachment is a bad product . I am thankful that my model is 525 watts ... I could only imagine what would have happened if I had a classic 300 watt model!My best advice is to pick up an inexpensive pasta machine or an Emperia hand crank pasta machine . They run between $ 20-40 without a motor or $ 80-120 with a motor -LRB- that you can also buy separately for $ 50-80 -RRB- . -- A very small price to pay , if you want to keep your KitchenAid Stand Mixer !
 Even if you already own the food grinder do n't waste your money on the pasta attachment . Since this is more of an extrusion pasta maker , the pasta does not get the nice thin texture that is necessary in fresh pasta . I made lasagna noodles from this attachment and had to roll out every noodle by hand after it had been extruded because it was n't thin enough.If you love fresh pasta , as I do , you would be better off buying the actual stainless steel , traditional pasta roller attachment for your kitchen aid . It is more expensive , but well worth the extra money . I use this attachment all the time and always get the results that I am looking for . When my husband purchased the pasta attachment it came as a set with the food grinder . The food grinder is awesome .
 As another reviewer noted , this is dangerous to the health of your Kitchen Aid mixer . In fact , I burned out the motor with my mixer , a gift of only two months . Even the literature that accompanies the kit insists that you let the machine cool off between uses , which suggests Kitchen Aid knows there 's a problem .
 I bought this right after I got my Kitchen-Aid , and a week later went out and bought a manual pasta roller for $ 39.00 . As others have said , the noodles stick together , and you do n't get as good a consistency as you do by rolling them out . Go with a roller , not this .
 I bought this product before the pasta roller was available . I find it very hard to keep the pasta strands from sticking together as they come through the grid plate . I would definately pay a little more and go with the pasta roller .
 i agree with other reviewers , it is barely adequate for lasagne and fettucini noodles , but I have never been able to use it to make spagetti no matter how i `` tweaked '' the recipe . All the other attachments I have for my mixer are very functional and I use the attachments on a regular basis . I have had these plates for about 15 years and even though I am an avid cook I have tried to use them about 5 times , always with poor results . Kitchenaid , stop selling this !!
 I was eager to try this gadget out last night with my new mixer and food grinder attachment , so I followed the Basic Pasta Recipe in the manual . After letting the dough rest for 15 - 30 mins by the cool window-sill -LRB- did n't have space in my fridge -RRB- , I hooked up the attachments with the spaghetti plate , set the mixer at Speed 10 according to the instructions and dropped a walnut-sized dough ball into the chute . It took a while for the dough to extrude and eveything stuck together . I tried to sprinkle flour as it came out but it was difficult , since the strands hung straight down . Even when I lifted them up to dust them , they were still stuck together . I tried a few more times , shutting down the mixer every few minutes as the motor was getting really hot . I thought the problem would be resolved by using the fettucine plate -LRB- thicker strands -RRB- , but the strands still stuck together since the `` holes '' were placed vertically . My Heavy Duty Plus mixer was burning up and I did n't want to `` kill '' it , so I stopped the machine , put the dough and srands in a Ziploc bag and threw it into the fridge . I had had enough - there was flour all over the counter and mixer from trying to dust the extruding strands which did n't help make them `` unstick '' at all ; and clean up was even worse . I spent more time trying to get the dough out of crevices , the plates , and even the grinder cover than I did on making only a small portion of pasta from the dough ! The only thing I like about this set is the bowl clips and that might be the only reason I would keep this set , since I got it for less than half the price at another store during a sale . This morning I decided to have egg noodle soup for lunch , so I boiled the spaghetti and fettucine strands separately from the soup . They tasted great ! The rest of the dough - I guess I 'll have to roll it out and cut it manually . Note
 I used this once , re-boxed it and then relegated it to the back of my pantry . I would have returned it but just never got around to it . It is impossible to make pasta with this attachment . My husband gave me a hand-cranked Al Dente brand maker that I love .
 I have a 350 watt machine thats about 12 years old and it could not even pull the dough to knead it -LRB- of course it ca n't even pull a double batch of cookie dough -RRB- . The machine stopped on me . I make homemade pasta often and ended up finishing the dough it by hand . Then tried to put the dough through the pasta maker and it stuck together . It could n't handle the dough any stiffer because it would stop on me . Ended up getting my Atlas out and finished up the pasta as usual . My Mother has a 525 watt Pro series machine thats 2 years old and it pulled it with no problem .
 The dough gets stuck in the funnel . When the pasta comes out it is all stuck together . Very hard to clean . Heats up the motor . PLUS , it 's useless unless you first invest in the expensive grinder attachment . This attachment is not up to KitchenAid standards .
 I have a manual pasta roller that makes great pasta . I thought this attachment might make the process easier , but it does n't work . Kitchenaid should stop selling this product because it is next to impossible to make it work . The noodles curl as they come out of the plates and unless you have an extremely dry dough , the noodles stick to one another . I even went as far as mounting the mixer so the noodles would extrude straight down , but they still managed to stick together . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY .
 We were very disappointed with this product . Normally Kitchen Aid products that we have bought have exceeded our expectations for quality and performance but this one falls short .
 I teach pasta making classes on a regular basis and have always used a hand cranked pasta machine . Last week a friend brough over his KA rollers for me to try . We attached them to my KA mixer , and WOW ! It was incredibly easy and made the absolute best textured pasta I 've ever had - EVER!I was so excited by the thought of being able to make extruded pastas with these plates I was going to jump on here and buy them right away -- that is until I read all these horrible reviews . THANK YOU EVERYONE !! I guess I 'll stick with my fettucine , linguine and lasagna and buy the wonderful rollers instead !
 Mmmm . Do n't we all love fresh pasta . There is something satisfying and satiating about eating your favorite pasta . Both my first grader and toddler love eating fresh pasta plain with just a dot of butter and dash of salt . I have a 5 qt KA and tried to use the pasta attachment several times , trying out all the various discs . I am rating the discs in the order of successful , presentable pastas :1 . lasagna noodles , comes out nice2 . flat noodles , noodles are presentable3 . thick spaghetti , the edges curl when it first comes out4 . macaroni , did not work at all .5 . thin spaghetti , spent more time cleaning the disc than making pasta.I have had previous experience making fresh pasta using the manual Atlas Pasta machine , where you attach this metal pasta roller on the counter and turn the crank and so on . Believe me , it is faster and easier using the Atlas than KA . In fact , I found it faster and easier to hand roll and cut the pasta for lasagna and the fettucine noodles.The KA Pasta attachment can not make more than 1 or 2 batches before your KA seem to heat up and the machine sounds like it is working over time . The theory and practice of KA Mixers and its attachment should be to make your life easier and cooking a pleasureable and a pleasant experience.KitchenAid Mixer is one of my favorite appliances and would recommend it highly . It is a must if you love to bake . However , I would not recommend the pasta attachment to anyone . -LRB- Buy the food grinder first , if you must have all the attachments , besides you have to have the parts from the grinding attachment before you can utilize the pasta attachments . I think the price of the plastic pasta attachments is over priced too -RRB-
 All other kitchen aid products are marvelous but this one is not . Burned up my stand mixer . Have also heard this problem from others using this product . Will not use this item again . But WILL continue to purchase other Kitchen Aid products .
 I love my mixer -LRB- this is my second kitchenaid ; I upgraded from the low-end model and gave my mom the old one ! -RRB- but I hate this accessory . I already had the meat grinder and figured that since we like pasta so much this would be a good investment . WRONG ! It simply does n't work . All the strands of pasta stick together as they come out of the holes , even when using the recommended/included recipe . Save your money and buy a hand-cranked fettuccine maker , or splurge and get a dedicated electric pasta machine .
 I am so disappointed with this item ! The blade bent within weeks of buying this mixer attachment and the can opener was useless . I 've given up and gone back to a manual can opener , and OXO model that makes me very happy .
 We 've had this item now for about 3 years - when we bought it it did ` nt work very well and now it 's even worse and will hardly open a can at all . Kitchen Aid made a lousy piece of equipment with this item . Makes one really wonder about the quality of their other items .
 This is the second one I recieved . The first one did not work at all . In order to allow the cutting wheel to cut the can lid , you must push the can into the can opener while it is spinning around . It works well enough to keep using , but just barely .
 KitchenAid CO Can Opener Stand Mixer AttachmentOur overall experience has been bad . Shortly after we purchased the opener , we had to hold the can at a precise angle to cut the lid clear . Over the three years we have had the product , the frustration level has just increased . To my knowledge , there are no adjustments to correct the issue .
 I bought this thinking it would be the best thing ever , but what I have is an opener that I do not use . It does not grip well , so that it skips around the can , missing portions of the rim to open . Therefore , you will need to go around 3-4 times to get it off , if it will even open it . I now just use the hand opener that my grandmother left to me ... boy they could build good stuff 30 years ago !
 I have now been thru two of these in three years . It is a waste of money as it has no durability . Two of these openers have failed after less than two years of use each , opening an average of 3 cans per week . When it works it is great , but after a while the mechanism deteriorates and becomes useless . KitchenAid was nice enough to replace the first one which had just gone out of warranty and now less than two years later the replacement has failed . After the first one failed I purchased the OXO Steel Can Opener -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/Oxo-58081-SteeL-Can-Opener/dp/B00004OCMM/ref=pd_bbs_sr_1?ie=UTF8&s;=home-garden&qid;=1222651468&sr;=8-1 -RRB- to use while my wife used the KitchenAid.My OXO is going strong while the KitchenAid failed . If my OXO should ever fail , no problem , lifetime warranty ; a phone call will get you a replacement.Save your money and do not buy this opener .
 After you finally get the can attached , you must push it up and let it complete about 3-4 complete turns before the can is completely opened
 I purchased this can opener and I loved it the first few times I used it , Now I hate it . It does n't open the can completely leaving a very dangerous and sharp lid for me to pull off . I do n't know if they can be sharpened , but for now it sits in a drawer . Maybe I will call Kitchenaid . As I own everthing they make .
 We purchased this accessory based on the quality of the stand mixer . All I can say is this accessory falls far short of the mixer quality . After a few uses the opener now fails to open cans completely . I have had to resort to pliers to pry the lid off . Finally gave up and purchased a good quality hand opener . It is working fine . The accessory has been retired to the ` junk drawer ' . Save you money and invest in a good quality hand opener , you wo n't be disappointed .
 I bought this thinking it would be great to attach to my mixer , and I would n't have a can opener on my counter . It worked ok for a few months . Now it wo n't even open a can . It has a lot of power , but it just goes around and it will not cut the can . It cuts sporadically , just an opening then it skips severals sections . It will not open cans . It was a total waste of money !
 Bought one of these openers at outlet in Blowing Rock , NC . It worked well for all of two days , then the opener teeth became completely unable to bite into any can rim . Threw it in the garbage as it was worthless . What a bad joke !
 The can opener had to go around a can at least 5 times to partially cut thru . I still had to take a knife and slide in the cut space to pop the lid out . VERY Disappointing !!!!! Sent mine back .
 Kitchen Aid is truly living only on its name recognition.This thing is a piece of junk ! Expensive junk!Right out of the box , it would n't open a can in three passes.Don ' t buy one ! Get a good stand alone at half the price.There is no `` zero '' star rating or I would give it that.I have used hand operated openers with roller cutting bladesfor many years and they work well and do n't leave behind metal shavings.It is a shame that this design can not be had in a stand alone electric .
 Worst Kitchenaid attachment ever , we are on number 3 , all covered by warranty and now have asked for our money back , for almost $ 40.00 I can find a lot better can opener without the headaches .
 i have had this product for awhile now and frankly it has been a nightmare . it does not work !!!!! in the beginning the cans fell out and never opened on the first pass . as time passed the problem became worse eventually the can do not open at all and the cans push right out or fall out while spinning , now the cans do not open at all . i went out ad bought a new hand crank . eventually i feel all of you will be this unhappy . i have had this opener for a few years and it became completely nonfunctional after 6 months .
 I paid for a new opener , Amazon had the nerve -LRB- or the company they deal with -RRB- a used one . It was scratched up , obviously used , the warranty slip even had a coffee stain on it . Come on , I have no faith in Amazon .
 I purchased this can opener thinking this would be a great attachment and I could do away with my old can opener . It is bulky -LRB- it sticks out to far -RRB- and very hard to open ! It also opens up from the left , instead of the right like most can openers do . I would not suggest this product !
 I bought it because I get it for `` free '' - special offer from Amazon - never realy use it , it is like `` unconvinient '' to use at least for my wife ; - -RRB-
 This was my second can opener for my Kitchen Aide . The first one worked great for 7 + years and when it started to fail I ordered another one with no hesitation . This new one is not what the older one was at all . It skips as it goes around the cans and sometimes has to make 3 + rotations to open a can . I often end up using my hand opener so I wo n't get annoyed with the electric one . Maybe this one is defective cause my first one was wonderful .
 This can opener has been horrible since the beginning . It does NOT open cans easily . Sometimes the can has to go around 30 times before it is opened . We bought the can opener because Kitchen Aid usually means great quality , but not in this case . What a waste of money !!
 I was really looking forward to getting this . But I have been very dissapointed . The cans always fall off and it rarely opens a can all the way . It is frustrating ! Not worth the $ 40 I paid for it .
 Bought this can opener attachment because I have had my kitchen aid mixer for years and have been very happy with it . I though I could not go wrong by buying the kitchen aid can opener attachment but I was wrong . It does not grasp the can properly thus creating and even cutting surface on the can . After using this attachment I still have to get out the manual can opener to finish opening the cans . I will be returning this product shortly . I am very disappointed after spending all the time to research and the money this thing cost is just seriously flawed product . Do n't buy this attachment .
 This can opener does n't work well . The seller is reluctant to make it good and has stopped answering my e-mails . Watch out for Rudys deals they wo n't make things good if they do n't work
 I had really hoped based on some of the previous reviews this was the King of can openers . Well I have had this attachment and used it a fair bit for a year , maybe actually even two now and have to officially declare it no better then any other o.k. at best electric can opener . It really only works sometimes on some cans and usually take several revolutions just like most electric can openers . It only gets worse with time just like most electric can openers . Far too often you are left with a lid you have to open the rest of the way with a manual can opener just like most electric can openers . It sticks out of the front of the kitchen aid like an ugly sore thumb unlike most can openers.I still find a good manual can openers to be far superior to any electric option . It 's funny when you think how long cans have been around and how hard it is to find an easy powered way to open any can automatically and efficiently .
 I bought this kitchen aid attachment for my mixer and sent it back . Although it worked fine , it was pain to attach it and remove it , just to open a can ! I found that an `` under the cabinet '' can opener was my best option - much more convenient.I would not buy this appliance .
 Grew up with this option on my mom 's Kitchen Aide mixer , worked like a charm for 30 years through 2 mixers . I expected the same from this one but it cuts unevenly , leaving spaces of lid still attached , have to put it back on the opener , cut it over and over making more passes until it finally cuts all the way around . Really miss the old quality made opener , very dissapointed . Hope Kitchen Aide will make it right . I might have just gotten a lemon .
 I bought this thing for my mother because of limited counter space . I thought it would be a really heavy duty and long lasting kitchen tool . Sadly it lasted for about 2 months of daily used before it failed . The failing was related to tolerances between the wheel and cutter depth . I was very disappointed when she had me look at it for possible repair . It is a riveted together and stamped steel piece of crap . Surely not worth what was paid for it by half . Save your money .
 I wish my can opener attachment worked like the ones everyone else apparently has been using , but unfortunately ours barely works at all . We received it as a wedding gift , and it starts to open cans but then will catch . I NEVER have a can open the first time around . In fact , I never have a can completely open . I always have to pry it open with a fork or knife ; some part of the lid is always attached to the sides of the can.I 'm throwing mine in the garbage and buying a hand-held can opener again . Maybe ours is faulty . I registered for it because of the wonderful reviews on Amazon , but it 's just terrible . And I know I 'm using it correctly ! Again , maybe ours is faulty , but buyer beware !
 I expected this to be a favorite purchase -- it was a KitchenAid product , and would keep another applicance off of my countertop . But , instead , it 's one of the worst purchases I 've made . If it manages to open the can at all , it will be after the can has gone around 3 or 4 times . VERY disappointing .
 Not clicking to the bowl , jumping of the bowl while mixing , creates more mess . NO use , after trying few times !
 Kitchen Aid I love your products however you missed the boat with this cheesy thing . It will break in a heartbeat if you are not SUPER CAREFUL.I also do n't like the way it sits on the bowl , it is so loose . You have to have it on a certain way or the paddle wo n't turn properly.I almost wish I would have waited another 30 years to buy it . I have had my Kitchen Aid since 1979 and it is still going strong . There is no way possible that the shield will last a year with contanst use . Sorry but this product is not Kitchen Aid worthy !
 But I have to say that I purchased this item to use with my KitchenAid stand mixer to be used as a splash shield which I realize it is not.I found it to be desperately needed when mixing items that are fairly liquid , like my pumpkin pie mix . However , what is really needed is a splash shield and I realize that the name does n't really say anything about shielding splashes , just pouring . And for that I suppose it 's ok , although I do n't know that it 's really needed for pouring -LRB- guess depends on the type of item -LRB- s -RRB- your mixing . When I 'm done , I still have to check the wall and items near the mixer for splashes , which are always there . I suppose it would be good for adding flour or other powders maybe.Also I treat it with kid gloves when storing and washing as it seems to be somewhat flimsy , I 'm afraid I 'll break it . And be careful when using it as there is not a significant overhang to secure it to the bowl . One time my attention strayed slightly and I must have been holding it with my hand and it just slipped off one side and INTO the bowl . Thankfully , I was on the lowest speed mixing and I yanked it out -LRB- probably not wise -RRB- immediately.I know this is the only shield out there for KitchenAid and I can admit it is needed . But the product is DEFINITELY overpriced .
 My two piece splatter shield came with the KA mixer I purchased about 20 years ago . The mixer still runs beautifully but the splatter shield is problematic . One of the tabs broke off completely so I use one hand to hold it together while with the other hand I try to contain the flour spraying out from between the lip of the bowl and the loose splatter shield . What I would like it a snug fitting shield with a silicone gasket to prevent the spray out . The spray out problem is not caused by the broken tab , but by the loose fitting design . I 'm trying to decide whether to purchase another shield ... might go with the one piece because there is less chance of breakage but on the down side - more room for flour to fly out because of the open area in the design .
 This is a big waste of money if you are looking to buy one for your pro series mixer . The claims that it will fit any 4.5 qt and 5qt are inaccurate .
 i found that the shield does n't properly fit with the 5-quart mixer . it seemed to make more of a mess than be of any real use .
 I 've had my pouring shield for about 5 years , and only used it once . I 've tried to use it numerous times , but it comes apart when I do n't want it to . It is very difficult to maneuver ingredients around this clumsy plastic piece . This is the only piece of Kitchen Aid equiptment that I have ever been disapointed with . I would certainly consider investing in something more useful than this piece .
 I 've had my stand mixer for about eight years now and I LOVE it . However , I 've never been a fan of the two-part pouring shield design . It 's always coming apart and popping off the bowl.I see that Kitchen Aid 's Web site now offers a shield that is one piece -LRB- $ 24.99 -RRB- . I think I 'm going to have to put that one on my wish list !
 I wanted a shield to allow easy addition of ingredients to the mixer , but this one is not designed well enough to facilitate it.The shield comes into two parts , held together by the rim of the bowl and two small tabs . It easily falls apart when removing and is hard to get back on without taking the whole thing off and putting it back.The funnel portion is not long enough to allow ingredients to be poured . Often , the component added spills or gets on the mixer.The rim of the bowl is too big as well . With the whisk attachment on the mixer , you can not swing the top without hitting the rim . You have to perform a complex manuever of lifting the top a small amount , and then rotating the shield so that the pouring section aligns with where the whisk is stopped.This product needs a serious redesign to serve its function .
 The description says it fits 5 quart stand mixers . I have a 5 quart Kitchen Aid Professional series and it does not fit . I returned it and now am waiting for a shield for my mixer that is on backorder . Better identification would have prevented this problem .
 Do n't waste your money . The pour shield is engineered with openings along the edge which allow the flour or liquids to still gush all over . -LRB- I got one for my 41/2 qt . Kitchen Aid stand mixer -RRB-
 Let me be honest . I do n't like this attachment . It sits too close to the arm of the mixer . Therefore if you pour anything in while the mixer is going , it just puffs up around you . I works if you take the time to turn the mixer off , but otherwise , you will have nice clouds of flour while making cookies . Since it sits too close to the arm , the food just gets all over the mixer , and you spend more time cleaning off the mixer than what you would save . I would recommend that you spend your money on an extra bowl rather than this .
 I found this up on the shelf over the refrigerator yesterday , took me a while to remember what it was . It was up there with the 50 pounds of paprika I could n't live without . I love my KA mixer , I think maybe I used this thing twice . It does work if you remember to drag out the step stool and deal with all the dross on top of the fridge , but I really think it 's not worth the effort . I never had any trouble using it , but if you are like me , the counter gets flour on it anyway when you do the final kneading , so what 's the problem . It 's just one more thing to wash . Other than dry ingrediants , I ca n't think of what else you would use it for . It 's cute , I 'm trying to teach the cats to jump through it until I put it back up in the cupboard ... that means I 'd have to clear off the step stool again and climb up ... maybe it belongs down cellar , that 's easier . Not an essential item in my kitchen .
 I made a mistake on the size - should have ordered one for 6 qt so I wrote to ask if I could exchange it more than a month ago but have not yet heard from them . Meanwhile , I have given up their response and am thinking of ordering a 4/5 qt . bowl which I really do n't need .
 I love the product . I am reviewing the misleading way Amazon lists the S/H fee . You ca n't even see that they charge an additional fee , because they put it in a light grey color . It cost half the price of the product . If I had seen that information , I would n't have ordered the product from them . Absurd!I work for a company that ships product all around the country daily . I understand how much it costs , how long it takes , and the work that goes into it by all the departments . I will not order from this company again and I will definitely keep my eyes open for the S/H placement . Key point , do n't order product in the dark , as you wo n't see the additional fees in the grey color .
 This one is the wrong size for my Kitchen Aid Mixer . Would like to return it for the proper one . I have a 5 quart Kitchen Aid Mixer.Tom Wright
 While checking with KitchenAid customer service regarding this particular pouring spout I was advised it was no longer made nor sold by KitchenAid due to the complaints by customers of the 2 piece design and it falling into the bowl . I was advised to purchase the 1 piece pouring shield for my mixer and am so grateful to have read other comments on Amazon by customers advising to call KitchenAid ... such a great site where consumers rule and are not limited to speak the truth.I have since purchased the 1 piece pouring shield , bowl covers and an extra bowl for my mixer .
 After clicking to buy the 5qt . Prof mixer , I clicked on two suggested attachments . Unfortunately , this was the wrong size for my unit .
 I am disappointed in this item . It fits loosely on my bowl and is not what the picture looks like . It does not protect from spatter all the way around . I should have kept my paper work and sent it back .
 In spite of the size specifications on this product it does not fit . It cost qlmost as much to return as the original price so I 'm stuck with it . It 's too big for the 5 qt bowl lift mixer in spite of what it says .
 I received a incorrect Pouring Shield , KitchenAid #KPS @CL , than what I needed for my wife 's KitchenAid stand mixer Model #KV 25GOX . Amazon lists the shield as fitting a KitchenAid 5qt stand mixer . KitchenAid makes a lot of 5qt stand mixers and not anywhere does Amazon.com ask or have a place requesting what your model is so that the correct item can be shipped.The item I received was purchased through Amazon.com but sent from Polsteins Home & Beyond and my request for imfomation to return item have been through Amazon.com 's forwarded email system which I have sent 2 request and have heard nothing.I would n't order this item through Amazon.com again .
 I have a 25 year old Kitchenaid which in my estimation is gold standard for home-kitchen stand mixers , and I used to cook professionally so I 've used a few . This so-called shield , however , does n't measure up to the brand standard . It is not as snug as it ought to be , and powdery ingredients fly out from under where it ought to seal to the bowl . The problem would be realtively easy to resolve with a rubber or silicone gasket to make an actual seal , but they have n't bothered despite the products perpetually mediocre reviews on most sites . Cooks who own Kitchenaid mixers are pretty serious about their cooking and their issues should be given the attention they merit . Wake up Kitchenaid .
 I regret the 1 star rating but it does NOT reflect the performance of the shield itself , because it does NOT fit my new Professional 5 Plus 5 Qt K/A Bowl Lift-Stand Mixer as stated in the product description above !!! The MIS-INFORMATION in the product description itself is very misleading and is the actual problem I am addressing here . Based on the product description above , which states that it fits ALL 41/5 & 5 Qt K/A Mixers , I ordered and paid the full Amazon price for it . It 's only a piece of plastic and $ 21 -LRB- $ 29.99 full retail -RRB- is not the end of the world IF it fits but it does not ! Not even close - it is approx 3/4 of an INCH too small ! The Professional 5 Plus Mixer bowl is 9.6 inches in diameter . This shield is 9 inches so it fits the narrow 5 Qt bowls , not the 5 Plus ones . According to the best info I can acquire , as even the Kitchen Aid Website is not that clear about the 2 sizes of shields they offer , this should fit the Artisan Series , but please do n't take my word for it and CONFIRM with K/A Customer Service for yourself before ordering . For now I have a shield I can not use . My only choice is to PAY the return shipping myself and then Re-order the correct size , which according to Kitchen Aid Customer Service , is Shield # KN256PS for my Professional 5 Plus . This is way too much hassle for a simple item that does come included with some Mixers , but not all . For the $ 310 I paid for my Mixer , I think it should have been included . However - all this being said , I love my new Mixer and this mix-up will not keep me from enjoying it or even from remaining an Amazon.com Shopper . For the many years I have been one , this is only the 2nd or 3 issue that has come up with Amazon . Amazon has indeed dropped the ball on this one though and i hope they will correct it SOON for the sake of other shoppers . They sell tons of K/A Mixers and they are not cheap so please take care of us Amazon - we K/A owners / buyers deserve the correct info on these items ! I do n't like being negative , but need to be truthful about this situation in hopes of helping someone else avoid this same pitfall prior to ordering the wrong item . Hope this helps - Thank you !
 Basically , the title of my review says it all ... for the price , it should at least fit -LRB- but it does n't -RRB- , it 's very cheaply manufactured and to get it to DO any sort of `` splatter guard '' you have to hold it down manually which defeats the purpose .
 This item had to be returned because it did n't fit my Kitchen Aid - there should be an easier system for matching up accessories !
 I have a standing mixer that does not have the option of flipping up to add new ingredients , so I thought this would be nice to add like flour down the shoot , but it just does n't work.First , the piece does not clip tightly to the bowl causing it to slip around a bit around the top edge of the bowl . Second , the shoot is not at a sharp enough angle for the ingredients -LRB- like dry flour -RRB- to slide down the shoot , leaving you shaking the already flimsily attached pouring shield to get the flour into the bowl . Third , if you give up on pouring dry ingredients down the shoot , this has made the area that you can dump things into the bowl in narrower because it 's shielding the top edges of the bowl . I have tried this several times now , and now I never use it .
 Our newly purchased pouring shield does not fit our 1973 K45 model mixer & bowl . It 's slightly too small to fit over the rim . Our bowl is the original one that came with the mixer . I 've contacted Kicthen Aid about this and am awaiting their response.B & K in L.A.
 What I ordered and what they sent was two different things . I did send it back and get a refund . I found the product on another site . Was told they do n't make this anymore .
 Save your money ! I purchased this item in hopes to reduce the mess . I attached the guard -LRB- did not fit well -RRB- , added my ingredients , slightly bumped the guard and it fell into the mixer bowl while it was mixing . Needless to say , it jammed my kitchen aid mixer and off-set the attachment and the bowl ; I recommend using a big damp towel and cover the entire unit when you try to mix flour , powder sugar , etc. type of ingredients .
 I 've got ta say , I really think this thing is more trouble than its worth . My mom bought this for me , and it rarely got used . Somewhere along the line , she forgot she gave me the first one , and bought me another one . So the older one sits in the cupboard looking very lonely keeping the second one company - still in its box . Here 's why
 The professional 5 qt . series has a wider bowl than the regular 5 quart . I was given no info . that it would not fit this model . I was dissapointed as I feel this attachment would be helpful
 I used this `` Pouring Shield '' before my sister -LRB- who owned the kitchenAid mixer -RRB- moved out , and now I 'm deciding whether to buy a KA mixer of my own , but in any case , I do n't think I will purchase this `` Pouring Shield '' . I ran into two problems with this product
 everything that the others said is true ! it falls apart it wont stay put . The person who likes theirs must have gotten a `` defective '' one in that it works the way it 's supposed to for her -LRB- ? -RRB- I have had better luck keeping things in the bowl by just going at lower speeds then slowly increasing and things do n't splatter . Otherwise I use a damp handtowel like I did with my mother 's ancient kitchenaide , which by the way is still gowing strong !
 I am still trying to make this attachment work , but the mixer really does not have enough power to push the dough through the extractor . It is also very picky about how wet or dry the dough is . Too wet clogs the grinder worm , too dry gets stuck in extractor . I did manage to make one batch work , but am not sure what I did !
 I recently purchased the grinder attachment as I had the pasta plates . In trying to make pasta I found that the strands immediately clump together and while we tried to sprinkle them with flour as they came out of the extruder it was to no avail . We gave up and ran the remaining dough through our old reliable Atlas . It worked flawlessly and clean up was a snap . The KitchenAid grinder and pasta attachments are still soaking in a tub of hot water . It is too much trouble to use . We will stick with the Atlas .
 This product is poorly designed , and not cheap , so I recommed against purchasing it . The first problem is that you have to get the consistency of the dough just right or the machine works too hard to extrude it . Second , and worse , is that the noodles come out in a circular arrangement , so the higher ones will fall onto -LRB- and invariably stick to the top of -RRB- the lower ones . You would have to have a second person sifting flour continuously onto the noodles as they come out , resulting in quite a mess . The device could easily have been designed to shift from a round input to a pinched , flat end for extrustion in which the holes were arranged in a flat , horizontal row . The lasagna noodle attachment is the worst of all ; the sheets come out curled up and stick badly , and are n't wide enough anyway . A rolling pin could do a better job ! If you 're making lasagna you want a wide roller not an extruder . Fortunately KA makes a VERY good -LRB- albeit very pricy -RRB- roller attachment , which I 've used successfully for lasagna , crackers , dumpling and ravioli skins , as well as linguine . Save your money , get the roller set , make your own flat noodles , and buy the extruded ones at the store . Finally , to be worth the cost , this should have at least shipped with the sausage stuffer tubes included , which are just a couple of pieces of plastic , after all . At least that way I could use the screw to extrude sausage meat and fill some links .
 I ordered this item as a gift , but ended up needing to return it , unopened . The item actually comes from DiscountJungle , and they charge a 15 % restocking fee !! So be sure you want this before you order it !
 Somehow I got a version of this that is incompatible with the Kitchen Aid stand mixer . The attachment plug is larger than the receptacle on the mixer and the feed screw has the wrong kind of dongle -LRB- flat tip vs. square plug -RRB- to be used int he mixer anyway . It also does n't have the anti rotation nub . But it says Kitchen Aid on it . Make sure you keep the receipt and boxes if you purchase this or receive it as a gift . Otherwise Kitchen aid is great .
 In the past I 've used a Marcato hand cranked pasta maker which always did a good job . However , since I have a KitchenAid stand mixer , I decided to purchase their pasta maker attachment for $ 70.00 and could n't wait to try it out the first time . What a disappointment . I followed their recipe , but I could n't separate the noodles when they were extruded . I wound up with a big messy glob of dough that I dumped in the garbage . I will never use it again ; instead I will go back to my hand cranked pasta maker which works just fine .
 I did n't bother coming here first because Amazon wo n't ship this attachment to Australia.Anyway , I finally got the thing the other day , after a lot of trials and tribulations , from a local store that was able to get it for me . And after all the effort and waiting to get it , what a huge letdown . I honestly expected more from KitchenAid.I have not used the grinder to grind - I did n't need a food grinder . I only purchased it to make pasta , and the plates are made to be used with the food grinder only.I have worked as a professional cook , have successfully made hundreds or maybe even thousands of kilos of from-scratch fresh pasta in my life , and have never come across such a reputable manufacturer offering such a poorly designed product as this . Shame on you , KitchenAid.For years , I 've used my little Italian hand-cranked pasta maker , and thought I 'd try this one because it would allow me to make tubular macaroni . I also thought the extrusion process would be easier than cranking . Not true.As others have said , getting the consistency just-so for extrusion is tricky . A couple of batches ended up in the rubbish.The object is to continue to drop walnut-sized pieces of dough into the tube , while also catching the pasta as it comes out of the machine . Because it tends to get warm and stick together in one huge blob , people on the KitchenAid boards have suggested sprinkling the emerging pasta with flour . And for this , you need three hands . Those of us lucky enough to have been born with three arms may find it a breeze , but the rest of us will struggle . And this is not even to mention the additional mess -LRB- and wastage -RRB- of the sprinkled flour ! By the time I was finished -LRB- or rather , surrendered -RRB- , the place looked like an explosion in a flour mill ! -RRB- . The first disk I started with was the noodle disk , and then went to the lasagne disk.I ca n't see how the lasagne disk can be used for ravioli , as it has a `` join '' in tbe middle of the dough -LRB- which can be seen as a transparent streak . This is because the dough is actully extruded from this disk in two pieces which join when they are dropping from the disk -RRB- . I ca n't see that pasta holding up to being filled and boiled.The instruction booklet -LRB- it was the European version -RRB- was a letdown - only one recipe - `` Basic Egg Noodle dough '' . The recipe in English was in the `` home style '' volume measurement of cups , whereas the European measurements were in weight -LRB- used by professional cooks , because it 's more precise -RRB- . I used the European ones , except that was difficult to translate the names of the ingredients -LRB- KA , please give us weight recipes along with the volume measurement ones , in English -RRB- . I could n't believe that the KA website does n't have any recipes ! Do they really want to sell these things?The instructions could have been clearer . I expected to drop a walnut-sized piece of dough into the machine , and have at least something come out . But the first piece is for the ` screw ' . It takes until the second piece and beyond , before you start seeing pasta . They could 've mentioned that , as I thought I was doing something wrong.I do not recommend spending money on this pasta maker -LRB- the food grinder might be good . I have n't tried it -RRB- . The only thing this purportedly does that my hand-cranked one does n't is tubular macaroni , and after seeing how it handled simple fettucine , I have my doubts about it -LRB- also , the instructions said that macaroni could not be dried and kept , but had to be used within 4 hours of making , which may not always be practical -RRB- . I 've decided that if I need macaroni , I 'll buy it ! The rest will be more than adequately handled by my dependable Atlas machine -LRB- for which I now intend to get the add-on motor -RRB- . Now , I think I 'll go to ebay and list this attachment , since I have no need for the grinder part , and the pasta function is pretty dismal .
 As a pasta enthusiast -LRB- but amateur cook ... -RRB- , I 've used everything from a hand-crank pasta roller -LRB- only works with 2 people unless you buy the motor ! -RRB- to this Kitchen Aid attachment . From this pasta attachment , the noodles immediately chunk together , and require extremely delicate effort to get apart . Do n't even try ot use a non-egg noodle recipe or semolina flour recipe - the dough , while tastier - takes too long to stiffen up without the eggs , and clumps into globs , not noodles ! I thought I 'd save time and money by buying this pasta extruder - but it 's frustrating and takes forver to get the delicate noodles apart . -LRB- We 're not even going to mention time spent cleaning the attachment ... -RRB- The better solution ? Well , apart from re-designing the attachment -LRB- Why are the extrusion holes in a CIRCULAR FORMATION ?!?!?! -RRB- , this is what I 'm going to try
 I agree with the reviewer below who says that it is impossible to make the dough dry enough to not get all gummed up . It is easier to make pasta with an inexpensive hand-operated roller than it is with this attachment . I ended up buying the KitchenAid pasta roller attachment , which does a much better job .
 This item sounds like it will work but BUYER BEWARE!As the noodles come out they run back together.I am a professional in the business and have tried everything , including letting the noodles fall into a bowl of flour to keep them separated but nothing seems to work . Definitely a BAD idea by Kitchen Aid .
 I purchased this attachment in hopes of making pasta shapes which were n't possible with my hand crank pasta maker , or simply to save time , but after many failed attempts and much cursing , I returned it . As several other reviewers have commented , the pasta clumps together as it is extruded , no matter how dry the dough . The motor seems to heat up the dough , so that it becomes impossibly sticky , and the noodles do n't come straight out as one might hope . Definitely a bad investment .
 My experience mirrors that of the other negative reviewers . The pasta sticks together as it is extruded . I am an experienced cook , but I am giving up on this after much frustration .
 I bought this attachment for the meat grinder and have used it several times , it 's great and easy to clean . After owning it many years , I got the idea to finally try the pasta plates but wished I had read the reviews first ... I do n't think I would have attempted this project . In fact , I was about to buy the pasta roller attachment today but decided to try the one I had so I did n't have to spend the extra money . Now I am concerned about my very dependable KitchenAid ProLine ... it has the larger motor.I followed the directions but the dough just would n't extrude , until my boyfriend decided the answer was to turn up the speed and press harder on the pusher . Once pasta started to come out -LRB- and yes , it did stick together -RRB- the machine immediately started to get warmer and warmer and started to smell a little . We ended up arguing -LRB- because the pasta is n't worth ruining my machine -RRB- . It just does n't seem like a well-designed attachment , not when you have the stronger model and it 's still doing what most of the reviews describe . I am actually pleased to read all the bad reviews ... I thought for sure I was doing something wrong and I was not!In the end I tossed the stuck-together pasta with a little flour and they stayed apart pretty nicely . I reluctantly put the pasta in the boiling water -LRB- I had box pasta on hand just in case -RRB- and they cooked about 2 minutes or so . They were delicious . Very fresh , very light and tasty . Much better than box pasta!Unfortunately , I wo n't be using the pasta feature again and I am hoping that my mixer has n't suffered any damage . I tried it after letting it cool a few hours and it sounds a little different . I sure hope it 's ok.At the moment , I am looking at buying the roller attachment -LRB- those reviews look great/very positive -RRB- but I since I am uncertain about my machine now , I do n't know what to do.I strongly agree with the rest of the reviews ... it 's not worth damaging your machine .
 There is a reason most pasta machines have the noodles come out horizontally - so they do n't get all stuck together . I was up almost all night trying to get the noodles separated , by hand , one-by-one and on to the drying rack without breaking . This attachment was a huge disappointment and I could n't care less about the meat grinder . Another problem was black grease all over my hands and I never did find the source . What a mess !
 I did not exceed the `` make 2 batches then let the mixer rest for 1 hour '' but before I finished my batch the mixer started making a horrible grinding and clunking noise.I turned it off and cleaned out the rest of the dough , and then put an icepac on the top of the mixer ... it was SOOOOO hot !!! Now I have no KA mixer : -LRB- YAY I get to go online and research how to fix my mixer , or pay to have it serviced , or drop it at the recycling place . DANGIT !! I paid for 2 day shipping because I was so excited to get my pasta going .
 Luckily this attachment came bundled with the grinder attachment or I would have returned it immediately . I thought it would be fun to make fresh pasta with my children . Boy was I embarrased when all we were able to make was a mess ! The noodles came out of the machine completely clumped together and warm . Just gross ! I think I will buy a proper pasta roller -LRB- with motor ! -RRB- and forget this headache ! I wonder though ; how did this thing pass the test kitchens !
 I CA N'T SAY THAT I 'M COMPLETLEY SASTIFIED WITH THE PRODUCT.THE KITCHENAID FELT EXTREMELY WARM AFTER MAKING A 1/2 BATCH OFPASTA , I THOUGHT THE MOTOR MIGHT FIZZLE OUT IF THE WHOLE BATCH WAS MADE AT ONCE ! WITH THE TIME/PREP/CLEAN UP INVOLVED , BUY THE NOODLES IN THE STORE !
 Well , an hour later and all my wife and I have is a sink filled with dry Dry DRY pasta dough and a mixer that feels like it 's about to catch fire.This pasta maker DOES NOT WORK . The dies have slots so close together that you ca n't MAKE the dough dry enough for them not to adhere to one another the moment they emerge from the front.I kept thinking as I bore down with much of my -LRB- considerable ! -RRB- weight on the maple plunger -LRB- which does n't even fit the bore of the grinder -RRB- , `` If I had decided to roll this pasta out by hand , I 'd be done by now ... `` I 'm taking this item back TOMORROW and getting an old-fashioned crank roller like our parents used ... I 'm appalled that this piece of junk has the Kitchenaid name on it .
 I have loved my Kitchenaid mixer from the first time I turned it on , and believe strongly in the construction of Kitchenaid products as a whole . But I received the pasta maker attachment for Christmas and am just heartbroken to see that Kitchenaid would continue to sell something that so many people have indicated does not work . Like all the other reviewers here , my pasta stuck together as it was extruded , no matter how much flour I used , how long I let the dough rest , or what I covered the pasta disks with -LRB- italian dressing , water , etc. -RRB- . I just do n't see how this could have passed any quality inspection with Kitchenaid , or after all of these reviews why Kitchenaid would continue to sell it . Following all of their directions for the product to a tee does not produce any usable pasta.I have contacted the company directly about this , and urge others to do so as well . I still believe they are an ethical company , and hope that they will take these constructive critiques to heart -LRB- and also help us to find another of their products to use , rather than relegating useless pasta makers to the backs of our closets ! -RRB- .
 I have not tried this pasta attachment a second time - I 'm afraid of harming the motor . The mixer became VERY hot and oil even leaked out . I going to get the mixer checked/serviced and not risk damage again . One thing missing from these reviews is the mixer models used . Perhaps those with the heavier motors work better ? I have the smaller motor -LRB- 250 W -RRB- K45SS mixer . Surely KitcheAid must read these reviews . I would expect some additional user information for this product on their website , but see nothing . Very disappointing product and consumer support . Come on KitchenAid - give more info and/or offer to give $ $ credit for return of this questionable product .
 This was the biggest disappointment I 've experienced with an appliance , especially a KitchenAid . I got the attachment as an x-mas present and was so excited to try it . I never got one piece of pasta that was usable . I could n't get my dough dry enough to not stick together in one messy clump . I do n't think KitchenAid ever tested this machine . Horrible ! I threw it away !
 The first time I used it with a single batch of pasta , the motor got very hot . Smelled a little too . Got me worried.But not so worried that I did n't try it again , weeks later . I made a double batch . Again , the motor heated up & was smelling . A little way into the second batch , it started smoking . I stopped it , and will not use it again , especially after reading what others have posted.I am worried that I have or will soon wear out my motor . My mixer is just under a year old . I hope they stand by their warranties.I ca n't believe I am giving a KA product a * 1 * , but I am . Save your money & your motor !!!! Edited to add
 Stop Be For You Buy !!!! Should have saved my money . Making pasta with this machine is disappointing . The recipe given with the instructions is way to sticky to run through the extruder . I redid the dough 3 times before I was able to extrude it , and still it stuck together . I should have listened to the rest of the reviews , but having owned a pasta maker/extruder before I thought it would be a piece of cake . If I were you I would invest in the roller pasta maker for you mixer . On the bright side though ... The food grinder is wonderful .
 I bought the combination meat grinder-pasta makr kit -LRB- which is the same as this item but with the addition of the screw and plates for meat grinding -RRB- and I 'm sorry to say that the pasta dies just do n't work . Even when using the included recipe , it turns into a gloppy mess .
 I have to agree with the negative reviews . I previously had an extrusion type pasta maker and thought that this was the way to go for making pasta . So , when I purchased my Kitchen Aid , I purchased the pasta maker attachment as well . I was strongly disappointed . The taste of the homemade noodles was not worth the damage to the mixer . The mixer became very hot , and the whole process took longer than I thought it should have . This resulted in some damage to my mixer - the next day when I turned it on , the motor was making grinding noises . I did everything according to the instructions when I used the pasta maker , and used the `` Basic Egg Noodle '' recipe out of the Kitchen Aid booklet . If you love you mixer , do n't buy this attachment . I think that using the pasta maker over time could possibly result in serious damage to your mixer . Also , I think that the pasta maker plates are poorly designed . The openings for the noodles to extrude through are very small , thus increasing the process time and the strain on the mixer .
 These dies make really thick pasta ; there 's no choice for things like lasagne or ravioli strips . The hollow/ziti/macaroni die really does n't function , because when you cut the pasta off the die , it closes down one end . If you want it to be hollow , you have to use a toothpick to reopen every piece of pasta . Who 's going to do that ? Something similar happens with the spaghetti/fettucini dies -- once cut with a knife , they all stick together . I recommend the roller option . I love that one ! It works like a dream ; really , it 's incredible how fast it works .
 I have made many batches of noodle using all types of dough . Also . I have taken my KA5 apart , repaired it an put it back together when I striped the gear for the second time in 20 years and my repairman was no where to be found -LRB- instructions are online if you ever have this issue -RRB- . so , you should know I am a HUGE fan of my KA5 and would n't consider life without this workhorse . HOWEVER , this particular attachment is not worthy of purchase at all for any reason . I have followed the instructions to the n-th degree and have yet to extract any usable noodles from the attachment . I always end up pulling the large pasta roller attachment out and making them that way . Do n't buy this attachment . If you want homemade pasta , buy the set of 3 rollers and go to town.As Julia said , ` Let 's not be noodle snobs , but once you have homemade ones , well there just not like anything else you 've ever tasted . ''
 This bowl has the same dimensionality as the standard bowl that comes with the mixer . Only the height is smaller . This does not really help with making dough in smaller quantities which is what we were looking for .
 I have a 5 quart bowl , these are five quart lids , Simple ? No , not really . They do n't fit.Great Frisbee 's though .
 I even checked with KitchenAid about which ones were correct for our mixer and they apparently gave us the wrong code . I join everyone here - why ca n't they make standard bowl covers ? This is crazy !
 Product did not fit my 5 quart mixer bowls . However , I am stuck with them because you are unable to return opened items . I am not sure how one is to know whether an item fits or not without opening it . Have learned a lesson about purchasing items online . Will try to find in stores from now on .
 Like many others , I have a 5qt mixer , but the 5 qt bowl covers do n't fit !
 As Shannon says , Kitchenaid mixer bowl covers are terrific for storing food and attachments . But be warned
 The bowl covers are a great idea unfortunately for me I have an Artisan mixer and these bowl covers do not fit . According to KitchenAid Customer Service these are for a discontinued bowl the correct model number for the current 5qt bowl is KNBC .
 I guess I should have read the printed description better . When I saw these on Amazon they appeared to be more of a splash cover for the Kitchenaid stand mixer bowls , the image appeared to have a hole in the center , thus I thought it would be like the bowl cover for my hand mixer bowl I ordered through the Pampered Chef . I thought the lid could be placed on the bowl and the beater could go through the center hole and thus prevent splashing . No such luck , no hole in the middle and even if I adapted it and cut the plastic away from the indented center , the blade would not turn as it should . So now I have lids to put on the bowl to keep dirt and dust out !
 these covers do not fit the 5 qt bowl for the new kitchen aidartisan mixer.Why they did ` nt make them fit all 5 qt bowls isthe question . i 'm sticking with saran wrap .
 I got these as a wedding gift , because I put them on my Amazon registry . I did n't read the reviews , because who 'd bother - it 's Kitchenaid and it fits a 5-quart bowl ? I just opened them today and found out they do n't fit my mixer , and now I 'm stuck with them . Hoping to pawn them off on my best friend since she has an older Kitchenaid . Grrrrrr . Crappy idea on Kitchenaid 's part , crappy idea on Amazon 's part for saying they fit ALL 5-quart bowls when they obviously do not .
 Will not fit my Artisan 5-quart bowl . This was a complete waste of money . I wish I had n't ripped the packaging the way I did . Now I ca n't return them
 It is not the correct size of the KitchenAid mixer bowl . It is too small . I am very unsatisfied . Plastic quality is ok .
 I thought these would be great for baking storing icing or refrigerating cookie dough , these were I bit to small for my bowl so just make sure you order the right size .
 I concur with the others , these do not fit the Artisan mixer . I did a lot of research on line , including with KitchenAid , to be told that this lid fit my mixing bowls.It does not .
 I have a Kitchenaid model K5SSWH Heavy Duty Mixer and they do not fit over my 5 qt bowl . I regrettably only read the editorial review and bought these covers thinking I can snap them on . I use them to loosely cover my attachments now , but I could have used anything for that .
 This bowl does not fit all 5 qt mixers . It certainly does not fit my model which starts with the letters KG . Do n't let the title which indicates it fits 5 qt Professional mixers fool you too .
 My bowl just arrived and despite the item description , it does not fit my 5 quart Professional . I had no idea there are multiple bowl sizes for my mixer type . It would be helpful to include this information in the item description.The rating given is not for the bowl itself - it 's lovely - but for the product description .
 I ordered this for my 5 quart KitchenAid -LRB- Professional HD -RRB- . Lo and behold it was not the right bowl , all 5 quart Kitchenaidmixers are not created equal , which is stupid and sucks , but thatis just how it is . Order it from Kitchenaid , the Amazon Marketplace seller -LRB- Today 's Concept -RRB- made things difficult .
 I ordered this as an extra bowl for my 5 quart mixer . Who would think there would be two different sizes on one type of 5 quart professional mixer . There was no indication of this problem in the writeup and only after calling Kitchenaid was I able to get the correct item number . Mine is the `` wide '' bowl . So I had to return my bowl and covers , requiring a reorder , no covers to be found . This certainly ruined a surprise gift.Buyer beware ... no problem with Amazon to get the refund .
 I love the idea of having an extra bowl and coulnt wait for this to come . When it came it looked great but I went to put it on my kitchen aid mixer and it was a bit to small . Just make sure your kitchen aid model fits this bowl . Other than that it was great .
 i was so excited ! been needing a second bowl to make the frosting while batter for cupcakes fills the first bowl.it does n't fit . i thought it was me . thought i got the size of my kitchen aid/model wrong . ordered a 6 qt bowl even -LRB- should have read reviews first -RRB- . that was way too big . but the 5 qt bowl was too small ! the attachment arms were in the right place but on second look i realized the button that secures the bowl was in the wrong place to fit into the receiving on the mixer.ridiculous !
 I ordered this item , the purchase acknowledgement showed I had bought it , but when the package arrived it was something totally different . First CSR tried to tell me I had ordered the sanding belt they shipped and the mistake was mine , and only when I insisted on speaking with a supervisor did I finally get someone to admit they had shipped the wrong item . But , they could n't ship me the right item - it was now `` unavailable '' . I did get a refund .
 I ordered this bowl for my mixer , and I recieved SANDER BELTS ! Ace Hardware Outlet are complete scammers !
 This item , described as `` Kitchen Aid K5ASBP Bowl for 5-Quart Professional Stand Mixer '' DOES NOT FIT the 5-Quart Professional Stand Mixer ! It 's not even close - much smaller diameter and deeper -LRB- by over an inch in both directions ! -RRB- . The plastic `` covers '' listed for this mixer also DO NOT FIT ! What is so difficult about matching the accessories to the main product on the website ??? Many people have had the same problem with Kitchen Aid accessories not matching the description . I 'm glad they 're not running the Space Program .
 This attachments are total waste of money . I have had this attachments for two months and still ca n't quickly put it together.Cons are :1 -RRB- Many small parts - makes it very hard to figure out which part goes where specially when you are in hurry .2 -RRB- Gets clog even for simple ingredients . I am trying to grinding few peanut . Grinder stopped working twice . I had to stop and unclog it .3 -RRB- Loss of food in the big white worm . Food does not come out completely . The last bits get stuck in the funnel . Not suitable for small batches .4 -RRB- Parts are so tight - hard to separate for cleaning and change of attachment . I am constantly running to my husband to detach the attachments.Pros
 The mixer attachment pack worked perfectly on my kitchen aid . The package was shipped promptly and in retail packaging . I used the grinder to process vegetables from the garden .
 I am very disapointed in the quality of the kitchen aid accessory pack.the parts are for the most part made of plastic , if i had knowen that I never would have bought them
 las piezas llegaron en perfecto estado , pero me falto una pieza -LRB- el palo de madera que sirve para empujar la carne en el molino -RRB- & iquest ; como hago para que me lo envien ? por lo desmas todo bien
 I was wondering is this normal for the graphite to be oozing out into the food that I am grinding ?
 These attachments are great . However , the package i recieved did not come with the wooden plunger that is pictured . You need to have this to use the food grinder , and the food strainer . Nothing else -LRB- like wooden spoons , etc. -RRB- work for this purpose . Make sure you ask about that wooden plunger if you decide to purchase.Other than that , the product would have been great and a great deal .
 I received the set minus the wooden piece that pushes the meat through the meat grinder . I returned the item to Amazon for replacement . I received an email stating this was a more widespread problem than my order and that I may receive a refund . It was n't a definitive answer and I still do n't know my status after several emails . Amazon 's customer service is now overseas and it is terrible .
 Sausage stuffing kit - sweetjuicing kit - okslicing kit - really weakthey just are not sharp , it would have been less work to weld knives to a car tire then cut carrots that way.I 've said my piece .
 I wanted a meat grinder and enjoy the ability to use the attachments with my Kitchenaid as well . Unfortunately , this products design is poor . Like others have stated , when using the grinder , the devices deposits metal grindings into the meat as well . These are coming from the auger shaft riding on the grinder dies . The metal is far too soft and as it rotates , metal is ground off of the center of the dies and drops into the meat .
 Okay , I listened to the positive reviews on here , and ended up returning this accessory set . The attachments are virtually worthless if you have a food processor , and I could recommend several under the cost of this package that could do a MUCH better job . Also , the design is awkward , and prevents you from using these attachments easily or quickly . The time it took to attach the stuff was n't worth it , if you have any alternative -LRB- even a knife ! -RRB- . Plus you still have to cut things in order to feed them through the opening.I give it two stars only because it has the food grinder . The food grinder was well constructed and I would consider that as a sole purchase if I was an avid meat eater ! This set is simply not worth the money and is not highly-functional in design . I returned it .
 i bought this kit to make sausage and grind meat . it 's not practial for this use . the meat grinder could not cut thru 5 lbs of pork . the sreader was ok . I returned this kit becouse I could not grind the meat to make sausage
 ordered by description , but box did n't contain pasta attachments the reason for the purchase
 When we opened this to use we shocked to feel how the metals have changed . They are very light and they ca n't go into the dishwasher without damaging the metals . Disappointed !
 I got this for making applesauce , and it does n't
 I purchased this set about 2 years ago . The shredders work OK , but it is easier and less mess to chop them by hand . Much of the produce gets caught between the housing and the shredder . It 's difficult getting uniform cuts . The piece that is poorly designed is the meat grinder . I 'm on my second grinder . Both the feeder shaft and the housing are constructed of a plastic molding on metal . Over a relatively short amount of use , they both began to crack apart at the unions . This of course is not good , being they are used on meat and it makes it almost impossible to clean . I would recommend going for a good sharp knife and a seperate all metal meat grinder -LRB- which I am now looking for -RRB- .
 The slicer/shredder : I find the slicer does n't work good . If you want to shredd a cabage or potatoes for a meal there is a lot garbage produced until you are ready . The grinding plates are very dull and you need to use a lot preasure to get the job done . I should have returned it!The fruit strainer : Is producing a mess and very bad to clean ! Would not buy it again ! I 'd rather try a manual one!The grinder
 I purchased these because in Australia this is very expensive compared to the States , but I made a mistake because the slicer , shredder is not very sharp and has also started rusting which is not normal for stainless steel food quality , Im not sure if this is a defective product or not but it was too late for me to return it as I only used it passed the return date . Im going to buy the Australian version because its 100 % better Ive seen it in action and is very sharp and a lighter 18/10 stainless steel .
 The meat grinder leaks . The shredder / slicer is not effective . It can not even thred the mini carrots . No comment on the strainer since I have not used it yet . Overall , a very dissapointing buy .
 I have pruchased this attachment pack about 6 months ago . I have only used food grinder so far and it is a disaster . Altough grinding is good , you can see black stuff mixing with your meat which is disgusting . I called the customer service and they are saying that it is normal because the juice of the meat is mixing with the brass gear and turning black . When I requested a change they said the new part will do the exact same thing . They suggested that I partially froze the meat so the juice does not come out too much.I think this is an engineering flaw that needs to be fixed , and do not buy it if it is not fixed !
 If you own a `` Kitchen Aid 5-Quart Professional Stand Mixer '' , be careful - these covers are for the WRONG 5-Quart mixer bowl for this mixer - even though the bowl 's product description indicates that it is for that mixer . I ordered the bowl and covers for my wife for Christmas . The bowl -LRB- K5ASBP -RRB- was listed as the correct one for the mixer , and the covers matched the bowl I received , but the whole set is N.G. - not even close to the right size and shape . I sent the bowl back , but I 'll probably have to `` eat '' the covers because of the hassle sending them back to the original source that Amazon sells from .
 Says it 's for 5 qt bowls but does n't specify that it 's for the lift stand KA bowls only , somewhat deceiving to me ! Plus they made me pay to ship the item back and only refunded me the price of the lids . Very unhappy with purchase ; -LRB-
 I have the 5 qt bowl and bought this set for my sister that has the smaller bowl . The bigger ones fit mine perfect , but they were too small for hers . The smaller size certainly did n't work for her smaller bowl as good as the bigger one did for my bowl .
 I really wanted a cover for my bowl - for raising dough , covering things to be used later , etc. . The dip in the lid makes storage hard and takes up a lot of space - bad design . I understand why it 's there , but how many people store the lid and bowl together ?
 I received this mixer for a Christmas gift . The second time I used it the wire on one of the beaters came loose from the end of the beater . Now , after using occasionally for months , the entire wire on the beater broke completely off . I only have one beater now ! KitchenAid customer service was not helpful - they told me I could buy a new set of beaters for $ 14.99 plus $ 6.95 shipping . We did not pay $ 69.99 for a mixer to have to replace the beaters for $ 21.94 . I now own a useless product . I thought KitchenAid was a quality brand , I now know it is NOT !
 I purchased this item along with the KitchenAid dough hooks . The third time I used it , I was making bread and the mixer BLEW-UP . The motor stopped , smoke and sparks shot out of the front vents and it stunk up the kitchen . The vendor courtesy accepted the mixer back for a full refund . Next time , I 'll specify that I want the NON-EXPLODING version .
 I ordered this mixer to replace an old GE -LRB- when I say old , I mean about 25 years old -RRB- . I selected it because it had seven speeds and the option to add bread hooks -LRB- which I also purchased -RRB- . The mixer was a total disappointment . The top speed on this mixer is not as fast or as powerful as my 25 year old GE mixer . At its highest speed it had trouble with a banana bread dough , it would never be able to handle bread dough.I cleaned it and packed it up and returned it to Amazon .
 I 've been using this mixer about 3-4 times a month for about 2 years . Recently , it began making an extremely loud and annoying rattling/squeaking noise . Called KA in MI , out of warranty . -LRB- It was purchased in 2008 and received as a gift in 2010 -RRB- When I opened it up to see if I could refurbish the -LRB- cheap plastic -RRB- gears , I discovered that the filterless fan that cools the motor sucks whatever dry ingredients you 're mixing that aerosolize into the front of the device and blows it all over the exposed internal parts . Plastic gear was worn where it constantly rotates against the metal frame . I really expected it to last until at least the beater eject button stopped working . -LRB- like so many others here have mentioned -RRB- I had a similar experience with a KHB25610B 5-Speed Immersion Blender . Cheap plastic part on whisk attachment snapped.I 'm entirely through with KitchenAid .
 I bought this product because of the great reviews . My wife uses it infrequently but I like quality . It is very nice . It is very strong . It is very quite . In fact it is now silent . It is very broke . The first unit was returned for a replacement because it was noisy after about 1 month . The second unit died after about 5 uses . Since it was over the warranty I got no satisfaction from Kitchenaid - I replaced a part in the electronics and thought I had it working , but there is something else going on . My wife was skeptical for the cost of it , now she wants her trusty $ 15 . unit . Everything in our kitchen seems to be turning into a Cuisinart . Need a kayak anchor , buy this . Though it probably wo n't even work for that .
 We 've had this mixer for 5 years and have used it maybe a dozen times -LRB- I usually use our stand mixer for making cookies & such -RRB- . Over the 4th of July , one of the tines on the beater broke free while making meringue for a lemon pie . When you look close at the beaters , you can see that the tines are held together with spot-welds . This beater broke free at the spot-weld while whipping eggs ! Figuring we just had a defective beater , I called Kitchen Aide and told them it broke free while simply whipping eggs - it 's not like I was mixing comcrete with it -LRB- her snide response `` Are you sure ? '' did n't help the situation -RRB- . She happily told me I could buy some new beaters for $ 15 -LRB- + $ 10 shipping -RRB- . Okay , even though the mixer was hardly used and did n't break from regular use but from a defect , it was 5-years old . So , I got some new beaters . First night , I decided to test them by using them to make cookies instead of using our stand mixer . Surpise , surprise , they broke in exactly the same way !!! Because of this problem & additional problems with our Kitchen Aide toaster , we 're never buying Kitchen Aide again -LRB- why pay premium prices if you get substandard products ? -RRB- .
 I bought this for the time when you just do n't need/want to use the stand mixer - or when you need another mixer for a complicated baking project . I have had it several years but only used it THREE times . The motor died - it just wo n't work . No sound - no spin - nothing . Of course it is past the warranty . -LSB- sigh -RSB-
 This Kitchenaid mixer looks great , works flawlessly , but really underperforms . It 's a seven-speed model , but I had to switch to another standup mixer to whip cream because the Kitchenaid hand mixer just was n't fast or powerful enough . A real disappointment ...
 It pains me to say this is a piece of KA junk . It has very poor power ability . After owning it for about 6 months & not using it for anything more strenuous than whipping cream or egg whites maybe twice per month ... it started losing its electronic marbles ! It changes speeds on its own & even goes to speed 9 - which is n't supposed to exist on this model !! It takes much longer to whip up whites/cream than my old Krupps model -LRB- that one still works like a champ after 18 years !! - this KA was a `` gift '' -RRB- . It does still run but I 'm shopping for another - and it wo n't be KA . KA has really cheaped-out these past few years & they are running on the cache of their name ... which wo n't exist much longer at this rate !
 After years of burning out cheap mixers I upgraded from the $ . . specials to the kitchen aid 7 speed . I thought I would never need another hand held . Wrong . The lock on 1 beater broke after fewer than one dozen uses . I admit to abusing my cheap mixers , mixing plaster of paris and mud pies , but my only problem was having the motor sieze . When I spent major bucks for a mixer my reckless mixing days ended . I swear I only made cookies and cake batter , nothing that should cause the beater holder to break . I am very disappointed with the quality of this product . Having had both , I recomend any cheapo over this one .
 I 've enjoyed KitchenAid products for years so I was very interested in having the KHM7T replace my old lower-powered 5-speed KHM5DH . Amazon describes the KHM7T as having a 1.6 ampere motor rated at 200 watts . -LRB- Actually this should be more like 192 watts at 120 volts AC , but who 's quibbling ? -RRB- Imagine my disappointment when it arrived and proved to have only a 0.6 amp motor which rates no better than 72 watts . That 's no better than my KHM5DH . I told KitchenAid of Amazon 's error . As the KHM7T is sold nationally the error will occur regardless of where it is sold . Otherwise a different model number would be required.There was no problem returning it for a full refund.An August , 2011 update . Amazon.com still describes this mixer as havinga motor rated at 1.6 amps . This is a blatantly inaccurate descriptionconsidering the unit I received . Do n't believe everything Amazon.com tellsyou . The Amazon blurb should have been corrected years ago .
 This little wonder lasted about six uses before the motor died . Whipping cream , mixing a light batter -- that was all that was ever asked of it . In the middle of a simple recipe , after runing no more than five minutes , with intervals between each minute of mixing , it failed
 In spite of all the positive comments for this mixer , it is designed to be unrepairable when it fails.We have used ours for 10 + years , but now the mixer unit wo n't hold the beaters . It is still functional otherwise , but is constructed so that nothing short of a small explosion or a secret latch would allow you gain access to the internal workings for repairs.I know , I know , you 'll tell me not to expect more from a modern appliance , and that the case is designed to be waterproof , etc. . But the fact remains that two pounds of motor and polymer are now useless due the failure of one small plastic part . Consequently , we 'll look elsewhere for a replacement .
 Like another reviewer , I ordered the `` Ultra Power Plus '' which is described on the website as a 1.6 amp mixer only to receive a .6 amp mixer . While I 'm sure this is a fine mixer , it was n't the product described . I sent it back for a replacement with the detailed description of the mixup . I subsequently recevied a replacement mixer that was identical to the first . -LRB- FYI , the label noting the amperage is on a sticker located on the bottom of the mixer . It is not noted on any of the packaging . -RRB- After the 2nd error I ultimately spoke to an Amazon rep and she suspected that the wrong product was in the warehouse . Her suggestion was that I order a different mixer since I did n't have the time to wait for the corrective action at the warehouse.I ultimately ordered a Cuisinart HM-50 and it is fine.I have very high respect for Kitchen Aid products and I 'm sure the .6 amp mixer is fine ... but not the power that I wanted or was advertised . Since the other reviewer who had the same problem was also from New England , this may be unique to the Amazon distribution center that services this area ...
 I was in the middle of doing a wedding cake , 3 batches of buttercream and more to go and the gears start to grind . Had to go back to using my Kitchen Aid Stand mixer and a $ 10.00 toast master I 'd used for 6 years . I do like the design and the digital read out of the speeds , as well as the sensitivity of the speed increments . Quality control awful .
 Amazon lists the country of manufacture as the USA . The information is false . I called to confirm and discovered that Kitchen Aid manufactures this product in China , a country that floods the world market with products manufactured in forced labor camps . Moreover , given the cost of labor in China , it seems that Kitchen Aid charges a PREMIUM for this product . Braun , on the other hand , manufactures their hand mixers in Spain -- a country with laws against slave labor .
 I was going to buy the KitchenAid hand mixer , because I have always found their products to be top-of-the-line . But ... After studying the box , and the display model ... the wattage is nowhere to be found . Not even on the KitchenAid website could I find out how many watts of power this little mixer had . All -LRB- and I do mean ALL -RRB- of the other mixers for sale had their wattage displayed ... but not KitchenAid . Why not ? Why do n't they want us to know how powerful it is ? In the end , I wound up buying another brand of hand mixer - one who told me the wattage .
 I was really excited about finding a replacement bowl for my kitchen aid mixer . I bake 3 to 4 cakes a week . However , this bowl is being advertised as KithenAid K45SBWH , the WH meaning `` with handle '' . I received the bowl without a handle . The handle is a very important feature to me . The advertisement is erroneous and very misleading . I was very disappointed that I did n't get what I ordered .
 I mean , come on ... 40 bucks for a stainless steel bowl?I would like to have another , but not at that price .
 If you had give 40.00 for a bowl at least it could be free shipping for the holidays .
 First I must confess that I have wanted a stand mixer for years . As I was researching grain mills I found this , and used it as my excuse to buy the mixer . I love the mixer , but the mill is terrible . I wanted to use this mainly to grind gluten free flours , however rice comes out much too grainy to be of any use in baking . Even after several runs through the mill it has the consistency of large grains of sand . I tried to contact Kitchen Aid via e mail to see if there is any kind of internal adjustment that can be made , but they never got back to me .
 I got this mill about two years go and I loved it the first couple of times I used it . However , it killed my KA mixer . I have to agree with a previous review that talked about the amount of strain on the machine . My husband just took ours apart to see why it would n't work and the gears are shot . I would not recommend grinding wheat with your KA . If you plan to grind , buy a real grinder and keep the KA just for mixing .
 I used one of these to mill my flour for about 4 years . I am a frequent bread baker , so this got used about 5 days a week . It does a reasonably good job of making flour - no complaints there . However , it places a lot of stress on the gears inside your mixer . I found that about every 9 months , a gear inside my mixer would strip and need to be replaced . My mixer is one of the larger Professional series - so one of the more robust machines Kitchenaid makes for the consumer market , but it was not up the job of driving this thing every day . Also , the burs wore out after a few years , and Kitchenaid informed me that they do not sell replacement burrs . So ultimately , I bought a Vitamix blender to mill my four , and I let my Kitchenaid make knead my dough . The Vitamix is a lot more expensive , but there 's no comparison between it and the Kitchenaid mill setup in terms of convenience and durability.I think if you wanted to use this mill once or twice a month , it be fine , but if you intend to make it a part of your daily kitchen routines , you 'll be disappointed .
 I have been pleased with my kitchenaid and most attachments for it , but not this one . This attachment puts a very large stress on your kitchenaid and you risk ruining the motor and/or gearbox . If you intend on grinding grain any more than very small amounts very infrequently , you really need to purchase a real grinder.What I did not like about this grinder :1 -RRB- If you try to run wheat through it to grind it finely and are trying to grind a cup or more you risk ruining your machine . You really need to run the wheat through several times . First on a very course setting , and then on subsequently finer settings .2 -RRB- I was never able to get the flour as fine as I wanted . Yes , I know this is whole wheat flour , but this mill can not produce the fine flour possible with other home units on the market .3 -RRB- This unit is very slow , and it takes a long time to grind a cup of wheat.What I did like about the grinder :1 -RRB- if you are making corn meal for cornbread or tortillas , this unit does much better . For the courser grind needed in corn meal , I found this unit to do an acceptable job.I basically gave up on getting anything useful out of this product , and ended up getting the Wolfgang/KOMO stand alone grain mill . I find it outperforms this kitchenaid unit by a long shot . I have also had good luck with the Nutrimill unit .
 Update October 22 , 2012The original review was written back in 2005 . Since then , KitchenAid has replaced the plastic gearbox cover with one made with metal . This review may be outdated at this point , but accurately reflects the problems we were having back under the previous design.Original text from February 18 , 2005 : This attachment reveals a design flaw in the Kitchenaid Mixer design . Inside every Kitchenaid Mixer you have a transmission/gearbox that drive both the mixer and the accessory drive shaft . This gearbox has a PLASTIC cover that holds all the gears in place.The grain mill attachment places the * most * stress on your kitchenaid , more than any other attachment you can buy . What happens is when you 're grinding wheat , it heats up that gearbox and the plastic cover starts to flex , and if you run it more than 10 minutes it 'll heat up enough to break the plastic.I bought this attachement for my wife for Christmas 2004 . It broke the transmission and stripped the gears on the mixer in January . We removed the cover and saw the cracked plastic . Kitchenaid promptly sent a replacement mixer even though ours was `` out of warranty '' . This tells me that they KNOW about their design flaw.We got our shiny new Kitchenaid Mixer the next week . My wife took it out of the box , attached the grain mill and started it grinding flour . Within 10 minutes the plastic cover failed on the new one . Kitchenaid sent out a new one , again . We 're now on our third mixer and we 're looking to get a refund from Kitchenaid for the Grain Mill so we can go out and buy a real wheat grinder.It 's really sad . All Kitchenaid needs to do is put a metal gearbox cover on the transmission and you could grind wheat into flour non-stop . I ca n't believe that they 're willing to stake their good name on a plastic part !
 We owned a KitchenAid Artisan Stand Mixer . This mixer has 325 Watts of power and falls somewhere in the middle of KitchenAid 's line of stand mixers . We purchased the Grain Mill to save a little money and space instead of buying a stand alone grain mill . According to KitchenAid , the Artisan mixer can handle the Grain Mill . We used the grain mill successfully -- well within the guidelines listed by KitchenAid -- maybe four times , but on the fifth usage , it broke the mixer . The motor made a high-pitched whine , and then it never worked properly again.The mixer was only about two year old and gently used , but it was out of warranty . When we contacted KitchenAid customer service , they were unwilling to help us out . They were unwilling to acknowledge that the Grain Mill may have been the cause . In fact , they claimed that since the mixer did n't break on the first usage that a subsequent usage could not be the cause for the mixer to fail . They told us we could send it to KitchenAid for repair or take it to a local KitchenAid approved repair shop ; we took it to a local shop , where we were told that it could be repaired for $ 303 -- more than the retail price of a brand new mixer . The repairman could not come out and state that the Grain Mill was the cause , but he said it was `` possible '' in a way that made me believe that it was responsible . We chose not to have it repaired.We returned the Grain Mill and have purchased a stand alone Grain Mill . We do not currently have a Stand Mixer , but when or if we do purchase one , it wo n't be from KitchenAid.The bread that we made with fresh-ground flour before the mixer broke was fabulous . I encourage everyone reading this to buy a grain mill and taste the way that flour is supposed to taste . And I encourage everyone reading this to purchase any stand-alone grain mill and to NOT invest in the KitchenAid Grain Mill .
 I own a KitchenAid 6 quart Professional mixer with 525 watts of power and purchased this grain mill so we could grind our own wheat for bread.It was a complete disaster . Not only does it completely stress out the mixer but it does not grind nearly fine enough for flour . Following other advise to run the grain through 2 times , we filled the hopper with the berries and before it finished -LRB- on medium grind -RRB- the mixer was so hot we had to stop the machine for about 45 minutes . Trying to run the medium grind to a finer grind totally cooked my beloved mixer and broke the bearing before the grinding was complete . -LRB- We did have the metal gear box but that did n't stop the damage that this mill did -RRB- . I agree with most of the reviews here purchase a real grain mill and save your mixer !
 I can easily purchase a grain mile -LRB- stainless steel inserts -RRB- made in Germany for this price . Why would I pay this and add it to my $ 300 + kitchen aid investment?The sound is horrific and makes it sound extremely hard on the motor !
 I was in the middle of doing a wedding cake , 3 batches of buttercream and more to go and the gears start to grind . Had to go back to using my Kitchen Aid Stand mixer and a $ 10.00 toast master I 'd used for 6 years . I do like the design and the digital read out of the speeds , as well as the sensitivity of the speed increments . Quality control awful .
 Amazon lists the country of manufacture as the USA . The information is false . I called to confirm and discovered that Kitchen Aid manufactures this product in China , a country that floods the world market with products manufactured in forced labor camps . Moreover , given the cost of labor in China , it seems that Kitchen Aid charges a PREMIUM for this product . Braun , on the other hand , manufactures their hand mixers in Spain -- a country with laws against slave labor .
 I was going to buy the KitchenAid hand mixer , because I have always found their products to be top-of-the-line . But ... After studying the box , and the display model ... the wattage is nowhere to be found . Not even on the KitchenAid website could I find out how many watts of power this little mixer had . All -LRB- and I do mean ALL -RRB- of the other mixers for sale had their wattage displayed ... but not KitchenAid . Why not ? Why do n't they want us to know how powerful it is ? In the end , I wound up buying another brand of hand mixer - one who told me the wattage .
 In spite of all the positive comments for this mixer , it is designed to be unrepairable when it fails.We have used ours for 10 + years , but now the mixer unit wo n't hold the beaters . It is still functional otherwise , but is constructed so that nothing short of a small explosion or a secret latch would allow you gain access to the internal workings for repairs.I know , I know , you 'll tell me not to expect more from a modern appliance , and that the case is designed to be waterproof , etc. . But the fact remains that two pounds of motor and polymer are now useless due the failure of one small plastic part . Consequently , we 'll look elsewhere for a replacement .
 Like another reviewer , I ordered the `` Ultra Power Plus '' which is described on the website as a 1.6 amp mixer only to receive a .6 amp mixer . While I 'm sure this is a fine mixer , it was n't the product described . I sent it back for a replacement with the detailed description of the mixup . I subsequently recevied a replacement mixer that was identical to the first . -LRB- FYI , the label noting the amperage is on a sticker located on the bottom of the mixer . It is not noted on any of the packaging . -RRB- After the 2nd error I ultimately spoke to an Amazon rep and she suspected that the wrong product was in the warehouse . Her suggestion was that I order a different mixer since I did n't have the time to wait for the corrective action at the warehouse.I ultimately ordered a Cuisinart HM-50 and it is fine.I have very high respect for Kitchen Aid products and I 'm sure the .6 amp mixer is fine ... but not the power that I wanted or was advertised . Since the other reviewer who had the same problem was also from New England , this may be unique to the Amazon distribution center that services this area ...
 I 've enjoyed KitchenAid products for years so I was very interested in having the KHM7T replace my old lower-powered 5-speed KHM5DH . Amazon describes the KHM7T as having a 1.6 ampere motor rated at 200 watts . -LRB- Actually this should be more like 192 watts at 120 volts AC , but who 's quibbling ? -RRB- Imagine my disappointment when it arrived and proved to have only a 0.6 amp motor which rates no better than 72 watts . That 's no better than my KHM5DH . I told KitchenAid of Amazon 's error . As the KHM7T is sold nationally the error will occur regardless of where it is sold . Otherwise a different model number would be required.There was no problem returning it for a full refund.An August , 2011 update . Amazon.com still describes this mixer as havinga motor rated at 1.6 amps . This is a blatantly inaccurate descriptionconsidering the unit I received . Do n't believe everything Amazon.com tellsyou . The Amazon blurb should have been corrected years ago .
 This little wonder lasted about six uses before the motor died . Whipping cream , mixing a light batter -- that was all that was ever asked of it . In the middle of a simple recipe , after runing no more than five minutes , with intervals between each minute of mixing , it failed
 After years of burning out cheap mixers I upgraded from the $ . . specials to the kitchen aid 7 speed . I thought I would never need another hand held . Wrong . The lock on 1 beater broke after fewer than one dozen uses . I admit to abusing my cheap mixers , mixing plaster of paris and mud pies , but my only problem was having the motor sieze . When I spent major bucks for a mixer my reckless mixing days ended . I swear I only made cookies and cake batter , nothing that should cause the beater holder to break . I am very disappointed with the quality of this product . Having had both , I recomend any cheapo over this one .
 We 've had this mixer for 5 years and have used it maybe a dozen times -LRB- I usually use our stand mixer for making cookies & such -RRB- . Over the 4th of July , one of the tines on the beater broke free while making meringue for a lemon pie . When you look close at the beaters , you can see that the tines are held together with spot-welds . This beater broke free at the spot-weld while whipping eggs ! Figuring we just had a defective beater , I called Kitchen Aide and told them it broke free while simply whipping eggs - it 's not like I was mixing comcrete with it -LRB- her snide response `` Are you sure ? '' did n't help the situation -RRB- . She happily told me I could buy some new beaters for $ 15 -LRB- + $ 10 shipping -RRB- . Okay , even though the mixer was hardly used and did n't break from regular use but from a defect , it was 5-years old . So , I got some new beaters . First night , I decided to test them by using them to make cookies instead of using our stand mixer . Surpise , surprise , they broke in exactly the same way !!! Because of this problem & additional problems with our Kitchen Aide toaster , we 're never buying Kitchen Aide again -LRB- why pay premium prices if you get substandard products ? -RRB- .
 I bought this for the time when you just do n't need/want to use the stand mixer - or when you need another mixer for a complicated baking project . I have had it several years but only used it THREE times . The motor died - it just wo n't work . No sound - no spin - nothing . Of course it is past the warranty . -LSB- sigh -RSB-
 This Kitchenaid mixer looks great , works flawlessly , but really underperforms . It 's a seven-speed model , but I had to switch to another standup mixer to whip cream because the Kitchenaid hand mixer just was n't fast or powerful enough . A real disappointment ...
 It pains me to say this is a piece of KA junk . It has very poor power ability . After owning it for about 6 months & not using it for anything more strenuous than whipping cream or egg whites maybe twice per month ... it started losing its electronic marbles ! It changes speeds on its own & even goes to speed 9 - which is n't supposed to exist on this model !! It takes much longer to whip up whites/cream than my old Krupps model -LRB- that one still works like a champ after 18 years !! - this KA was a `` gift '' -RRB- . It does still run but I 'm shopping for another - and it wo n't be KA . KA has really cheaped-out these past few years & they are running on the cache of their name ... which wo n't exist much longer at this rate !
 I 've been using this mixer about 3-4 times a month for about 2 years . Recently , it began making an extremely loud and annoying rattling/squeaking noise . Called KA in MI , out of warranty . -LRB- It was purchased in 2008 and received as a gift in 2010 -RRB- When I opened it up to see if I could refurbish the -LRB- cheap plastic -RRB- gears , I discovered that the filterless fan that cools the motor sucks whatever dry ingredients you 're mixing that aerosolize into the front of the device and blows it all over the exposed internal parts . Plastic gear was worn where it constantly rotates against the metal frame . I really expected it to last until at least the beater eject button stopped working . -LRB- like so many others here have mentioned -RRB- I had a similar experience with a KHB25610B 5-Speed Immersion Blender . Cheap plastic part on whisk attachment snapped.I 'm entirely through with KitchenAid .
 I bought this product because of the great reviews . My wife uses it infrequently but I like quality . It is very nice . It is very strong . It is very quite . In fact it is now silent . It is very broke . The first unit was returned for a replacement because it was noisy after about 1 month . The second unit died after about 5 uses . Since it was over the warranty I got no satisfaction from Kitchenaid - I replaced a part in the electronics and thought I had it working , but there is something else going on . My wife was skeptical for the cost of it , now she wants her trusty $ 15 . unit . Everything in our kitchen seems to be turning into a Cuisinart . Need a kayak anchor , buy this . Though it probably wo n't even work for that .
 I received this mixer for a Christmas gift . The second time I used it the wire on one of the beaters came loose from the end of the beater . Now , after using occasionally for months , the entire wire on the beater broke completely off . I only have one beater now ! KitchenAid customer service was not helpful - they told me I could buy a new set of beaters for $ 14.99 plus $ 6.95 shipping . We did not pay $ 69.99 for a mixer to have to replace the beaters for $ 21.94 . I now own a useless product . I thought KitchenAid was a quality brand , I now know it is NOT !
 I purchased this item along with the KitchenAid dough hooks . The third time I used it , I was making bread and the mixer BLEW-UP . The motor stopped , smoke and sparks shot out of the front vents and it stunk up the kitchen . The vendor courtesy accepted the mixer back for a full refund . Next time , I 'll specify that I want the NON-EXPLODING version .
 I ordered this mixer to replace an old GE -LRB- when I say old , I mean about 25 years old -RRB- . I selected it because it had seven speeds and the option to add bread hooks -LRB- which I also purchased -RRB- . The mixer was a total disappointment . The top speed on this mixer is not as fast or as powerful as my 25 year old GE mixer . At its highest speed it had trouble with a banana bread dough , it would never be able to handle bread dough.I cleaned it and packed it up and returned it to Amazon .
 Know how it works before you buy . Here 's how it works :1 -RRB- Turn on the scale using the kick switch along the right front edge .2 -RRB- Listen to a loud beep as the scale turns on .3 -RRB- Slide the scale back into place because it slid away from you when you turned it on with your foot .4 -RRB- Wait several seconds for the scale to `` boot '' and set itself to zero .5 -RRB- Listen to another loud beep indicating that it is ready to weigh you .6 -RRB- Step on the scale and wait several seconds for another loud beep indicating that you may now read your weight .7 -RRB- Step off the scale and head towards the shower to begin your morning routine .8 -RRB- Hear another loud beep as the unit shuts down .9 -RRB- Stop your morning routine to go and comfort the crying baby -LRB- or angry spouse -RRB- who was awakened by all that beeping .10 -RRB- Return the item and write a review on Amazon.comBut it * looks * cool , does n't it ?
 Every time the scale turns off and I start it the scale goes to 2.5 pounds instead of zero . May be just a fluke , but it will have cost me $ 17 in ship cost , if I can get a return authorization from Contek .
 i bougth this scale many years back and realized after about 1 year when i compared my weight on another electronic scale and a lab scale at the doctors office . thi sclae i about 10 % too low - that is really bad for me but i guess makes many people on a diet quite happy . i hope the software is not from weight watchers.just pulled it out again and moved to different floors - always the same - 10 % too low.as a scale useless - but agree , looks cool
 It did not improve my sleeping comfort . I hoped that throwing this 4lb of density , 3 '' topper over my cheap mattress would solve the problem , but it did n't . It 's either not dense enough , not thick enough or I 'm just too heavy -LRB- 185 lbs -RRB- for this topper . Weird thing is , it feels like it has a better memory on the edges , but when you press it firmly in the middle , it goes back to the original shape instantly . The good thing was it did not come vacuum packed , so I was able to use it immediately , and the odor of chemicals was minimal . After a 3-night trial it goes back to the seller , though .
 One would think the owners of the yogurt maker would have the common sense to just move their just made yogurt into another container . A free one from used store brand yogurt -LRB- that you bought for starter -RRB- comes to mind.What is the world coming to ? 1 Yogourmet Jar at $ 16 = 5 tubs of Stonyfield.Contents of Yogourmet jar - airContents of 5 tubs of Stoneyfield yogurt - A whole lot of yogurt to eat or use as starter for your yogurt maker.This is a tough decision ... Somebody must be growing the wrong bacteria with their yogurt makers ... I know I 'm supposed to write reviews for products I actually bought , but since I did buy the yogurt , aker that comes with the jar , I think I qua ; lify .
 Yogourmet extra batch jar was not needed because the yogurt maker does not work . The area where you place the yogurt maker must be a steady temperature between 72-76 so that the machine temperature is between 110-120 or something like that . In the summer our house is too warm to make yogurt . I will try again in the winter . A temperature controller would be a great addition to Yogourmet machine . Could not make any yogurt with the machine so the extra batch was not needed .
 We have used our yogourmet yogurt maker 1-2 times every week for 14 years . We recently purchased two extra batch jars to replace the original . Unfortunately , the new jars are lighter weight and the lids fit VERY poorly . This makes it very tricky to lift the batch jar out of the maker and can easily result in your wonderful yogurt landing all over the kitchen floor . One of the two new batch jars is out of round , so the lid really does not fit at all - it just rests on top . But the yogurt is still good - we just have to be really , really careful how we lift the jar up .
 I bought this juicer over 3 yrs ago because it had great reviews . But the reviews failed to tell me that this juicer is VERY LOUD -LRB- sounds like a motorcycle or construction -RRB- I have to wear earplugs each time and if you have young children taking a nap the sound of the motor will definitely wake them up!It 's also cumbersome . You have to cut vegetables/fruit if they do n't fit in the juicer . The juicer also extracts lots of pulp so you can not receive maximum benefit . If I have the time or energy , I would take the pulp and juice it again to get more juice . Sometimes I would end up with 1/3 cup or more juice from the pulp , depending how many times I re-juice it . It gets messy too . I 'm dissappointed in this product because it does not motivate me to juice every single day.So I 'm going to be switching to Jack Lalanne 's Power Juicer soon to cut my time in half . The reviews of customers indicate that they were very satisfied with the product . Unlike the juice lady , Jack 's powers juicer leaves very little pulp and is whisper quiet-which is the kind of convienience I 'm looking for .
 After going through 2 Juiceman II models and purchasing several replacements for broken parts -LRB- over a period of 4 years -RRB- , I `` moved up '' to the Juice Lady Pro thinking it would be much better made/more powerful horsepower motor , etc. . NOT ! The first 3 times it was used , it clattered into a horrible racket sounding like the basket slipped off center . I had to turn it off several times to check all the parts for proper alignment . It is very noisy , tempermental , and cheaply made underneath the stainless steel surface parts . Very flimsy plastic locking ring holds main basket and flimsy side locking arms wo n't last long either . It definitely is not worth the extra $ $ and can hardly be catagorized as a `` commercial '' model . I hope I can send it back for a refund , but since I bought it from Amazon , I do n't know if I CAN send it back ? There is no one to call for a return refund.I wound up purchasing a Samson juicer , much stronger motor , less pulp , better made , easier to clean . I am very happy with it!Don ' t believe the other reviews . I should have bought this at a ` store ' so I could return it . Now , all I have is an expensive boat anchor . The Juiceman II is much better made , but it has it 's flaws too .
 Received juicer and proceeded to slice and skin vegetables . I went to turn the product on and nothing . Electronic failure . Nothing happened.Quality control ? Shipping ? ... Outfit ?
 I purchased this unit for the specific purpose of kneading dough . I used it no more frequently than once a week to make two loaves of bread and used it possibly once a month for cakes , cookies etc. . The machine has lasted just a little over two years then it stripped one of more of it 's gears and will cost $ 100 dollars to repair.I phoned the customer service people at Kitchen Aid and they advised me that this machine will only handle six cups of flour , can only be used at speeds of `` two '' or lower and can knead for no more than four minutes at a time . That makes the unit virtually useless as a serious dough kneading device and makes it handy only for such light duty chores as beating egg whites and mixing cake batter.Please be advised , this unit is no longer being manufactured by Hobart . They sold the manufacturing rights to Whirlpool and the quality has definitely deteriorated.I am now considering the purchase of a Kenwood model KM-800 which has twice the power and is a much more rugged unit . I have read the Amazon reviews of the KM-800 and other that it 's high price it gets rave reviews . Please , do n't be fooled by low price . You get what you pay for .
 I have wanted this mixer for 30 years . I finally bought it as a Christmas present to myself two weeks ago . I made a few batches of Christmas cookies and was very impressed . Today , I was making a double batch of oatmeal cookies -LRB- the mixer is really not large enough for this ! -RRB- and as I was scraping the sides of the bowl , I noticed something shiny in the batter . It turned out to be shavings from the silver strip around the mixer head . I ran my finger around the silver strip and ended up slicing the end of my finger . Needless to say , between the silver shavings and my bleeding finger , the cookie dough went in the garbage . I can not believe that an appliance that cost so much money can be made with such shoddy workmanship . I am so disappointed . ... . This mixer is going back and I do n't think I will ever trust anything from KitchenAid again !
 I purchased this unit for the specific purpose of kneading dough . I used it no more frequently than once a week to make two loaves of bread and used it possibly once a month for cakes , cookies etc. . The machine has lasted just a little over two years then it stripped one of more of it 's gears and will cost ... dollars to repair.I phoned the customer service people at Kitchen Aid and they advised me that this machine will only handle six cups of flour , can only be used at speeds of `` two '' or lower and can knead for no more than four minutes at a time . That makes the unit virtually useless as a serious dough kneading device and makes it handy only for such light duty chores as beating egg whites and mixing cake batter.Please be advised , this unit is no longer being manufactured by Hobart . They sold the manufacturing rights to Whirlpool and the quality has definitely deteriorated.I am now considering the purchase of a Kenwood model KM-800 which has twice the power and is a much more rugged unit . I have read the Amazon reviews of the KM-800 and other that it 's high price it gets rave reviews . Please , do n't be fooled by low price . You get what you pay for .
 Having grown up with a KitchenAid mixer in the house -LRB- a 250W model that still works after 20-some years -RRB- I was surprised when my mother bought a new 300W model that broke the second time she used it -LRB- the motor would turn , but the blade would not -RRB- . The service center said that the new nylon gears were not as robust as the old metal ones . Thinking that it was no major deal , I bought a 300W model . The unit broke the third time I used it -LRB- in the same way -RRB- while trying to cream two sticks of butter with one cup of packed brown sugar . Reading the reviews on Amazon.com , I have seen a number of others experiencing this same problem ... Its true , they do n't make them like they used to ! Sad to say , It looks like I will have to find a new brand of quality mixers .
 Started using mixer in 2002 ... in Dec. 2004 had to take it in for service ... all the oil had leaked out . Was told I did n't use it enough ! Nearest authorized service center is 35 miles away . I threw away a 30 year old GE mixer when I purchased this one ... wish I had it back . -LRB- I must now order a new cover since the old one is stained on four sides by oil . -RRB-
 I bought one of these about 7 years ago because a friend of mine told me hers had lasted more than 20 years . I was happy to have it because it started me down the road to making my own bread , which I love to do . I generally use the mixer about 20 times a year , almost exclusively for making breads.Well , after 7 years , the motor died . I 'd like to replace the mixer I have , but now I 'm looking for something a bit more reliable than Kitchen Aid . If I have no other choice , I 'd rather not spend $ 200 + on a mixer which wo n't last more than 150 uses.I probably just got a lemon , but I 'm not inclined to take another chance .
 our mixer lasted ten months before it fell apart the chrome ring fell off as we were making cookies not a very good sign for a product like kitchenaid
 I BOUGHT THIS ITEM FOR MY DAUGHTER FOR CHRISTMAS AND AFTER SHE REMOVED IT FROM THE BOX I TOOK A LOOK AT IT TO CHECK IT OVER AND I DISCOVERED THERE WAS MISSING PAINT WHERE THE BAND IS THAT GOES AROUND THE TOP OF THE MIXER . DO I GET THE FEELING THAT THE MIXER I PURCHASED WAS A DEFECT . I ORDERED ANOTHER ONE FOR MY OTHER DAUGHTER AND I WILL HAVE HER CHECK THAT OVER ALSO . I AM NOT HAPPY WITH THIS AND I WILL HAVE TO LOOK INTO THIS MATTER .
 I have had my mixer for 2 years and it has been nothing but trouble . The one year warranty did n't apply to my mixer that was leaking grease from the gears ! Customer service said it was normal . I 'll agree with the first writer that said the products have gone down hill since Whirlpool has taken over !!!! I would go with a Cuisanart .
 I know you probably wo n't believe me , but my knife broke while I was slicing an apple in half - or trying to cut one in half anyway . It was the blade that broke in approximately half - widthwise . It made very little sense , as I did n't feel like I was putting excessive pressure on it and I was n't bending the blade since it was in an apple at the time -LRB- it was a big apple so the blade did n't even stick out the other side -RRB- . My sister also owns the same knife and it makes me nervous as I think they are likely quite dangerous and if they break under other circumstances they could cause some harm - might leave metal shards or have the broken part fly somewhere , like in someone 's eye . Be warned . This product is not a quality product , especially not for this price .
 Let me preface this review by saying that I am VERY picky about my knives . I received this knife as a gift , used it once and threw it in the drawer . I own other Kitchenaid products and I thought this was VERY substandard for their known quality . The steel is very soft so it wo n't hold an edge for very long . Knives should not have to be steeled before each use unless you are doing some MAJOR workhorse cutting . The blade is VERY flexible because the steel is so soft . Paring knives should have minimal flexibility . The spine of the blade did n't even have a consistent taper . It varied in thickness . The handle had a spot where it was raised up like the rivet in the tang was trying to push up through the Delrin . I have to wonder if this was a factory second or something . If you want a QUALITY knife that will keep an edge do your self a favor and spend a little more and go with a Wustof or better yet a Shun Classic . The only thing I use this knife for is a letter opener .
 Cheaply made . Some of the number segments are brighter than the others , making the display a bit annoying to look at . I threw in an extra star because it tells time and the night light is a nice feature .
 Came in wrong color . Did not have alarm volume control as advertised . Too much trouble to return but I guarantee I wo n't be buying on-line again .
 These things are ultra-cheaply made , all plastic , and the `` nail '' breaks off very easily rendering it totally useless for making morning glories because you ca n't twist it while you 're piping the icing into the bowl of it . The two-piece aspect is a joke too . The pieces do n't fit tightly enough to be of any benefit when you 're lining it with aluminum foil . Do n't waste your money . Try to find a metal version of it if you can .
 I ordered this rolling pin based on the wonderful reviews . When it arrived , I was very impressed with the satin smooth wood . I loved the way it looked and felt . But when I went to use it , if I applied any pressure on the rolling pin -LRB- such as what you 'd need to use to flatten a pie crust -RRB- , it suddenly put on the brakes , refused to roll , and dug a hole in my pie crust . I sent it back to Amazon.com , thinking I 'd try another brand . After a month of searching , I decided to try the same brand again . After all , everybody else said they were great . The new rolling pin arrived and I tested it right away . It was worse than the first one . This time I called the Vic Firth people in Maine to find out if this is normal . The lady on the phone was very surprised to hear my problem and said , `` Let 's not get Amazon involved in this . You send us the rolling pin and we 'll send you another one . '' I said they had better test it out before they send it this time . In a couple days I received a UPS pickup label , and I sent off my rolling pin to Maine . After a few weeks , I called them again to find out when they would be sending me my new rolling pin . She told me they were testing it out to find the problem . I do n't know what degree in engineering it takes to test out a rolling pin or why a 2-second test would take them so long . She finally agreed to send me a new rolling pin right away . I again requested that they test it out before they send it to me . A few days later I receive my new Vic Firth rolling pin . It looked like they had opened the packing , hopefully to test it out , but our testing it proved that this rolling pin had the same problem as the first 2 rolling pins we had tried . This is either the same rolling pin being sent back and forth or that 's 3 rolling pins in a row that do n't work . I gave up and sent that one back to Amazon.com for credit . A few days later the UPS man showed up with a return label for my rolling pin . Hmmm.I have finally found another rolling pin that works great . I would have dropped the issue right there , but every time I tell my rolling pin story , people tell me I should write a review to warn people . So this is my story . My new rolling pin -LRB- not a Vic Firth -RRB- works under great pressure . I just wish it was as satin smooth as my first Vic Firth rolling pin was . But I have given up smooth wood for a smooth pie crust .
 I was very disappointed to learn that you have to use Nestle cannisters with this machine . This raises the cost and limits the selection of coffee for this machine . It should be stated more clearly in the on-line catalog.I am returning this product for a refund.Scott
 I bought this pot at Christmas . I bought it after much searching for products made in the USA . I used it twice and the nonstick surface bubbled and peeled off . I was very careful and followed the instructions on not using high heat . I also bought a Nordicware cookware set that is working awesome . The problem is obviously with the aluminum pans and not the black rangeware set .
 I do n't have the D300 but bet the models are all about the same . Thirteen months ago I purchased a Nespresso 250 . Despite a few startup glitches and calls to customer service I was soon making excellent cappuccino . Not hot , but tasty and full bodied . It was n't long before I realized this was going to be an expensive proposition . You must buy a minimum of 50 sleeves -LRB- 10 pods per sleeve -RRB- at a time . 50 sleeves is $ 22.50 plus shipping . Then there 's maintenance - descaling kits , etc. . Well now , that 's not bad for good coffee . When the machine gives out after thirteen months and you 're told there is a $ 120 flate rate repair fee - that 's bad . Actually , not bad , a ripoff . It 's also stupid . Why would Nespresso want to lose a lifetime customer , at those monopoly coffee prices , by fleecing customers on a machine repair ? Is it because Nespresso is selling an inferior product to begin with ?
 Hi Folks ... If you frequent the alt.coffee and other groups , than this is NOT the machine for you . If you DO N'T visit the coffee groups and websites - WHY are you spending $ 300 ? I bought this machine on a lark - because I thought it would be , well , less mess . But the actual espresso this machine makes is in a class with a very nice freeze-dried instant coffee . This is NOT the machine for you if you have -LRB- or suspect you have -RRB- a REAL passion for espresso.There are two problems
 For the price , this is not a bad knife , as it feels good in the hand , is a nice weight , and chops well . However , it is not as durable as I would expect from Kitchen-Aid . The knife will rust if it is left in water for more than an hour or so , and after a month of use , the edge of the blade was showing knicks in it . I e-mailed Kitchen-Aid to complain and was never contacted by them .
 I purchased two of these cabinets . The shelves in one were not level . If cabinets was installed level , items would slide off shelves . The second cabinet had a damaged corner in the mirror . I have spent a full month trying to get a return and refund . First i was told that a refund would be given . Then I was told that the cabinets would be replaced . Now I am told that they neither refund nor replace after thirty days.Finally giving up I went to Lowes and to my surprise they had the same cabinets . It was at Lowes that I discovered that the cabinet I ordered and paid for was not what I received . There were two cabinets identical on the outside but very different on the inside . The cabinet pictured on this website -LRB- sells for $ 29.98 at Lowes -RRB- is not what I received . I received a lower quality cabinet -LRB- sold at Lowes for $ 12.96 -RRB- . I now understand why some reviews felt they received value for their money and others did not . There is obviously either knowingly or unknowingly fraud taking place.Don ' t buy here . Go Lowes so you actually get what you pay for .
 The dimensions are for the mirror , not the cabinet , so if you need it to fit into a pre-existing hole , do n't use those measurements , because the cabinet part is significantly smaller . The mirror creaks and felt ready to fall off , and i had to put caulk over the aluminum seams to avoid cutting my hands .
 Product grade was too low . Metal frame is the thinnest one and easy to be damaged . Cabinet plastic body is very thin . This model probably the lowest end of company product line . I think I got what I paid for . It probably not worth to return right now due to shipping cost plus I need to get project done . I guess I would need to come back to replace it very soon with higher grade model . I should have order higher grade model one with a few dollars more .
 This items looks like my old blade , but does n't fit my machine . It also looks ` used ' . The blade is scratched and dirty looking . I am very upset with this purchase and even more upset that I now have to pay return shipping . Waste of money !
 Delivery was prompt . However , can not use blade , as it does not fit my food processor . The center opening does not contain the vertical part that was attached to my old one that allows it to fit into the machine -LRB- that part broke off of my old blade -RRB- . Even though I included the processor model number in my search , this blade must be made for another model . I have wasted the money for this one , as it will not work with my food processor . You may wish to check very carefully to make sure it will work with your food processor before purchasing . I plan to contact the seller soon to see if -LRB- hopefully -RRB- I may receive a refund by returning the blade .
 The Duvet cover comes with too much lint . To top it off , the product description mentions pillowcases as part of the package , but promptly fails to arrive . This repeated with the replacement too!The material is pretty nice I think except for the lint . Maybe after a few washes it will settle down.Amazon customer service requested me to return the item and were pretty nice and apologetic about it . I feel that they did a good job so far .
 I am not thrilled about it . Because it takes long time to warm it up . I am kind of suck with that .
 Poor quality steel . Mine has stress cracks throughout the blade and will not hold a decent edge . The steel quality is so poor , it 's difficult to even get a cutting edge on the blade !! Avoid this knife .
 I BOUGHT THIS A COUPLE MONTHS BACK I REALLY LIKE THE HANDLE I WAS CHOPPING ONIONS THE OTHER DAY TAPPED IT ON THE CUTTING BOARD TO CLEAR ONIONS THAT WERE STICKING AND POP THE BLADE BROKE OFF ABOUT 1 INCH FROM HANDLE AND it WAS A GENTLE TAP REALLY DISAPPOINTING BUT FOR THE SHORT LIFE IT HAD IT CHOPPED GOOD really liked the handle too bad the blade was so brittle
 The trays looked great and was happy to receive them . I also thought it was clever to create the space for lime wedge . Unfortunately its must have been made up of bad plastic . One tray broke on only told the second time I tried to squeeze out the ice cubes . Very disappointed .
 This shelf is 47.5 '' x 15.5 '' . The Rubbermaid label on the shelf confirms this . It is not 48 '' x 16 '' . Be aware if you need exact measurements .
 Of course I bought this to use as a shelf in the garage , though there was n't one single shelf with the item . I 'd contacted the seller and they said there was n't a shelf included . Nice , huh . So , I 'm not too satisfied .
 I purchased this last year and some of the tips of the knives broke off with regular use . I contacted Kitchen aid and they never responded to my concerns . Love other products but not these .
 I 'm not sure what to do with this candle now . I let it burn for maybe five minutes but could n't tolerate the smell . The fragrance is very sweet . It reminds me of pre-teen perfume/body lotion from the drug store
 The trapp candles are not worth the money I will not buy any more.I use alot of candles for our business , to have a nice fragrance through our office.These candles have less fragrance than ones you get at walmart , etc. . They were a big dissapointment.I will keep them because by the time you pay the shipping and handling cost both ways to get here and to send back it would n't be worth it . A very big dissapointment !! These really are a waste of money .
 When I first bought this toaster a couple years ago , I remember reading that if it requires warranty service , not only do you have to pay return postage but you also have to pay a `` handling fee '' . I thought that was outrageous and set the instructions aside , intending to write a letter to Cuisinart to protest this . Never got around to it , not that they would probably care.It did n't fail under warranty , but less than 2 years afer purchase it 's practically dead and I 'll never buy another Cuisinart product again . The left side stopped working after about 18 months , and the right side heats very unevenly . Even before it started falling apart , it toasted unevenly . What a piece of junk , and what nerve Cuisinart has with their warranty policy !
 I am currently perusing Amazon for a toaster . I noticed the reviews for this toaster and had to put in my two cents . I bought this toaster over a year ago at Bed , Bath , and Beyond . It has toasted unevenly -LRB- one side of the toast darker , while the other side hardly done -RRB- from the beginning . Since I do not use it every day , I have put up with this ever since . However , it has now progressed to not toasting the same on the identical setting . This requires adjusting it each time I toast the same bread type , as well as having to flip the bread around to get an even toast . Although , there were several negative reviews about it when I purchased it , I wrote them off as negligible -LRB- big mistake -RRB- because they were in the minority . However , it now appears from recent reviews that I should have abided by them . Cuisinart has not corrected the problems with this toaster . Given the price for this baby , it is a bad investment . It looks cool , but functions badly .
 Should have sent this back when I had the chance . Looks pretty , lots of controls , BUT toasts very unevenly in all slots . You can even see the difference in the redness of the heating elements . Have the heating controls turned way down and it still burns in places and is pale in others . Do n't buy it , look elsewhere . Finally contacted Cuisinart . They said ship toaster to them and send them $ 7 for them to ship it back . Could have went out for toast for a year for the money tied up with this . Go to Walmart .
 We purchased this toaster from Macy 's and were very disappointed . I thought I was buying the Cusinart countdown toaster that has had better reviews.Cuisinart CPT-190 Brushed Stainless-Steel 4-Slice Toaster with Countdown TimerAnyway , this toaster burnt the toast if you went anyhere over level two . So needless to say there is not a great range of browning . We also began to notice the uneven toasting . In addition , the two slots on the right side did not toast consistently with the same exact setting of the slots on the left side.We ended up buying the Krups FEM4b through Amazon and we love it !!! Check out my review of the Krups.Krups FEM4B 4-Slice Toaster , Black
 I have had this toaster for 2 years . I have come to learn to work with it.I stand by it and watch for the time to push it up ... if not it often burns . I have a toast setting of 3.5 to 4.5 . Anything below that and it gives me a pale toast , anything over it and it burns my toast . It also does the toasting uneven.If toast is a big deal to you buy another toaster . I have learned to smother my mediocre toast with butter and a good cup of coffee !
 We moved into a new house that had Rubbermaid shelves . I purchased this kit for a 49 '' closet which seemed to fit the description perfectly -LRB- between 3 and 5 feet -RRB- . Unfortunately the product was too small and does n't fit in the closet . The instructions say the closet must be 6 feet wide . I have requested a refund from the seller and am waiting for a response .
 I purchased the Vapor-Eze Vaporizer/Aromatherapy Unit based upon the product reviews . I decided to write this review for the benefit of other people who are trying to make a good purchase decision . I generally love the smell of menthol or eucalyptus ... but this smell really bothers me . Also , the smell without the moisture really HURTS my sinuses - very painful . We live in the Pacific Northwest and have plenty of humidity in the air - so I 'm not sure what the problem is . For the past 40 yrs we have used various models of the Vicks Vaporizer - we add the water ; some Vicks ointment/liquid - it puts warm moisture into the air - it feels and smells great.A previous commenter noted they were disappointed the Vapor-Eze fragrance smell did not last longer . I think the smell lasts plenty long - too long . If you are planning to put this unit in an infants or childs room you might reconsider . If this hurts their sinuses - as it did mine - you wo n't know why they are crying.I 'm going to order the Vicks Warm Mist Humidifier instead .
 This thing is a hunk of junk ; a million little pieces that do n't line up properly . Just a complete frustration . Save your money and get a kit from the HomeFree Rubbermaid line . Much , much , much better !
 I like the knifes ; however , they are not meant to be put in the dishwasher as they get rust spots all over them . I would have never purchased if I knew they were not dishwasher safe .
 I have owned these knives for about a year and a half and they are the worst . I always wash by havd and they still rust and they are very dull . I even bought an electric sharpener and they just do n't stay sharp . These are definately not worth the money buy another brand .
 They look good -- but that 's about it . Probably the worst knives I 've ever owned . They can be sharpened but they hold an edge for about 5 minutes max . If you still want to buy them I 'll sell you mine for half price .
 Please , DO N'T BUY THIS ITEM . Save your money . This clothesline is not worth the money they are selling it for . It looks neat , like it is made of metal . But it is made of cheap plastic coated in silver metalic paint . The clothesline is NOT STURDY at all . And it was hard to mount it on the wall as well . My husband thought it would take 5-10 min , but he ended up installing it for at least 30 minutes .
 Unlike the retractable clothes line you may have used at the hotel this product is really only adequate for light duty use . I managed to break the spring in my first one and the string in the second .
 Cheaply made and looks cheap . Not worth even the economical price . Save yourself the trouble and go more upscale .
 String does not lock in place . Does not support clothes . Garbage ! Save your money . .
 it is nothing but a green sign with stickers on it you would have better luck making one yourself it would probably turn out better some of the letters have air bubbles under them not worth the money
 We were fooled by the Cuisinart name on this item . Expected high quality , but shot within 2 weeks . The handle is metal on the outside , but plastic on the inside . After about a dozen or so can openings , the plastic portion of the handle shattered , instantly turning this unit from can opener to giant paperweight . Poor design . We now happily use a manual can opener with nice beefy handles and will think twice about purchasing any more Cuisinart products .
 Absolutely 100 % second the review by the Staten Island guy . Exact same thing happened to my appliance . Plastic sleeve inside the cutting tool , which fits into the slot of the `` paperweight , '' shattered . I 'm going to use it for an anchor on my WW2 minesweeper . I too will be wary of the Cuisinart brand from now on .
 Does n't really stay down around the corners . It is very long which is nice , but I 'm sure you could find something cheaper and just as good at your local store .
 I was a little dissapointed when I opened the box to discover that the set was not actually bright red , as appears in the photo , but a dark red to almost maroon . The knives themselves are of pretty miserable quality . The shorter knikes are okay , but the longer knives are thin , flexible , and do n't hold a sharp edge . Save your money and buy just one or two good knives .
 The knives are great , but the rotating carousel is maroon color . It does n't match the knives , which are actually bright red . The carousel is also very large in size and does n't look as good as it does in the pictures . I read a review about it being maroon , and thought that maybe that is just one person 's opinion , but it turned out to be TRUE . If you are buying it for the color - do n't .
 Yes , the color is beautiful and rich . And yes , they wash well . But these are going into the trash because they are about as soft as cardboard . Some say they feel crisp -- I 'd say stiff and scratchy . It 's hard to believe that these have such a high thread count . I 've tried everything
 The sheet fabric is very nice , though I would have paid $ 10 for an extra 4 inches of length on the top sheet . The fatal flaw is the elastic banding in the bottom fitted sheet . It slowly `` relaxed '' with each weekly washing -LRB- warm water , newish washer -RRB- . In less than 6 months there was no elasticity at all . The sheet , as a result , wo n't stay on the bed . It is a fatal flaw , with no apparent recourse from Amazon . These are premium sheets , they should last for years , not 4 or 5 months . I 'd rate zero stars if possible . Do n't buy them , buy something else . Pay a little more or less but these will fail .
 Pictured product looked soft and silky . Quite the opposite . Very stiff for over 400 thread count . Every time I turned over I would hear them crinkle . Took them off the bed after one night . Very disappointing .
 The deal seemed too good to be true . It was . I 've washed these sheets about 8 times and they 're still not soft . They 're stiff and scratchy . Not a recommended buy unless you have the time to wash the suckers into softness .
 Beautiful color ... Not worth it . They actually keep me awake with their crackly paper sound ... stiff , noisy sheets ... yeah , just what you want ! Not my idea of inviting comfort ... Never soften when washed . I just ca n't figure who would actually enjoy these scratchy , noisy sheets.Go figure .
 These sheets come in pretty colors and look nice on the bed but they are still rough even after many washings .
 The bottom sheet came with a 5 inch run in it . Not worth the time and postage to return for a replacement . Being 440 count I was expecting better quality .
 I ordered King size sheets and received a package with a King size sticker on top of a Cal King sticker . Guess what
 You get what you pay for . These sheets are not 440 thread count . Google `` thread count '' and you 'll come across articles that discuss how some sellers inflate thread count to increase sales . I think these sheets belong in that category . They 're not smooth and tight like sheets with this high a thread count should be . They 're OK for the price but I wo n't buy this Brand again .
 I have washed these sheets 8 times , once for 60 minutes ... and they are still stiff and feel like canvas . I finally took them off the bed and gave them to St. Vincent DePaul society as they might be acceptable by someone who does n't have sheets but that would be the only way one would use them !
 Pinzon Italian Cotton Percale Full Sheet Set , IvoryPinzon 400-Thread-Count 100 % Egyptian Cotton Hemstitch Queen Sheet Set , SandThe sheets I recently purchased were so rough it is impossible to use them , I have used a bottle of softener on them with no success , very disappointed .
 These are rough to the touch sheets , do n't waste your money . I put them on my bed after washing and in one hour i had to get up and remove them . awful do n't buy these sheets .
 These sheets are more scratchy than other 440 thread count sheets I have had . These sheets feel more like 200 thread count . Even after washing , the sheets are still rough . I ordered the color Saddle , and it is a few shades darker than what appears in the picture .
 I was hoping for a soft feel , these are not . First washing sheets were very wrinkled , once on bed wrinkles were gone . But we have sheets that are 200 count that are much softer than these . Do yourself a favor and do not buy the sheets . They do look good , but to me the most important thing is how do they feel .
 Pros
 I think I recognize this thing . I bought one at a Target . It 's made of PARTICLE BOARD , WITH STICKERS ON IT to give it a `` finished '' look . The boards were cut wrong , and not all the holes for the screws had been drilled and some were drilled in the wrong spots . It took me over an hour to assemble it and I wound up with the tackiest looking rickety thing I 'd ever seen . Just imagine trying to put screws into cheap particle board , with bad holes to kick things off . I walked it over to a big dumpster and happily hurled it in . There 's truly nothing to say about this thing other than how outrageously junky it is - can not believe they actually expect money for it ! I would n't even take it for free unless I had a fireplace .
 I spent a lot of money on this blender hoping for something with commercial oomph . I used it less than 20 times and have never been happy with it ... can not keep it on -LRB- only has timed settings -RRB- , has no speed control ... and it 's now broken . I have to fiddle with the fuse to make it work every time I use . When I turn it off , I have to play with the fuse again to turn it on . Spend the same money and get a BlendTec like I did . WOW ! That thing blends the socks off even the VitaMix !
 Unless you get a great discount on this or dont care if it lasts more than a few hours , this product will disappoint . I got mine for $ 10 and it worked the night we opened it . I think my son wants me to replace it and I just cant put the money out again .
 The clock is nice , but the battery does not fit in the slot provided and the clock does not work most of the time .
 Serrated teeth are too far apart and blade is too thick . It tears the bread
 I ordered King size sheets and received a package with a King size sticker on top of a Cal King sticker . Guess what
 Yes , the color is beautiful and rich . And yes , they wash well . But these are going into the trash because they are about as soft as cardboard . Some say they feel crisp -- I 'd say stiff and scratchy . It 's hard to believe that these have such a high thread count . I 've tried everything
 The sheet fabric is very nice , though I would have paid $ 10 for an extra 4 inches of length on the top sheet . The fatal flaw is the elastic banding in the bottom fitted sheet . It slowly `` relaxed '' with each weekly washing -LRB- warm water , newish washer -RRB- . In less than 6 months there was no elasticity at all . The sheet , as a result , wo n't stay on the bed . It is a fatal flaw , with no apparent recourse from Amazon . These are premium sheets , they should last for years , not 4 or 5 months . I 'd rate zero stars if possible . Do n't buy them , buy something else . Pay a little more or less but these will fail .
 Pictured product looked soft and silky . Quite the opposite . Very stiff for over 400 thread count . Every time I turned over I would hear them crinkle . Took them off the bed after one night . Very disappointing .
 The deal seemed too good to be true . It was . I 've washed these sheets about 8 times and they 're still not soft . They 're stiff and scratchy . Not a recommended buy unless you have the time to wash the suckers into softness .
 Beautiful color ... Not worth it . They actually keep me awake with their crackly paper sound ... stiff , noisy sheets ... yeah , just what you want ! Not my idea of inviting comfort ... Never soften when washed . I just ca n't figure who would actually enjoy these scratchy , noisy sheets.Go figure .
 The bottom sheet came with a 5 inch run in it . Not worth the time and postage to return for a replacement . Being 440 count I was expecting better quality .
 These sheets come in pretty colors and look nice on the bed but they are still rough even after many washings .
 You get what you pay for . These sheets are not 440 thread count . Google `` thread count '' and you 'll come across articles that discuss how some sellers inflate thread count to increase sales . I think these sheets belong in that category . They 're not smooth and tight like sheets with this high a thread count should be . They 're OK for the price but I wo n't buy this Brand again .
 I have washed these sheets 8 times , once for 60 minutes ... and they are still stiff and feel like canvas . I finally took them off the bed and gave them to St. Vincent DePaul society as they might be acceptable by someone who does n't have sheets but that would be the only way one would use them !
 Pinzon Italian Cotton Percale Full Sheet Set , IvoryPinzon 400-Thread-Count 100 % Egyptian Cotton Hemstitch Queen Sheet Set , SandThe sheets I recently purchased were so rough it is impossible to use them , I have used a bottle of softener on them with no success , very disappointed .
 These are rough to the touch sheets , do n't waste your money . I put them on my bed after washing and in one hour i had to get up and remove them . awful do n't buy these sheets .
 These sheets are more scratchy than other 440 thread count sheets I have had . These sheets feel more like 200 thread count . Even after washing , the sheets are still rough . I ordered the color Saddle , and it is a few shades darker than what appears in the picture .
 I was hoping for a soft feel , these are not . First washing sheets were very wrinkled , once on bed wrinkles were gone . But we have sheets that are 200 count that are much softer than these . Do yourself a favor and do not buy the sheets . They do look good , but to me the most important thing is how do they feel .
 Pros
 I bought 3 of these for my business , after one year , one has water leaked to the control panel = > stop working . Other has broken motor .
 I like the idea that the blinds hang on a standard curtain pole , so you do n't have to fuss around with mounting . However , the selection is slim , and I do n't think you can even find these anymore . I did order the natural/ivory color , but they are not lined and do n't keep out the light at night , when I want the bedroom to be DARK . I also have a pair in dark purple , which blocks the light better . I agree that you have to be very careful raising and lowering them , the mechanism is rather flimsy .
 I bought these shades for my family room because they were so much more attractive than the other shades I could find . I 've only had them up for about 6 months and they are falling to pieces . The cords run through flimsy plastic rings on the back of the shade . So far 4 of the rings have broken . I 've had to repair them by attaching safety pins to the back and running the cord through them . Also , one of the clasps holding the cord in place failed within the first couple of weeks -LRB- used a safety pin for that one too -RRB- . I 'm running out of safety pins and patience . I wish I had saved my money .
 I purchased this wine bucket solely because the description showed its shipping weight as 5.7 pounds . When it arrived the package seemed very light and turned out to be 1 pound 12 ounces . This wine bucket is very light and thin stainless steel , nowhere near the weight advertised . Nevertheless the design is satisfactory and I assume it will fulfill its function . The price is right .
 I was charged $ 8.00 more than the stated advertized price on the internet , I complained and there has been no response .
 I either ordered this pot either last year , or the year before . So , at most , we 've only had it for 11/2 years . It seemed to good to be true . It 's wonderful to have a non-breakable teapot with a very nice tea infuser . However , the metal interior started flaking off and began appearing in our tea . This just did n't seem healthy -LRB- to drink cast iron bits -RRB- , so we chucked it . I was hoping that this teapot would last and last , but in actuality , it lasted just the same as a porcelian pot . For all those who like the teapot now , hopefully you will not experience the same phenomena as we did - flaked iron in your tea after little more than a year .
 Purchased this teapot on December 24 , 2011 . Very disappointed . Although it is of nice design , after using it for 10 months the enamel is flaking off . The pot is rusted . I never used it on direct heat . Totally unusable . Would like my money back .
 Here 's the honest scoop on this teapot . This teapot has too much surface area for a tetsubin cast iron teapot . The result is the tea gets cold very quickly - even if you use a tea warmer with a candle . Since I like my tea hot , this was a very poor choice.Subsequently I replaced this with a Iwachu Japanese Iron Teapot at more than double the cost . If you really want a pleasant tetsubin teapot experience -- go with the Iwachu -- because it keeps the tea at the perfect drinking temperature and with care it will last a lifetime .
 I was REALLY happy when I got this teapot -- although it looks small , it actually holds a lot of tea , it 's beautiful , and it certainly seemed durable.Unfortunately , even though I washed it before I used it , black enamel was showing up in my tea -- it tastes bad -LRB- like solvent or paint -RRB- and it ca n't be good for you . I was hoping that this was just because it was new , but I 've had it almost a month now and it still makes my tea ink-black and disgusting . I 'll be returning it -- bummer !
 This came with the handle attached . The handle was cast iron and it was IMPOSSIBLE t attach it . Whoever made and assembled this product did a sloppy and poor job . Horrible DO NOT RECOMMEND .
 I had this on my wish list because of the positive reviews and because it looked nice in the picture . When it arrived it was an almost neon green -- not the rustic/antique look pictured.It is very very small.The bottom has started to rust after a year , leaving rust all over the stove.Should have returned it , but my daughter had bought it for me.Seriously overpriced for such a disappointing product !
 Item arrived inside a box with other items I ordered at the same time , and the exterior box did not appear damaged ; however , when I pulled out the box with the teapot , I found that the lip of the spout was broken off .
 The only complaint I would have had about this machine a year ago is that the steam wand is confusing to assemble and prone to make hot milk explode in your face , but now I am wishing I had spent the money on something else . The no-drip function has conveniently evolved into a non-stop-drip function . It 's not worth the mess . Just save your money for a better machine .
 I bought this iron from ebay . It worked once and then started leaking water from the holes in the steam plate . Wasted $ 19 .
 When iron is taken off of the charging base , the battery back up feature does not work .
 I purchased this blender in August 2005 and used it several times successfully . On the first really chilly day in October 2005 , I was getting ready to puree a giant batch of homemade tomato sauce that had been simmering all day . I put the blender in my sauce and pushed the button . It made a weak , strained noise , emitted a ` burned motor ' odor , and I found that the blades were not spinning . I took the shaft off the motor and found little bits of black plastic . Apparently , the axle -LRB- inner shaft ? -RRB- had disintegrated and what did n't land in my food was rattling around inside the detatchable blender shaft . I bought this thing to replace a regular Farberware blender that gave out in a similar manner . Even though I can still use the food processor and whisk attachments , I once again have no blender . If I choose to send the offending part back to be replaced , I am out $ 10 for shipping , however much for insurance , and my time to go to the shipping store . I am off to Sprawl-Mart to get a cheap stick and I wo n't be so disappointed when it dies -- and I 'll bet it can last more than 2 months !
 Length :
 Weems & Plath Martinique Collection Quartz Ship 's Bell Clock -LRB- Standard -RRB- Clock is of the high quality that one expects from Weems & Plath . However , one can not hear the bells striking unless one places his/her ear on the mechanism . Then , the sound is a clicking rather than the bells striking . In my opinion , the clock is not worth the extra two or three hundred dollars over the price of a quartz ship 's clock without the bells .
 I ca n't even comment on the product itself for I did n't even have a chance to use it , so this review is in no way a reflection on the product itself . I purchased this product from This Seller -LRB- Red Arrow Savings -LRB- RAS -RRB- -RRB- and another one from a different seller -LRB- City Source -LRB- CS -RRB- -RRB- and the shipments arrived in a timely manner -LRB- same day -RRB- ! I purchased one for myself and another for a friend . However , after a CLOSE inspection of both products from the different sellers they are the same identical product . Buyers BEWARE !!!! In my opinion , after viewing and reviewing the advertising and description of this product -LRB- check out the info that was admitted and omitted by -LRB- RAS -RRB- -RRB- by these two different sellers -LRB- RAS has to know that they are the SAME ITEM -RRB- I believed them to be two different products . However , after getting the items in hand and carefully inspecting the products and packaging they appeared to be the very same item . Furthermore , I uncovered and verified the truth by removing their -LRB- RAS -RRB- sticker cover which was covering the manufacturers original UPC bar code , which was the same/identical UPC bar code as the item purchased from CS , and I came away feeling deceived and cheated . They -LRB- RAS -RRB- had covered it with what appeared to be their own self generated bar code -LRB- with no numbers -RRB- and having their own item description as follows ; X000D215S7 , Jaccard Super 3 Meat Tenderizer , NEW . I do not doubt that this product is new -LRB- from the factory -RRB- but it is the identical product with a price different of $ 16.16 . I want to thank Amazon 's quick response and action to my complaint .
 Amazon and their selling partners are loosing their edge by trying to maximize profits by charging outrageous S&H ; fees.Not good for Amazon buyers & sellers.Perhaps Amazon is a good search engine to get reviews but not the best bargain seller.Thank you
 We bought these chairs in November of 2011 . $ 499 each ! I saw cushion stuffing coming out on the floor 8 months later . The pole that sticks straight out under the seat cushion was impaling through the seat cushion ! The weight limit on these chairs was stated to be 250 pounds . No one here weighs near that ! The wooden frames are pretty sturdy , however , whomever built this chair created a flawed design . When we saw the holes underneath on the seat cushions , -LRB- in BOTH chairs mind you -RRB- we called the manufacturer in Florida as it was well past the return for AMAZON . They were rude at Mac Motion . They said they had NEVER had this problem before . They quickly and smugly told us to deal with Amazon . They totally passed the buck back to Amazon like it was Amazon 's fault ! So , we called Amazon and they have been WONDERFUL . If you buy these chairs , BUY FROM AMAZON . They will take care of you . Thank goodness I did not buy from Mac Motion . I can only imagine how horrendous that would have been ! Also , a tip . DO N'T throw the boxes out until you know the chairs will not fall apart before the year is up !!!! We had to disassemble them to return and we taped big boxes together to send back . It took four boxes taped and lots of tape and bubble wrap to get them packed . I hope you do not get suckered by the great comments . My comment is a `` down the road '' comment . If you want an ergonomic chair , buy it in person . This has been a dark cloud except for AMAZON and its AWESOME customer service . Thank you AMAZON!SHAME on you Mac Motion ! If Amazon pays any attention to these reviews , they will cease and desist selling Mac Motion products !
 very heavy indeed !! heaviest pan I 've ever seen , if you like heavy , well then this is the product for you .
 paid for shipping and item arrived on time , no delay in shipping . The minute I saw the pan , I can tell that it was not steel . I was not expecting stainless steel but this is no way close to steel . This is a carbon steel pan , oxidizes very badly . I am not sure if that is any healthy . The packet did not include any return instructions or invoice.Very very disappointed , got the pan for -LSB- ... -RSB- -LRB- including shipping -RRB- not worth it !!
 As I see this online product I purchased , Mac Motion Leather Recliner , touting `` Saddle Leather '' , as displayed and described , as supple saddle `` top-grade leather '' I sit here looking at my just delivered Mac Motion Chair ... and as I pull the pieces out of the box , I grimace and think to myself ... `` Leather ?? '' , this is vinyl Pleather at best , no leather smell , vinyl feel ... I examine it closer , the zip covers pulled backed reveal man-made pleather and the filling is so cheap , I am so dissapointed ... Tell me I am wrong , but this is just plain cheap . Check out -LSB- ... -RSB- These chairs are marketed towards being a high-end leather furniture market , why are they sold as such?Please comment ... thank you!Anyone out there have an opinion ... I am bummed ! 07/01/2010Follow up _ THIS CHAIR IS CHEAP AND IT SUCKS > !! Arms has torn , clearly is man-made cheap vinyl ... still stand behind this Review ... AVOID . . !!
 This thing , as a polite term , is cheap and poorly made . If you do not intend to sit in it but rather , use it as a visual piece for selling a house , this may be for you . Otherwise , save your hard earned money ! Shortly after using it a weld cracked . I am not huge or hold elephants in my lap . This left the chair unstable and made impossible to drink coffee while seated.Regarding the weld failure , I understand that stuff from china needs help . I paid to have that repaired at a machine shop . The welder said it was just soft steel . In my opinion , this is a short term product and is produced to be sold . Repeat customers ? That 's a laugh . Without reservation I can say that I would n't buy another mac product ; ever . Almost omitted this ... whatever cushioning the seat provided when new soon evaporated . No kidding , it 's a joke -LRB- on consumers -RRB- !
 Within a week the chair screws were breaking the wood and it is wobbling . I do n't expect stellar results from anything , but for $ 500 I 'd like to think it would n't be having problems this soon . The quality of the chair is questionable for even $ 200 .
 I bake my own bread and this was a gift . After it 's initial washing the peel emitted a strong odor of Formaldehyde . After visiting their website which vaguely addressed the smell , I emailed them asking if it contained formaldehyde . Their response only advised me to see their website and said they were certified by the `` National Sanitary Foundation '' -LRB- which means nothing -RRB- . `` Epicurean cutting surfaces are made up of layers of paper that are then soaked with phenolic resin and cured to create a solid sheet . '' Would n't you know that another name for phenolic resins is phenol-formaldehyde polymer!I 'm returning this item because I do not want my food in contact with toxins . I 'll stick to the traditional wood peel .
 This pizza peel emits a strong chemical odor when wet . When I removed my pizza from the oven , I left it on the peel to cool and serve at the table . My pizza dough absorbed the odor from the peel , making the meal unpleasant . Otherwise , this peel is a good size and shape , and easy to clean . Unfortunately , I will be returning it and purchasing one made of 100 % wood .
 I bought this pizza peel from another store -LRB- Williams-Sonoma -RRB- based on the strong reviews I 've read . Sadly , I found that whenever the surface gets damp , it starts off-gassing a gluey resin odor . I 've washed it several times , to no avail . Even worse , the odor gets on the food !
 The pizza peel is very functional , unfortunately the smell of formaldehyde is just too much to bear . It is most noticeable when washing with warm water or leaving a hot pizza on it to cool . You can smell it on the bottom of a slice , yuck . Not too mention the possible health implications , if in fact this chemical was used to manufacture the peel . I 'm surprised it has not been banned ! What a waste of money ...
 This peel might function great , but I could n't get past an overpowering smell it had when it was wet . For anyone who has done dissections in Anatomy , you would recognize the smell . It seems to be some sort of aldehyde , and I 'm not sure if it was just a coating or used to hold the composite material together . Whatever caused it , I could not get it off with washing , even in the dishwasher . I have read other reviews for the light-color version that mention the smell , while others do not . But for me , the last thing I want is to be reminded of anatomy lab when I am baking bread .
 I purchased this item in Dec. . This peel gives off an overpowering chemical-like odor when handwashing as well as when removing a hot pizza from the oven . This nauseating odor is absorbed into the pizza crust which ruins the meal . I even tried using to only transfer the pizza from the oven onto another cutting surface and it made no difference . Aside from this , I like the design and size of the product . However , I intend to use it as a trivet rather than a pizza peel and purchase a different brand as a replacement .
 As others have noted , this peel emits a disgusting smell that absorbs into the bottom of a pizza , loaf of bread , or whatever else you use the peel for . I do n't know whether it 's dangerous to eat , but it smells like burnt tires and will completely ruin your meal . The smell actually passed through a layer of parchment paper and right into my pizza.I guess the company did n't bother testing this product?Avoid , at all costs . Especially if it 's really formaldehyde . What are we , lab specimens ?
 How is it , exactly , that one slides a prepared homemade pizza off of this peeler onto the pizza stone ? I made a beautiful homemade pizza crust and topped it with pizza sauce , pizza cheese , romano tomatoes , pepperoni , fresh onions , fresh green peppers , and browned mild Italian sausage . And yes , I sprinkled cornmeal on both the pizza stone and the peeler , preheated the stone per directons ... . and then I tried to slide the entire pizza onto the stone ... the only thing that moved was the sausage . I tried using a metal spatula , also known as a pancake turner ... same thing ... I tried to transfer the pizza to one of my metal pizza pans . Finally I just dumped the pizza onto the pan , letting it fall where it may . The result ? More of a pizza cobbler than a fresh homemade pizza . Oh , the disappointment , after all the work to make the homemade pizza dough , the homemade pizza sauce , brown the sausage , cut the fresh vegetables and layer all the ingredients - one sad mess ! Can anyone tell me how I 'm supposed to accomplish the transfer of the pizza from the peel to the stone ? Neither the peeler nor the stone came with instructions .
 It did last three years , but for the past few years I would often need to ` help ' it to get it working.This fountain is in a location not seen very often and I 'm sure that running out of water contributed to the problems.It finally quit for good and have now replaced it with the Beckett M130 -LRB- with auto shut-off -RRB- from Amazon . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The pump arrived with a broken flow control cover . The supplier sent a replacement , but it is already broken again . Also , the water inlet is too small and is easily clogged , requiring almost daily cleaning . I do not recommend this pump if you are using it in an outdoor setting .
 Total crap . I was able to cap about 6 bottles before the thing broke on me . The peg that holds the capper in the correct height position is made of soft plastic and it becaame deformed after just a few bottles and now you can not cap at all with it . I pulled out my red barron capper and finished the job . The red barron is faster and caps better anyway . I would return it , but the cost to return this large item just is n't worth it . I really regret buying this item .
 The first thing you notice on this abomination of crap is the fact that the domed top of the piston that takes the most pressure and beating when you pull the handle down to cap is made of SOFT PLASTIC . How positively stupid is that ? In about a week of use the inner spring piston area became deformed -LRB- you guessed it - also soft cheap plastic -RRB- which prevents the capping bell from retracting and now I have to manually push the capping bell back up after every cap I put on a bottle . This is one beyond belief piece of junk .
 While this is much faster and easier to use than an Emily capper , it is very cheaply made . The center piston that holds the bell bends as it is pressed down onto the bottle . I usually have to hold the bottle in place for fear of the bell shearing off . I would recommend looking elsewhere to find a better capper as I am not very happy with this one .
 I spent about $ 39 to purchase the Super Agata bench bottle capper and I already feel like I got cheated . After capping only 10 to 15 bottles , the little magnet that holds the crown caps in place came off never to be found again . Also the small plastic rectangular piece used to adjust the moving unit up and down according to bottle size got badly mangled from the start . This capper does not come with instructions , I can not find replacement parts anywhere , and each time I tried to use it I ended up grabbing my old Emily capper -LRB- which btw costs only $ 18.00 or so -RRB- . I definitively do not recommend this product !
 This product is absolutely horrible . Tried having a whole dedicated week of keg tapping for a local college event and got nothing but foam !!! Tapped keg on several different occasions and tap does not properly seal ! after 3 kegs i finally wasted more money just to go get a cheap rental from the local grocery store that worked 10 times better then this junk . It is also cheaply made with cheap plastic that is not durable . after first use one hose was broken . After cleaning product and trying it one last time for a grad party it spit foam foam foam then finally crapped ! right after thirty days . worse money I have ever spent !! I never even do reviews for products but everyone needs to know this is junk and to stay away from it !
 The liner is advertised as a 9 '' liner , but actually measured 8 '' . I ended up returning the product , as I did n't feel it was sold as advertised .
 As the prior reviewer said , these liners actually measure only 81/4 '' . I emailed the mfg and they said the reason was that a majority of pans had angled sides , not straight sides . The 9 '' measurement was for the rim of an angled sided pan , not the bottom . Although the picture shows a straight sided cake pan with the liner covering the bottom , this is not what you get . Also these liners are Fiberglas covered with a Teflon type material . They have a raw , cut edge . I 'm a bit leery of this around food . They 're going back .
 The blender you see in the picture is not the actual one that you receive . The HBB908 is the correct name but the blender pictured is the HB04-0032 . The 908 is made out of plastic as opposed to the one in the picture which is stainless steal as the description states . I have owned the blender in the picture for many years and was buying another one for my other house . I was very dissapointed to open the box and find the cheap plastic blender . I have tried contacting amazon but it is very difficult to reach them . Look at other online stores for a proper description of the HB908 as that is the actual one you will receive .
 Both of the cocktail carousels I ordered from Hotsale came broken and were very cheaply made . This product is made of a plastic material not metal as the picture would indicate . Unfortunately , trying to return these defective products to Hotsale has been the most grueling customer service experience of my life ! They actually said they would only give me a full refund and cover my return expenses if I withdrew my negative customer feedback on Amazon . Then , they went back on their promise . I wonder how many other customers have withdrawn their negative feedback . Be very cautious in dealing with Hotsale !
 If these are n't broken before you wrestle them onto a mattress , you should be a surgeon !! We bought two of these mattress covers , and I have to say they are the single lowest quality items I have purchased for any use ever . The zippers both broke instantly . The cheap plastic tore . Really not worth a dime . AVOID .
 I ordered King size sheets and received a package with a King size sticker on top of a Cal King sticker . Guess what
 Yes , the color is beautiful and rich . And yes , they wash well . But these are going into the trash because they are about as soft as cardboard . Some say they feel crisp -- I 'd say stiff and scratchy . It 's hard to believe that these have such a high thread count . I 've tried everything
 The sheet fabric is very nice , though I would have paid $ 10 for an extra 4 inches of length on the top sheet . The fatal flaw is the elastic banding in the bottom fitted sheet . It slowly `` relaxed '' with each weekly washing -LRB- warm water , newish washer -RRB- . In less than 6 months there was no elasticity at all . The sheet , as a result , wo n't stay on the bed . It is a fatal flaw , with no apparent recourse from Amazon . These are premium sheets , they should last for years , not 4 or 5 months . I 'd rate zero stars if possible . Do n't buy them , buy something else . Pay a little more or less but these will fail .
 Pictured product looked soft and silky . Quite the opposite . Very stiff for over 400 thread count . Every time I turned over I would hear them crinkle . Took them off the bed after one night . Very disappointing .
 The deal seemed too good to be true . It was . I 've washed these sheets about 8 times and they 're still not soft . They 're stiff and scratchy . Not a recommended buy unless you have the time to wash the suckers into softness .
 Beautiful color ... Not worth it . They actually keep me awake with their crackly paper sound ... stiff , noisy sheets ... yeah , just what you want ! Not my idea of inviting comfort ... Never soften when washed . I just ca n't figure who would actually enjoy these scratchy , noisy sheets.Go figure .
 The bottom sheet came with a 5 inch run in it . Not worth the time and postage to return for a replacement . Being 440 count I was expecting better quality .
 These sheets come in pretty colors and look nice on the bed but they are still rough even after many washings .
 Pinzon Italian Cotton Percale Full Sheet Set , IvoryPinzon 400-Thread-Count 100 % Egyptian Cotton Hemstitch Queen Sheet Set , SandThe sheets I recently purchased were so rough it is impossible to use them , I have used a bottle of softener on them with no success , very disappointed .
 These are rough to the touch sheets , do n't waste your money . I put them on my bed after washing and in one hour i had to get up and remove them . awful do n't buy these sheets .
 You get what you pay for . These sheets are not 440 thread count . Google `` thread count '' and you 'll come across articles that discuss how some sellers inflate thread count to increase sales . I think these sheets belong in that category . They 're not smooth and tight like sheets with this high a thread count should be . They 're OK for the price but I wo n't buy this Brand again .
 I have washed these sheets 8 times , once for 60 minutes ... and they are still stiff and feel like canvas . I finally took them off the bed and gave them to St. Vincent DePaul society as they might be acceptable by someone who does n't have sheets but that would be the only way one would use them !
 These sheets are more scratchy than other 440 thread count sheets I have had . These sheets feel more like 200 thread count . Even after washing , the sheets are still rough . I ordered the color Saddle , and it is a few shades darker than what appears in the picture .
 I was hoping for a soft feel , these are not . First washing sheets were very wrinkled , once on bed wrinkles were gone . But we have sheets that are 200 count that are much softer than these . Do yourself a favor and do not buy the sheets . They do look good , but to me the most important thing is how do they feel .
 Pros
 very heavy indeed !! heaviest pan I 've ever seen , if you like heavy , well then this is the product for you .
 paid for shipping and item arrived on time , no delay in shipping . The minute I saw the pan , I can tell that it was not steel . I was not expecting stainless steel but this is no way close to steel . This is a carbon steel pan , oxidizes very badly . I am not sure if that is any healthy . The packet did not include any return instructions or invoice.Very very disappointed , got the pan for -LSB- ... -RSB- -LRB- including shipping -RRB- not worth it !!
 mine was broken and out of its package when i got it , im going to order a different one , mabey it was just that one time
 It worked for a month or so , then it seemed to indicate that my fridge was having issues . I got a service man out and he found the fridge to be working fine . I set the thermometer out in my house where it read almost 90 degrees while every other thermostat/thermometer said 66 degrees . So thanks to this thermometer , I wasted a 60 dollar service fee . So if it indicates problems , check to see if it is working right -LRB- in the `` outside '' world -RRB- before getting your fridge checked !
 Finally getting around to writing this review . I had bought this model , luckily for only $ 6 back last July . It did not work at all out of the box . Would not go below 50 degrees or so , even in the freezer . At the time I also bought the MUI # 90062MIU # 90062 Commercial Freezer Thermometer , which worked fine , as in both the fridge and the freezer , and it has a much nicer display , and since they raised the price on the Cookrite , the MUI model is cheaper too . I verified the Mui is accurate with a mercury thermometer . The Cookrite would come close , like I wrote it was off by over 30 degrees . I was going to send an email to the maker of the Cookrite or return it to Amazon , but for 6 bucks it was n't worth my time to pack & ship . Maybe some people got lucky , as I see from some of the other reviews , good for them , but mine was junk .
 Thermometer does work , but the little spot weld that holds on the hanging clip broke off on the first trip .
 I bought the Cook Rite and the Taylor together . This one -LRB- I think -RRB- was broken in the packaging . It neve worked . Returned it and ordered a second Taylor .
 I liked the design , but quality is poor . The sizes of lid and tray are not matching , so that the lid is not stable when closed .
 I know this was not a very expensive butter dish but good grief it is n't even remotley square . It looks like something my grandaughter would make in second grade art class . The color is a grey white not a true white . The only saving factor is it holds two sticks of butter . They show it turned like this because the lid in no way sets properly .
 Terrible product , arrived damaged , packaging was a joke ... More off putting was Comparashop 's terrible customer service . I was given the run around for two weeks , never got return phone calls , put on hold for up to 45 minutes and disconnected , dealt with extremely dull witted people who never had any record of who I was each time I called . After awhile they turned on an answering machine with no live customer service reps to speak with . Finally , resolved it through Amazon directly ... do NOT use Comparshop unless your into pain and suffering .
 Bought this for my office , and I am very disappointed . It is not cold at all . Do not bother storing dairy products in this , they will just go bad .
 This was the perfect size for my office . Loved that it did n't have wasted space with a freezer that I would n't use . Problem is ... it died . Warranty good for 12 months and mine is 18 . So it cost me about $ 6 a month to own . Not too bad I guess but I would n't do it again ! I wo n't buy another Haier !
 AVOID THIS COMPANY !! My unit arrived broken . Haier customer service was rude & obnoxious . They were completely unapologetic & seemed to go out of their way to be UNHELPFUL . When I finally bullied them into action , they wanted a full week to send out a service man who may or may not have been able to fix it . I spoke to both customer service and corporate , both were extremely rude and entirely useless . What 's more , neither one had the decency to so much as apologize . NEVER AGAIN.This was every internet buyer 's nightmare !
 Before I bought this product I read reviews that said that this refrigerator never gets really cold no matter what setting you put it on . I also read that milk would go bad.But I -LRB- foolishly -RRB- bought the product anyway , and have learned from first-hand experience that this fridge -LRB- 1 -RRB- is just barely cold enough to keep meat from spoiling , -LRB- 2 -RRB- is not cold enough to keep frozen dinners frozen , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- will not keep milk from getting sour.I could not afford anything more at the time -LRB- price was great ! -RRB- , and I still have this product -- just to keep soda and water ` chilly ' . But I hope to get a real refrigerator within the next few months.If you can afford something better , do n't buy this product .
 Bought this thinking I could use a simple fridge for my dorm room . It worked great for about 5 months , and then nothing happened . I checked with Haier and they said without the original receipt I could n't get a replacement . So now I have a big black box that is totally useless to me . Bargain yes , but it 's just not worth it to waste the money . I ca n't recommend it .
 terrible buy and waste of money . never worked when plugged in.had to send it back . motor was working when plugged in but it never cooled . lesson learned , buy a popular brand name fridge .
 I brought this thing about 16 months ago and it barely gets cold not only that the freezer part is always freezing and melting even after messing with the temp dial so anything i put in the fridge on the right side ends up soaking wet this thing is just god awful
 When I ordered this clock , there were a number of negative reviews -LRB- which mysteriously are now missing from this page ... -RRB- about the fact that the hands are nearly invisible . Well , I looked at the picture and thought that hands did n't look invisible to me , so I ignored the warnings . Mistake . Yes , the hands are invisible unless you are standing directly in front of the clock . However the biggest problem is that it does n't keep time . The first time it started to slow down , I thought it was probably the battery -- so I changed it and reset it . The second time , I thought maybe it was a bad battery , so I changed it again . Well , it continues to lose exactly 20 minutes at unpredictable times . It will run well for a number of weeks and then just when I think it 's finally worked out its problem - bam - it loses time . I am really really disappointed with this purchase . Additionally , I am concerned about Amazon 's review process considering that the earlier -LSB- and negative reviews -RSB- have been removed from this page .
 I bought the KitchenAid 7 '' Santuko knife a couple of years ago to try out a santuko blade without having to spend $ 75.00 for a Wusthof Classic that would match my other Wusthofs.I love the santuko shape over a standard chef 's knife , but soon grew to hate the KitchenAid 's rounded handle.The round shape is hard to keep aligned in my hand without really squeezing tight . Worse , the round , curve of the handle allows the knife to pivot around on the cutting board unless you carfully set it down . Too many times , I 've set the KitchenAid santuko down with the knife tip over the edge of the board only to have the weight of the blade spin and pivot the knife around and then fall on the floor . I 've not had this happen with my Wusthofs . Call me clumsy , but the KitchenAid santuko seems almost dangerous compared to other knives I 've used.After I discovered my dislike for the KitchenAid handle , I bought a Farberware 7 '' Santuko knife at a local store for about $ 10.00 with a conventional , rectangular shape handle . I 've used it almost exclusively for over a year and vastly prefer it to the KitchenAid . Much easier to grip , and just as good a blade as the KitchenAid . Never falls on the floor like the KitchenAid used to . -LRB- I threw the KitchenAid away after it almost puntured a toe after one handle-spin trick . -RRB- My advice is to make sure you like the handle before buying . I highly recommend the santuko shape , but not KitchenAid 's handle design .
 Usually impressed with KitchenAid products - - - I accidently put it in the dishwasher - - ONCE - - all pitted and rusted . It was great until that happened . I own a collection of CUTCO - - - I 've accidently put them in the dishwasher as well , even though they do n't recommend it - -- NO PROBLEMS !!!! So , I would not recommend !!
 For Christmas I asked for a Santoku knife and I got two . The first I received and used was this KitchenAid Santoku . While I used it , I questioned whether I was using it right as it seemd so unstable , I felt it was almost dangerous . Surely I was using it wrong , so I researched what I should be using it for . I confirmed that , yes , I should be able to easily chop an onion with it . Huh ... this did n't match what I was experiencing . Sooo ... I tried my next Santoku , a Furi Coppertail 7 '' ... and it was worlds apart in performance . Slid through the veggies like buttah . NO COMPARISON ! Granted the FURI is quite a bit more in cost , but trust me , if I had to buy one or the other ... the Furi was worth every cent . I never plan on using the KitchenAID again . What a disappointment .
 I 've had the large Santoku knife for at least 3 years . It is a wonderful cutting tool , however , this last time after I washed it , the handle became loose , and then , while using it , the blade snapped in half , under the handle ! I wo n't be replacing it w/kitchenAid .
 Purchased from Amazon.com . Delivery was marginal as it took more than 2 weeks to arrive in spite of being advertised as a 2 day shipping . Then , after only 3 months and 7 days use the chair 's left arm disconnected from the back . It takes a handyman to keep this chair usable . Buyer beaware .
 Well , I surely gave it a fair try
 I gave this unit 1 star because in the course of a few of months I 've had two now that have broken . Here 's how it works when it breaks
 Does a very nice job of making popcorn as long as you follow the directions and have quick reflexes . When the popping stops , do n't hesitate.But ... after half a dozen batches , the machine quit working . Apparently the heating element wore out . The person at the 1-800 number confirmed that seemed to happen a lot . In other words , Cuisinart appears to know that the thing is a piece of junk . They say they 're going to send us another one -- as soon as we decide whether to pay the postage for it .
 This newer model is vastly improved over the previous one which we had to replace three times on the warranty . HOWEVER , there is a part on it inside that breaks VERY easily if you do n't install the plate on the base VERY carefully . The first one broke and was replaced . I only used the second one 3 or 4 times before it broke in exactly the same way.Their warranty service is very disatisfactory . We have had to pay for each replacement at $ 10 a pop plus the return shipping of the defective units.All in all , we have paid an amount equivalent to at least two units and can not get a replacement without paying more . : - -LRB- I LOVE the popcorn this popper makes . It is a GREAT idea ! Just wish the quality were better and that the company did not make you pay to get replacements .
 Well , this is the 3rd Cuisinart popcorn popper that I 've tried , and while I have been satisfied with the popcorn , these machines have a very short lifespan in my house -LRB- this latest one lasted under 3 months ! -RRB- ! I just returned my third popper to Kohl 's , and it was the more expensive version with the air vents . One of the `` pinch handles '' seemed to disintegrate from the heat , and then so did the plastic knob that connects the stirrer !! I flipped a batch of popcorn into a bowl , and the stirrer when with the corn !! Oh , well , guess I will be going with another brand ...
 I first purchased the Cuisinart Popcorn Maker about a year ago , and we really liked it for popping one or two bowls , but when we started having `` movie night '' with our four grandchildren , it would overheat before we could make enough to go around . Then about a month ago , we were trying to make popcorn when the heating unit burned out . I thought this was a fluke , so I ordered a second one . This time we could n't even get the machine to heat up enough to pop one bowl . This popper cost way too much to be so difficult and unreliable . I do not recommend it .
 I read the bad reviews , but we wanted the best popcorn popper available . We love our food processor , our toaster , and our coffee maker - so we went with the lure of the Cuisinart brand name , which usually means top quality . But not in this case . Too bad . The EasyPop worked great for 3 days , then the plate would n't heat anymore and there are broken pieces bouncing around inside the base - just like the other reviews warned me about . -LRB- Doh ! -RRB- Now we 'll call the 800 number and hope for the best . A waste of time and money .
 I bought this for the family , and I was very excited about using it as it 's a novel way to make popcorn , and we love the stuff . The second time I used it , however , I burned the hell out of my wrist . This product has a terrible design flaw
 I got this popcorn popper as a gift for my wife , who regularly fixes popcorn as a snack . This product looks great in the store -- solidly built , with a steel base , a heating surface that separates from the base and that is dishwasher safe , a cover that becomes a popcorn bowl , and an auto shutoff feature to prevent burning . And its made by Cuisinart ! What 's more , it makes great popcorn ... for as long as it lasts -- which in our case was two days.The heating surface and the base are poorly designed , so that it is not easy to get them to mate together . The prongs on the heating surface have to be placed in slots in the base that you can not see when trying to fit the two pieces together . In addition , the red cap you place over the steam vents on the cover/bowl before turning it over does n't fit well and has to be forced into place -- so you place the heating surface on the base imperfectly , mash down the red lid onto the cover to get it to fit , and voila ! You 've broken the prongs on the heating surface and snapped off a piece inside one of the slots in the base.It 's a shame , because I have the feeling looking at this thing that with a little more thought and a little different design it could have been a terrific product . As it is , it 's an enormous waste of money . Do yourself a favor and buy either a Stir Crazy or a Whirley-Pop -- we 've now got both , and either one works better than this design disaster .
 We literally used this popcorn popper once and the heating plate clips broke rendering it useless . Do n't waste your money . This particular item does not live up to the Cusinart name in terms of value or quality .
 I should have heeded what others wrote . The thin plastic ears which have a spring latch connecting the heated plate with rotating arm to stir kernels to the base unit with motor is so cheap and poorly made that they broke off on the first use . Otherwise it is a fine machine , but no one can expect a very long life out of this design . The plastic is very thin and brittle at the only place which one must operate twice at every use . You have to squeeze these spring loaded connectors to put the hot plate on and again to turn the thing upside down after finished popping . If you buy this expect it to break . Amazon will only give you ONE Option which is to place in original packaging and send it back for a Refund . They will not send a replacement so SAVE YOUR BOX . This will be a real pain if you have limited space where you live . It sucks to have to keep this big box sitting around because you are expecting the cheap Chinese thing to break . Find an American made popcorn popper is my recommendation . Hope this helps . I guess the good reviews I read before buying were from people who posted after using it one time . How about some reviews from people who have used theirs for a year or so .
 I purchased the popcorn popper as a `` gift to myself '' this Christmas . I liked the fact that due to its size , it does n't take up much counter space . I made the first batch of popcorn and thought it tasted great . I proceeded to make a couple more batches during the week , however , on my fourth batch , as I pushed the `` on/off '' switch to the off position , the entire switch broke off and dropped into the motor . What a piece of junk !! Yet this machine was not priced like a piece of junk . Needless to say , I returned the item and will not be buying another Cuisinart popcorn popper .
 I got this popper for Christmas because my old hot air popper blew kernels everywhere . Now this $ 50 popcorn popper has busted . Something broke internally and the electrical contacts do n't ... well contact . Plus I always hated cleaning it because it gets this burnt oil film on it that wo n't come off . On top of that , you have to run multiple batches because it wo n't make very much without getting all bogged down . I guess money ca n't buy a good popcorn popper . Back to microwave .
 I 've never reviewed a product before . But this is too bad for me not write a review . . My Dad on the east coast bought me this from Amazon for Christmas . Its January 7th . I 've had this thing for less than 3 weeks . It made a few great batches of popcorn , but this past Monday night -LRB- Jan 4th -RRB- one of the plastic clips that holds the popping plate to the base cracked and broke.This is the same piece that has broken for many others here -LRB- and probably elsewhere -RRB- that have written horrible reviews . See , without the clips , the plate does n't heat . No popcorn.I called Cuisinart to get a warranty replacement . They say `` sure , we 'll send you a free replacement on our dime . But to keep your 3 year warranty in tact , you 'll need to ship your popping plate back to us at your expense '' . REALLY ? That 's GARBAGE.Then Cynthia says
 Purchased last christmas , used maybe 10 times before it broke . The tabs that heat the base were defective , cuisinart sent a replacement but it cost $ 20 , more than this was worth . Save your money and buy a West Bend for less than half the price .
 There is 3 basic pieces to this unit . There is a base unit that has the power cord . There is a middle piece that has the heating element and stir mechanism and the cover . I really liked the design , however on the second use I plugged the middle piece into the base and broke the protective cover that keeps someone from sticking there fingers onto the power connectors . Seems like a bad design . The ability to separate pieces and wash them was appealing . Would not recommend this unit .
 I received this popper as a Christmas gift . I was very excited until I tried to use it only to find that it popped about 10 kernels of corn and that was it!So I thought it must be the popcorn . I tried another new brand of popcorn and only got another disappointing performance ; no kernels popped at all . I read and reread the directions as did my mother and my husband . It just did n't work . I 'm really disappointed and wondering after reading all the mixed reviews if I should even try another Cuisinart . I love all my other Cuisinart products , what happened to this one ?? I called the customer service number but only got a recording to try another number which gave me a recording concerning a phone call service ????!!! I 'll try to return the machine to Dillard 's today .
 I was really excited to have gotten this as a gift . . The first 3 times I used it , everything turned out great and I loved the popcorn . I used ` popcorn oil ' from the market . The 4th time I went to make popcorn -LRB- all within the same week -RRB- I went to lift the base of and the lever to one of the handles snapped . Well , it still worked , but I returned it to the store knowing that the other lever would most likely break as well and I wanted to get it back within the return policy time limits . . Disappointed ...
 This is a popcorn popper that does n't pop more than a dozen or so batches before the heating element dies . Yes , a very simple piece of equipment is the major engineering flaw in this very expensive piece of junk . But that 's not all -- as other reviewers have noted , the heating tray has to be positioned just right in order to even get it `` locked '' onto the heating element in order for the darn thing to work at all . Then , of course , just when you finally think you 've figured out how to make the fickle popper pop , the heating element breaks and you throw up your hands in disgust.What 's the point of replacing the $ 65 piece of junk by paying another $ 10 + in shipping costs just to have the same thing happen again .
 My wife and I were satisfied with the popcorn taste and overall were quite pleased ... until one of the internal plastic parts broke and the oil pan would no longer sit on the base properly and heat up . This happened after only 7 months and no more than 25 uses . Not worth the relatively steep price . And of course the store where we bought it -LRB- Linens and Things -RRB- is now out of business ...
 This popcorn maker was great - the first 8 times we used it . The popcorn was delicious ... unfortunately , the heating element broke off in the base and is no longer working . What a bummer . Do not buy this popper !
 Bought this for my husband 's birthday at the end of July . By mid September , it was broken and unusable . After reading some reviews , we found we had the same problem as many other buyers . A small plastic part broke inside , now the plate would not sit right or heat . We looked up the `` warranty '' on the product . After reading , we found out that we were required to ship the popper back to them and send along another $ 10 for the return shipping . We could have bought another popper for all the money spent in shipping . We called the `` customer service '' department to discuss it with them and they were unwilling to work with us unless we sent the popper and money along . Way to stand behind your products Cuisinart ! For sure we will NEVER buy another product from them and will use every opportunity to tell everyone else not to as well . Save your self the time and money and buy something else .
 I purchased this popper based upon my satisfaction with other Cuisinart products . Unfortunately , I was incredibly disappointed with this popper , as the popcorn it pops comes out very soggy and chewy . At first , I figured that I had some bad popcorn so I went out and purchased some new kernels . Then I thought that I just needed a better brand of popcorn so I purchased some different kernels but I still had the same outcome ; soggy and chewy.It seemed to me that it was n't letting enough of the steam out of the container so I sent Cuisinart multiple emails and never received any response . Frustrated , I returned the popper and purchased an inexpensive Back to Basics stove top popper that does a great job - no soggy and chewy popcorn.I was very disappointed with the lack of response from Cuisinart and I truly do n't understand how they managed to put out a product that seems to be so obviously flawed .
 Broken plastic handle . Will not correctly attach to its base now because of it . Upon seeing all of the other bad reviews ... we will likely just junk it and move on with our lives . Good luck if you make this purchase .
 We were happy with the way the Easy Pop Popcorn maker made popcorn ! Delicious ! However , after just a few times of using the product the warming plate handles broke . Not just one , but both handles . We have only had it for 3 months . Used less than a dozen times . Would not recommend this product .
 Used it about 3 times . Worked great until I tried to make a 4th . Heating element stopped working ... waste of money !
 I purchased the Cuisinart Easy Pop popcorn popper for my husband for Christmas . With the name cuisinart you expect it to be top of the line in quality . He loved it 's ease of use and the popcorn 's flavor . Two weeks after using it for the first time the lock on the right handle broke . There are two locks , one on the right and one on the left.The locks keep the clear bowl in place while popping . Now when in use the right hand side of the clear bowl raises and lowers as the popcorn is popping . All in all he does like the design and I like the look of the stainless and black in my stainless kitchen .
 This popper worked much better than the stir crazy . Unlike the stir crazy it would consistently pop hull-less kernels . However it cracked at the base plate after about a year . Quite annoying . I like the stirring popper concept ...
 Got this as a wedding gift and used it about 3 times before the heating element broke . Cost to cross ship is more than just getting a new unit . Keep shopping , this is NOT the popcorn maker you 're looking for .
 ** UPDATE ** The popper broke the day after I wrote this review . Avoid this product ! ** UPDATE ** I purchased this popper to replace an 8qt Stir Crazy.What I like : * Easy to use * Very easy cleanup * Very good popcorn * Good seal between lid/bowl and coverIt is very easy to use and clean this popper . To use , just add oil and corn . To clean , just put it in the dishwasher . The popcorn turns out very good . People have complained about a lack of venting to let steam escape . Not sure if they have the same popper . The entire top of the lid/bowl is vented . Perhaps they left the cover on , duh . The cover seals well to the lid/bowl making it practical to use as a bowl.What I do n't like : * Small * Stirring mechanism underpoweredIt takes about three batches to make enough popcorn for my family of four . -LRB- yes , we eat a lot of popcorn ! -RRB- Fortunately it does not take long to make the first batch and subsequent batches are shorter . The stirring mechanism works well until about half the corn is popped . After that , the weight of the corn stops the stirrer . I have to shake the popper to keep it going.Conclusion : After about 20 batches , I am satisfied with and would recommend the popper . We will see if it lasts ...
 I am really surprised that this popper has any positive reviews . I have used several different poppers , both the air kind and the type that uses oil . I know how to follow directions , and how to improvise if the directions need improving upon . I have never had very bad results until this popper . I preheated the oil , opened a bag of fresh popcorn , and expected to at least have a bowl of decent , if not great , popcorn . Not so . I will say , in its favor , that nearly all the popcorn popped , with only a few kernels left over . But the popcorn was awful.I think the problem is that there are not enough vent holes in the top . I noticed during popping that there did n't seem to be much steam escaping through the holes . The excess steam could not escape , and hence , the popcorn was very dense and tough . I have tried several times , even buying a different brand of popcorn . Nothing helps , the popcorn is still bad . I had expected more from Cuisinart , as I have several of their other products , but this one is disappointing .
 We received this as a gift upon our request . We loved the taste of the popcorn made with canola oil . After about 10 uses and 3 months time the bottom unit broke where the heating plate conntcts to the bottom . A plastic piece broke off and the heating plate would not fully click into place . This in turn causes the plate to not heat up . My father in law gave me all the info on the order and I contacted the company on Amazon that he purchased the unit . They had a 1 month warranty and we needed to call Cuisinart . I contacted them . They would send me a new bottom . There was a $ 20 fee and then , I 'd need to sent the old base back at my own expense . I decided to go through with it since I had gotten it as a gift . Cuisinart ended up sending a whole new machine . I have used this unit 5 times and the same plastic piece broke on the same side and no longer useful , yet again . This is too much of a coincidence . I will not be replacing it . For the price of this unit , you would think it would be sturdier . For the $ 20 plus shipping to get parts , I 'll take my chances on an $ 20 - $ 30 air popper instead !
 First of all , be aware that oil is required so you do n't burn the popcorn . Second of all , half the time it never gets around to popping the popcorn . It seems to have a faulty heating mechanism . I 'm buying a different brand today , I 'm very disappointed in this item .
 We bought this machine for the family for Christmas hoping it would be a healthier replacement than the microwave popcorn we were accustomed to . Knowing that Cuisinart is a great name , i assumed it would be a nice machine . How disappointing it was . We followed the directions to a `` T '' and the popcorn was rubbery , tasting of chemicals and it did n't make much at a time . I also was not happy having to add oil as this was n't the healthier alternative we were seeking . Do n't buy it !!
 This does a fine job of popping popcorn , but the design makes the oil leak all over the counter .
 WHEN WE FIRST GOT THIS POPCORN POPPER WE STRUGGLED TO FIGURE OUT HOW THE HECK TO PUT IT TOGETHER AND WHEN WE FINALLY GOT IT IT MADE PRETTY DECENT POPCORN . BUT IT IS VERY HARD TO TURN IT UPSIDE DOWN TO GET THE POPCORN INTO THE LID AND IT SPILLS EVERYWHERE . AND WHEN YOU ARE READY TO MAKE IT AGAIN YOU HAVE TO STRUGGLE TO GET THE GROOVES IN THE SIDE OF THE BASE LINED UP WITH THE TOP AND WE COULD NOT GET IT ON AFTER THE FIRST COUPLE OF TIMES . MY HUSBAND GOT SO FRUSTRATED HE THREW IT OUT ! NOW WE JUST USE A POT AND LID !
 This is a horrible product . We used it once . Two days later , the pieces would not fit together properly .
 I 've decided recently to not eat microwave popcorn -LRB- too salty and buttery to me -RRB- and went back to popping it on the stove top . Not wanting to needlessly put wear and tear on my ceramic stove , I purchased this popper.First time I used it the popcorn was tough to chew . The whole thing was a pain in the butt to clean also , I mean why make the bowl so intricate ? It 's like cleaning a bundt pan each time you want popcorn!I use powdered seasoning and it all goes on the sides of the bowl instead of the popcorn . I even tried transferring it to another bowl and putting the seasoning on that way - still went everywhere but the popcorn.I just popped some on the stove , and it 's delish ! This popper is going back . For $ -LSB- ... -RSB- , I expected way more than what Cuisinart delivered .
 I got this for a christmas present from my girlfriend and so far I 've LOVED it . I bought some gourmet popcorn from Fireworks Popcorn company and have tried varieties of seasonings.But tonight , 1/9/08 I popped a batch and the center rotating piece that stirs the corn just melted apart from the heating plate.I 'm pretty upset about it and will attempt a replacement from Cuisinart.Here are some tips though for those that do buy it :1 . Do n't use low end corn . What I mean is , do n't buy Jiffy Pop or Orville Redenbakker -LRB- sp -RRB- corn . Get something with quality . I bought kernals from a company called Fireworks Popcorn .2 . Do not leave the red lid cover on the bowl when popping , this traps steam in and produces rubbery popcorn .3 . Use more oil with the gourmet corn . Double it . I used EVOO .4 . Do n't use the plastic bowl as a bowl . It 's lame . Just use it to cover during cooking and then dump your corn in a bowl . It 's better .5 . Do n't break it . Mine just broke .
 The design is wrong.Steams the popcorn.Not very well made.Just threw it away after the unit finally packed up altogether .
 While I liked the final product , I could never clean the plastic bowl . It had a permanent stickyness to it , like the oil adhered to it . It just got too sticky and messy so I tossed it . Also , the bowl got moist during popping which made some of the popcorn a little soggy on one side .
 We have an older model of this popper that does NOT have a removable lid on top and it makes terrible popcorn . I think this is the model that people are complaining about . It is very chewy . Perhaps this new improved model works better but I am afraid to try .
 I think highly of the Cusinart brand , so it never occurred to me that a popcorn maker could be bad . I try to always research the things I buy , and in this case I 'm sorry I did n't . I bought this popcorn maker looking for a healthier alternative to microwave popcorn . I do n't like air popped , so this machine seemed like a logical choice . It uses very little oil . I had high hopes for this machine and I even went out and splurged on some specially grown popcorn to pop . Unfortunately the popcorn came out very chewy . I noticed while it was cooking a lot of steam got trapped inside the lid . I went online and immediately found that a popcorn maker needs vent holes to let some steam escape otherwise the popcorn will be tough and/or chewy . When I read that others were having the same problem I decided to go out and purchase another brand WITH STEAM HOLES . I 'm not even going to mess around with it or try different kinds of popcorn or oil . It 's clear my problem is n't unique . The design is not good . This item is pretty to look at , but it 's going back today . What a bummer . This is n't a cheap machine . I would expect more from Cuisinart . I do not recommend this popcorn maker at all .
 First time my wife accidentally knock it off the dinning room table to the wooden floor a height of 29 '' , not even three feet the plastic around the base shattered and one of the handels broke off making the unit useless ! I brought this for my family for Christmas and used it only about five times ! Do n't waste your money ! I have a cheap Black & Decker Hot air popper for years that I moved with abused and dropped many times and still runs great ! -LRB- only makes enough for one person at a time , though -RRB- I wish I could give it less than one star ! They need to go back to the drawing table and use impact resistant plastics and do more rigorous drop testing to make sure it holds together if it accedentally dropped from your average height kitchen table or counter onto a wooden or tile floor !
 I love the Cuisnart brand , but this unit does not work . It does not allow the steam to escape during popping leaving a very soggy tough popcorn . VERY DISAPPOINTED . JUST THREW IN TRASH . Trying to get away from microwave use , but hard to find a good popcorn maker .
 I have had two of these and that 's it . Both Broke . Terrible construction and product quality - not at all worthy of the Cuisinar brand name . Do n't waste your money .
 Depending upon how often you utilize the appliance , you will eventually find that the handles that connect the heating plate to the base break . Once they break , it renders the applicance completely unfunctional . For a Cusinart product , they need to fix this quality issue ASAP ; especially considering the amount of money paid for the item .
 Cuisinart seems to be making defective popcorn makers . My first one died , I had it replaced and then the second one died . Cuisinart products do n't seem to have the level of quality they used to . Do n't waste your money .
 I was so excited when I got this . I love old school popcorn . It worked once and that was it
 I purchased this unit because I own other Cuisinart products . The quality is so disappointing , do n't waste your money , ... pleaseee ! After three uses the handle broke from the base of the heating element . I took it back to the place where I purchased it and got a new one and what happened , ... you guess right , it broke again . I started to wonder if it was something I was doing wrong , since it was my second popper in such a short time from the first one -LRB- malfunctioning -RRB- . After reading others reviews and finding out that others were having the same problems , . . I rest my case . Poor quality , but it makes great theater movie popcorn -LRB- When it 's working properly -RRB- . I 'm still a fan of Cuisinart products , ... but not this particularly popper . Sorry , Cuisinart , ... my score is a 1 .
 Uhgg ! First use I only got one batch of popcorn popped and the popcorn popper over heated . What a disappointment on family movie night .
 The concept is great ... pour in the popcorn and let it pop while doing something else , turn it over when it is done and your popcorn is in the bowl ! But this was the slowest-working machine ever ! I thought it was just a faulty unit , so I returned it and got another . Same thing ... around and around and around and finally it began to pop . The second batch seemed to take even longer than the third , and many kernels remained unpopped . Then in 6 months it stopped working completely . No heat at all . This was a very pricey piece of junk two times over .
 This was a wonderful machine until the cheap plastic connectors for the heating element broke . It lasted for about 4 months 2-3 times a week usage . I 've gone back to the stove top hand crank that has lasted for 12 years now .
 Used this for four months all was pretty good . My son dropped the cover and it cracked and broke in half . So cheaply made ! The bottom heating element part was almost burnt to death . Popcorn was n't that great . It did work pretty good at first . Waste of money .
 The first untit had defective contacts where the heating plate fit into the base.The second unit 's heating element stopped working after about 10 uses.It worked well when it worked but it does n't last long ... not worth the aggrivation . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I was thrilled when I found this item , however , ended up being very disappointed . When I would flip the unit over after popping , the bottom would come apart from the heating element . I 've even had some of the hot oil land on the element and catch fire . The popcorn was tuff and dry tasting . Stir Crazy is a much better choice !! Save your money . I too thought this name brand would be top notch . WRONG !
 I purchased this item for a father 's day gift , it has only been used a few times and the handles have broken already , so it does n't pop as it should.Would not recommend buying this product .
 We bought this popper about 6 months ago and like other people have stated it has many flaws :1 . The handles that you pinch to remove the top part have snapped off .2 . The plastic lid does not snap to the bowl part , so when you turn it over after popping it just falls off -LRB- ie - you ca n't effectivly use the bowl as a bowl ... -RRB- 3 . The plastic rim around the base has actually cracked down the center of one of the handles to the metal part .4 . It does n't smell that great and leaves a plastic-y/hot oil scent in your house -LRB- even after 6 months -RRB- .5 . If you ever touch the bottom of the base when it is cooled , you will get black smudges all over your hands .6 . It 's actually a pain to have to stick it in the dishwasher/handwash after each use as it is bulky stuff and then you ca n't use it again until the unit is completely dry .7 . We bought some gourmet popcorn and followed the instructions for using it ... and not one kernal popped.Therefore , we 're just going to throw this away and buy a regular old air popper . Cheaper , safer and easier to use .
 This is the absolute WORST purchase I have ever made through Amazon . After using the popper for a little over 2 weeks , the handles that secure the heating plate broke off , leaving it completely unoperational . The workmanship & materials in this product are shoddy and inferior and vendors should pull the product before more customers are ripped off .
 I purchased the EasyPop Popcorn Maker CPM-900 Series yesterday . After reading the manual thoroughly , and using fresh popcorn kernels , I turned the unit on with anticipation . Three popcorn kernels popped . I tried it again - zero popcorn kernels popped . I spoke to someone at Cuisinart -LRB- customer service . -RRB- I was told that I had to return the unit to the retailer -LRB- 8 hours away by car -RRB- or , I could give them my Visa number over the phone , and they would charge me $ 10 , and then I would have to pay for shipping and handling for a new unit , and then pay shipping and handling to return my broken unit to Cuisinart . Customer service ... no ... customer neglect or abuse ... yes .
 This popcorn maker does some things well , but the flip design requires that you flip it over to get the popcorn out . The first time I did this , my hand slipped and it burned my thumb pretty badly -LRB- blister -RRB- in about 2 seconds . I 'd consider this design flaw extreme , and would n't recommend people , especially kids , use this maker .
 I loved the popcorn but returned two of these because I broke the same part on both within three uses . The broken piece was inside the main body -LRB- I could hear it rattling around -RRB- and after that it would n't heat . The first time I did it , I thought I had just been too rough inserting the cord . The second time - after one or two uses and being very careful - I did the same thing and decided it was junk.Pottery Barn let me return it both times with no hassle at all.Now I use a hard plastic microwave popcorn popper -LRB- about $ 10 at Target -RRB- that uses oil and kernels and I am thrilled with it . So easy to clean , cooks great once you figure out the right amount of time for your microwave , etc. .
 Sorry , Cuisineart . I like plenty of your other products but this one is a bust!First - the rotator bar kept getting jammed befor the corn was done popping burning the popcorn.Second - the lid that keeps the grease and salt from draining out of the `` bucket '' kept popping off . Finally I could not even get the lid on at all , and had to pour the popcorn into another bowl.Third - clamp/latch on one side that hold the hotplate onto the base broke.I 'm done ! this one is going back to -LSB- ... -RSB- !
 I purchased this popcorn popper because I was under the impression that Cuisinart was a dependable name for appliances . This popcorn stopped working after about 10 uses . The heating element failed . Everything else works - the spinner , etc. . This was my second popper after exchanging it for the exact same reason .
 My sweet husband got me this for my birthday as he knows how much I love popcorn -LRB- Orville -RRB- . The first batch hardly popped and burned . The second batch did better but had small kernals without the fluffy pop and it tasted like cardboard and was not `` crunchy '' as advertised . Had to put so much butter on it that it was probably much less healthy than Orville . Do not get this if you are a lover of fluffy tasty popcorn -LRB- it is a snack you know -RRB- .
 This machine is great looking and good concept but not worth the money . I was able to use the popper 2 times then it no longer heated . The top was pretty but not easy to clean . The heating element was easy to remove and clean but it seems there is a problem getting it seated correctly . I will go with a cheaper version .
 Have n't had any problems with this popper . I use it with small amts of canola oil , alternated with batches of no oil . Have n't needed to put it in the dishwasher , just hand rinse . I use amishcounty popcorn only , almost all kernals pop . It does end up slightly ` moist ' which is nice , since I 'm on a diet and do n't butter it . No odd smells , no problems with the stirring mech , and it gets used at least 3x a week.My only negatives are
 I bought this just a few months ago , and used it 5 times maybe and already its broken . There is a small black piece on the base and when you put the popping bowl into place it should move well one time it did n't and the black part broke and although the popcorn maker 's mixing arm still works it wo n't heat up . While they are sending me a replacment judging by the reviews it wo n't be any different . The popcorn is tough as well very crunchy .
 horrible . Would n't recommend getting one of these . Get a reg air popper that 's more reliable.Motor stopped working after almost popping one bucket . I would 've taken it back to where I bought it , but I had bought it months earlier.I love Cuisinart ... but I 'd stay away from this item !
 I only used this poper 3 times and the inside fell apart . it does not heat up nor does the stir spin.Of course I ordered it online and to return it would make it even more exspensive.I am giving it 1 star but I do n't really think I should .
 I received this popper as a gift for my birthday 2 months ago and at most have used it a dozen times . I went to use it today but could not get the heating element to connect to the base . I found that some plastic piece had broken off inside making it now impossible for the parts to go together . I came to Amazon to see about getting a new one and was shocked -LRB- but now hardly surprised -RRB- to find that many others have had issues with the popper also . I , too , associate the name Cuisinart with quality but this popper is lame ! I found the reviews extremely helpful because now I know that I did n't break the popper -- it was just waiting to break !! Also , it 's not worth the effort to replace it and I 'll just look for something else !! I would not recommend this product to anyone !!
 Beautiful looking , and if you only want one popper full you would like this appliance . Making a second popper full is nearly impossible . Getting the hot plate back on the base is difficult . The blades that conduct heat are fragile . I am on my second heating element . This it the most dissapointing appliance I have ever bought . I bought because of the name , thought it would be great ...
 I purchased this product specifically because it was sold by Cuisinart . The first six or seven times it was fine , after that a crack on the spinning plate part caused the rivets to seperate . This made the whole thing unsafe to use . Tried to order another plate and I am waiting now for about seven months with no plate available . I would hope to be able to buy parts for it soon , but I would not buy another one of these new because there is no customer support to speak of .
 The older model CPM-800 was the predecessor to this machine . The one GLARING fault in that machine was a lack of vents in the popping bowl . This resulted in steamed popcorn , making most of the product unusually tough , and some very soggy pieces mingled in.The CPM-900 addresses that issue with a heavily perforated bottom and a slip on cover.I would as those that experienced plastic taste and `` dense '' popcorn , did you leave the `` cover '' on ? I would n't assume they did , but that would guarantee the results listed.I ca n't imagine how the 800 unit ever made it into production with such an obvious fault , which leads me to believe Cuisinart quality is no longer a priority . Judging by the other reviews I 'd say that they may have missed on the CPM-900 series as well , despite singly addressing the biggest issue.The `` bucket included '' idea is a nice one , but in the end these models simply encourage steam buildup , which prevents good results . The original hot plate dome poppers by another brand did n't share the problems experienced here , their domes were wider and shorter , which I think managed the steam a lot better -LRB- they were vented too -RRB- .
 The older model CPM-800 was the predecessor to this machine . The one GLARING fault in that machine was a lack of vents in the popping bowl . This resulted in steamed popcorn , making most of the product unusually tough , and some very soggy pieces mingled in.The CPM-900 addresses that issue with a heavily perforated bottom and a slip on cover.I would ask those that experienced plastic taste and `` dense '' popcorn , did you leave the `` cover '' on ? I would n't assume they did , but that would guarantee the results listed.I ca n't imagine how the 800 unit ever made it into production with such an obvious fault , which leads me to believe Cuisinart quality is no longer a priority . Judging by the other reviews I 'd say that they may have missed on the CPM-900 series as well , despite singly addressing the biggest issue.The `` bucket included '' idea is a nice one , but in the end these models simply encourage steam buildup , which prevents good results .
 After less than a dozen uses , the machine failed completely . It never did pop all the corn , and what did pop was worse than microwave corn . Attempts to contact Cuisinart were in vain . No replies to email or telephone .
 Purchased one of these and it is a piece of junk . Definitely NOT worth $ 60 . We did n't even have the styrofoam off of it and it was already broken . This was a gift for my son and he dropped it onto a carpeted floor from about 3 feet whilst trying to get it out of the box . The thing -LRB- heat plate -RRB- was cracked into five pieces . We were able to repair it at that time but now the base is also broken . The base inside has several delicate , flimsy parts which break . This machine is NOT durable by any stretch of the imagination . You also can get almost no parts for it .
 Yes , it pops corn , nothing to right home though.it harder to clean , with it Fluted serving bowl , and base.i went back to using an ordinary pot , lid , bowl , and found i liked it better.the clean up was easier . For instance if i want a single serving of pop corni pick a small 1 quart pot . and a small serving bowl , and you are in business.when the popping was done , i just dump it into the bowl , add salt to popcornif i wanted to add butter , I just put the butter into the already warm empty pot to melt it and pour it over my popcorn.the small pot and bowl turns out to be a lot easier to clean , and makes popcornjust as good , if not better and you do n't have to worry it someday breaking.a pot and lid will last a lifetime . No electronics or moving parts.simple is better .
 I am so relieved that I 'm not the only one who 's had problems with my popcorn maker . I got this model about 2 years ago . I loved this popcorn maker a lot when I first got it . It popped the popcorn good , did n't leave too many kernels unpopped and was dishwasher safe . Slowly I started noticing some kernels were n't getting popped . It also did n't pop good when I did two batches in a row when I had company over . I had to let it cool down between use . Then about 9 months after purchase , when I turned it on it would n't work and I 'd have to jiggle the base around and try again , and repeat that process until it actually worked . Then one day it just stopped working all together . I called the company and they eventually sent one , but it still cost me about $ 20 with replacement fees and S & H . The new popcorn maker did the exact same thing to me ! I was so frustrated ! I did n't even bother with customer service this time . I 'm just going to buy a different maker . I really loved the design and that it 's all dishwasher safe . It 's really convenient that you have the base to eat popcorn in . One of my favorite aspects is that I could use olive oil since it 's healthier and it would get pretty evenly distributed over the popcorn -LRB- slightly more on the bottom kernels , but still pretty even -RRB- . I 'm really bummed out that this is n't a more quality product . If Cuisinart fixed the flaws it could easily get 5 stars from me .
 I initial thought that the first one I got was a dud . I got a second one and that too was a dud . I am now on my third and yet again it too has failed . On each one the clips on the handles on the base break off after a month or two of use and then the heating element starts to fail as well . This is a very poor design and should be avoided
 I received this as a gift . I was excited since it was a good brand and I like my other Cuisinart kitchen items . This broke in less than two months . At first it would n't heat and I called customer service . They promptly mailed out a replacement part no questions asked . They were a little too patronizingly bubbly for my taste but I ignored it since it was easy . Unfortunately the replacement part did not resolve the problem . With the second call they said they would replace the unit but I have to foot the bill for return shipping . When I objected to return shipping the customer service person told me that he was already discounting the `` fee '' and how great it was that they provided a replacement part without a fee . My reply
 Got the popper as a gift . We have tried everything to get it to make descent popcorn . Always smells like it 's burnt , and has a plastic stink . Tried evry kind of popcorn , same result . Went back to our air popper . Store this one in the basement and maybe regift to someone I do n't like.Cuisinart CPM-900 EasyPop Popcorn Maker , Red
 Got this machine this past year and with alot of discounts paid around $ 42 . Never put in dish washer . The top lid did not hold up after a few weeks , which makes it tricky to turn over when finished . One fall resulted in a side tab breaking that holds the unit on the base . This could be `` operators '' error but the plastic tab is not very strong for the long haul . And its hard to get a large batch as they recommend a 3rd cup . Overall , its nice looking and I thought it would do a good job ... I gave up on air poppers and will try the Stir Crazy . -LRB- Orville Redenbacker has a similar unit and it was $ 19.00 during Black Friday -RRB- Lots of money for a below average popper .
 Both plastic tabs on the heating surface broke within the first few uses . We did n't hassle with the time and expense for a return because it 's clearly a really poor overall design . You 'll pay a premium price to get the Cuisinart name . But , you wo n't get the Cuisinart quality that used to be expected . I 've now been burned on two different Cuisinart products in a row . Their quality is n't what it used to be .
 My biggest beef with the Cuisinart EasyPop is the cleanup.Unless you have a really good dishwasher and you use it daily , you 'll have to wash the bowl out by hand if you want to use it frequently.If you have hard water as I do , you 'll have to dry the bowl out by hand , unless you do n't mind spots on your clear plastic bowl . And a machine as pretty as this is n't one that I 'd want to hide in a cupboard if I did n't have to.The drying process is n't quick and simple as it would be with a rounded surface . The ups and downs in this bowl require a bit of extra effort to get it clear and dry.If you have the time and do n't mind doing a bit of extra cleanup , this may be a fine popcorn maker for you . But for me , with a large family , we do n't have time for it.We 're taking this thing back to the store and will continue to use our good ol' hot air popper we picked up at a thrift store years ago for a couple bucks .
 I believe the heating piece broke while I was assembling this product , so the first time I plugged it itn did not heat , and when I took a look at all the pieces , realized there was a piece of the heating plug that was broken . so , definitely not happy with this product ! never got to try the supposedly great pop-corn it makes . . did n't even try returning it , having to pay $ 20 for a repair on a 50 $ product is totally not worth it .
 Took out of box , plugged in , and within seconds machine started on fire . Complete junk not to mention a total hazard .
 I 've been through three of these and they all have broken . Two of them had the retaining clips break off -LRB- during normal and proper use Mr. ` everyone but me is using it wrong ' , trust me , by now , his broke too -RRB- . Two also lost heat to the element . Two of the plastic housings around the heating element cracked and broke just from being heated then cooling and heating again . I mean who surrounds a heating element with plastic that ca n't hold up to heat differential ?!?!? Expected MUCH more from Cuisinart.It had such potential.Concept
 I bought this a couple of years ago and it has been a total waste of money . It never worked as advertised , it is difficult to clean and I ca n't stand the smells that are produced when any oil or butter is used.At least a third of the kernels remain unpopped but are burned as is some of the popped corn.I tossed it in the trash rather than pass it on to another unsuspecting person.This appliance is a whole tree full of lemons and does n't live up to the Cuisinart name . I have many other Cuisinart branded appliances and all work as advertised and I like them.This one is a bummer .
 Oil never got hot enough for the popcorn to pop . We live in Colorado , so maybe this is an altitude thing , but Cuisinart did not say that was the issue . My husband and I worked with this machine for over an hour trying to pop two different kinds of popcorn , with two different kinds of oil . A few kernels would pop , but the rest would just go round and round until they turned dark brown . We ended up popping our popcorn in a large stock pot and had much more success ! Cuisinart did offer to replace this unit for us , but that would require us to ship it back to them ... Amazon allowed us to easily ship it back for free . Thank you Amazon !
 Makes great popcorn until it breaks and it will break . I 've gone through 2 of these in a very short time . The 1st one broke where the electrical connections make contact . I thought maybe I got a lemon so I 'll give the machine a second chance . The second one broke even quicker than the first . This one broke at the release buttons used to connect and disconnect the stirrer/heating portion of the machine from the base.I will not work because this also holds the electrical connections together . These poppers are junk . Enough is enough . I gave up and bought a simpler machine that does work great.The West Bend Stir Crazy -LRB- Costs around $ 30.00 -RRB- . Try it I think you will agree . Hope this helps
 We , as similar to others , were focused on the Cuisinart brand . Went through 4 of these within a 1 month period all had similar defects . When attatching the base to the popping container the locking tabs break . The tabs are very poorly constructed and it is not capable of frequent usage . Do not buy this product.Buyer beware .
 The connection to the heating element fell apart after being used less that six times . I hope Chinese weapons are fabricated to the same levels of quality .
 For the first time , I am submitting a negative review . The Cuisinart `` EasyPop '' popcorn maker I purchased through Amazon is so completely defective that I have never , ever , been able to get even one grain of popcorn to `` pop . '' Now admittedly , the instructions are quite clear
 As many others had , I purchased this particular popcorn maker because I trusted Cuisinart to make a quality product . As have many others , I 've discovered that Cuisinart is not to be trusted on name anymore because this product is DEFINITELY not up to their ` standards ' . It makes great popcorn , I will give it a star for that . BUT , even with very cautious handling , a piece broke off inside mine also , WHILE it was popping corn ! Luckily for me , I purchased mine at Williams Sonoma & they have the ABSOLUTE BEST customer service I 've ever experienced ! The sales associate confirmed to me that they 've had many complaints regarding the very same issue with this machine . I received my replacement -LRB- free of charge -RRB- today but I will return this one as well if also breaks . The last one lasted about one month . If this one goes , I will request a return of my $ rather than a replacement & go in search of a better made popper . Shame on you , Cuisinart , for outsourcing & consequently delivering grossly inferior products to loyal customers !
 What a pc of junk . We are now on our 3rd one of these . The latches that hold the heating element to the base have broken on the first two after only a few uses . Now the one we have is broken were the probes go thru to the cord . The ribbed design is difficult to clean but it is nice to clean the heating unit . We expected far more from this fine company . Only thing keeping us going is the liberal return policy . Make sure you keep your box to send it back . I think between the three we 've poped 10 batches at the most .
 Purchased this and on the 3rd usage the handles that secure the heating plate to the base broke off . Spending $ 60 for a popcorn popper , spending money on the Cuisinart name ... you 'd expect more than three uses . DO NOT BUY THIS !
 I own many Cuisinart products and was excited to find this item . I readily purchased it from bed bath & beyond . The excitement ended there . The first time I used it it leaked oil everywhere . The lid while looks pretty is a terrible design . It hangs over the edge of the pan so as oil splatters up on the sides of the lid it drips down the sides of the base . NOT GOOD ! The lid fogs up really quick and you do n't see much so the fact that it 's clear does n't help any . They need to redesign the venting at the top to allow more air to flow faster so that the lid does n't fog up . The heating pan is also a bad design . The stirring arm motor is too weak and towards the end of the popping cycle it will not stir the corn so you 'll get some burnt at the end . Also the pan has ridges all around the edge which match the lid design so uncooked kernels find refuge here and do n't pop . Again bad design . I 've used it about a dozen times and I have n't had anything break such as the handle locks as others have reported , but it 's a mess to clean up due to bad lid/base design.So since I was disappointed I began my hunt again for another popper . I found the Westbend Kettle Krazy and bought it from Amazon thinking hopefully the design is better . It arrived and I quickly washed it and set it up . I immediately noticed that the lid atleast fits inside the pan , thank goodness ... I knew the dripping oil would n't be an issue anymore . I popped my first batch and it was amazing ! I could n't believe how different the two units functioned . The pan shape is so much better and the stirring arm is very strong and I think it would stir through anything ! I then made kettle corn , yes that 's right , kettle corn just like you 'd get at the local fair . 3tbs corn oil , 3/4 C mushroom kernels , 1/3 sugar . Add oil , let heat for 2 min , add kernels . When first kernel pops add sugar , sprinkling evenly over kernels and quickly replace lid . Once popped , salt to taste and shake to mix . There you have it , perfect kettle corn . I tried this in the Cuisinart and it just burnt , mainly because the stirring arm motor is n't very strong and made a mess . It also was hard to clean the lid & the cooking pan . BUT the Westbend performed like a champ !!! There was almost no clean up at all . The teflon coating on the pan is amazing and nothing sticks to it . The coating on the EasyPop sucks and sticking is inevitable.Go with the Westbend Kettle Krazy , You 'll be glad that you did !!!
 We 've owned two and this one lasted less than 2 months before problems have crept up . At first I was impressed with the new design but now it takes a certain amount of black magic and jiggling to get the thing to heat up . How hard is it to design a heating element that will consistently heat up ?
 This machine makes fabulous popcorn with only 1 tsp of evoo and the full included measure cup of corn . It is light and crispy . Cleans up in the dishwasher great . THAT SAID : I bought it 9 December 2008 . I have used it four times , and its broken for the fifth . Something broke off inside the base unit . I never dropped it , or abused it , or put the heater element on wrong . It just stopped working . I bought it because it was a cuisinart and now I am thoroughly disappointed.We 'll see what customer service does . I am calling them tomorrow.UPDATE
 We had purchased an earlier Cuisinart model that was still working fine except for a broken plastic container . I tried to find a replacement but could n't find one that appeared to fit the older model . So , I ignored the negative reviews of the newer Cuisinart model and bought one . Good news , the plastic container fits the older model . Bad news , the new model base is a piece of junk . I already replaced the base thru Cuisinart after about a month of moderate usage . I am back to using the older model base with the new plastic container . Great concept but Cuisinart changed their design/engineering or something . If I purchase another electric popper I will consider the West Bend and not the Cuisinart .
 I 've had this unit less than a year , first the clips on the base cracked within a few wks , then a piece of the heating unit cracked & broke off , finally the whole frame on heating unit fell off . All this after careful use of the unit . I just received a replacement -LRB- had to pay shipping cost -RRB- , I do n't expect any better results as it is the same product . Shame on Cuisinart , I trusted your brand name . Never again .
 Buy a different brand - the quality of workmanship is very cheap.Disappointing for a Cuisinart - If I was the CEO of Cuisinart I would insist this was made better or stop selling it , it is an embarrassment to the Cuisinart name.Purchased in Feb 2010 , we make popcorn fairly often . It does work great but the construction is terrible . Within months the popping base broke we called for a replacement and the first one sent was broken , 2nd one was ok but we noticed a crack called and complained about the quality of workmanship and now the base base has broken again . I am now buying a different popper - not sure which one . In the end the popcorn popper lasted about 21 months .
 To all that read this review , do n't buy this product . This was our second unit and the last . Cuisinart has a very serious problem and they do n't seem to want to correct it . The first unit we purchased from a store , worked for about 4 months before the protective safety cover for the power terminals in the base broke . Once that happens , the removable base will not make sufficient contact to continue to work . Many reviewers here have had the same issue . Poor design on Cuisinart 's part to require the seating process to press down on a brittle piece of plastic/bakelite . On the second unit , after just 5 uses , the clip under the base that releases the base broke and in the process of looking at the remaining working one , it broke also . I 'm not a mechanical engineer , but I work with enough of them to know , this product is not designed for continued use . Shame on Cuisinart to produce such a poor quality product . There is a limit to how cheep a company should go , and they exceeded it . I do n't know if this unit is build in China , but I do believe that for the price of this product , you just should n't have these kinds of problems . I 'll give credit where its due , and the unit does make good popcorn , but I 've determined that the $ 30.00 unit I got from a store that starts with a W , works every bit as good . It might not have a removable base , but I can live with a little extra work if it lasts a year or more . I would n't have expected this quality with Cuisinart , since we have a few other products , but if this is the trend , they will be on my short list from here on . Take heed , the others here are right , do n't buy this product ...
 This could be such a great popcorn popper if the heating element did n't give up the ghost so soon . The design is perfect
 I loved this popcorn maker . I thought it was beautiful , and bought it although for years I thought it was silly to buy something just to pop corn and take up counter space . Well , I moved my toaster oven to the garage just to make space for it.After about 6 months , yesterday one of the little handles you need to press to release the heating plate broke . The popper still worked , but it 's ridiculous ... the thing just broke off in my hand as I was pressing it . Then I burned myself on the heating plate . I 've never done so before , but I was n't looking carefully and got a bad burn . The problems is you have to pick up the heating plate with the bowl and flip it over . The heating plate has cool handles , but if you get distracted and you are a bit off you can get a pretty bad burn . NOT a good design .
 We have had three of these machines , with great hopes for each . The first was the older model with no vent holes . The motor on that one died in short order . The second and third units were the newer models with the improved bowl - a good example of listening to the customer . Unfortunately the electric connection from the heating element to the base is very poorly designed and of inadequate quality . On both the second and third units the plastic terminal covers broke , rendering the heating element useless . Considering that this is Cuisinart , that we bought them all through Williams-Sonoma , and the amount of negative feedback I am -LRB- now -RRB- seeing , it seems that Cuisinart really needs to go back to the drawing board .
 Cuisinart really missed with this one . I do n't think anyone in their Quality Control ever tried popping corn in it . The corn all jams up at the bottom and eventually lifts the lid off the popper as it pops . There are no vents in the top , so the steam starts to moisten the popped corn as well . I would n't use the top as the serving bowl for that reason , plus the narrowness would make it easy to tip.On the plus side , it 's incredibly easy to clean - I can just pop the lid and the removable bottom portion into the dishwasher .
 I did read the reviews and called Cuisinart and was reassured that this was under a three year warranty by a cranky clerk who did n't like when I asked her if Cuisinart had plans to address the bad reviews with a design change ... I would have probably growled at a question like that , too , but I was genuinely curious if the company pays attention.Pulled it out , carefully read the instructions , -LRB- the paddle is a little ill-conceived and not very easy to put on and they do n't show a close up of how to do it -RRB- but I figured it out.Put in 1/3 cup of the popcorn -LRB- That 's another ill-conceived design . The Measuring cup that comes with it is divided in half and it 's not clear if you fill both sides to achieve the 1/3 cup or just half so I used my own dry measure -RRB- . I used the popcorn that we ordered with the unit and added Oil per the directions , and watched as the paddle seemed to pile all the seeds rather than spreading them out for even heating . A few minutes later the popping started.You know how you wait for the big explosion where the majority of kernels pop at the same time ? Never happened . It seemed that the heating element just was n't getting hop , in fact , we were convinced that it kicked off so we let the thing run and sure enough the popping came back , albeit amidst the cold and damp corn that was there a few minutes earlier.Still not willing to give up , I went to the store to get gourmet popping corn . Same identical problem.I really wanted this to work , it 's a great looking `` machine '' . Definitely sending it back and will likely get the pan with the crank in handle , I had years of amazing popcorn luck with that one but I thought I 've earned my right for an automated version ! LOL not yet , I guess !
 I bought one of these for my son and one for myself . It worked for about 5 months and like most of the other people , the clip that seats the heating element BROKE !!! Mine broke day before yesterday and my son called yesterday and told me his BROKE TOO !!!! You would think when you pay $ 60.00 for a popcorn popper , it would last longer then 5 months . Not going to pay the expense of returning it to the manufacturer or PAY TO GET A NEW ONE , what 's up with that ?? So much for guarantee 's !! Threw it in the trash . Do n't waste you time and money on this one .
 The item was broken before it came out of the box . The kernal spinner worked , but the plate did n't get hot . I took it apart and put it back together several times trying to figure out why it was n't working . The only good part about it was the ease of returning it.I ignored other reviews saying the same thing , do n't make the same mistake I did !!
 I bought this popcorn maker for my wife for Christmas . This turned out to be a huge let down . The popcorn comes out chewy and wet . Would not recommend this to anyone . Very disappointed with Cuisinart on this one as we love our Cuisinart pans and mixer .
 I used to trust Cuisinart for decent engineering and product quality . No Longer!After the 3rd use ... 3 silly times ... the heating base unit no longer worked ... therefore , no popcorn.A waste of time and money ... buy the older cheaper plastic versions from West Bend , we have one at our cabin that is over 20 yrs old and works like a charm ... at half the price.This product was a horrible investment ... junk after 3 uses .
 Pops well if used sensibly . 1/3 cup seeds to 1/8 cup oil works well . Poorly designed clips that hold heated popper to base . Break too easily . Once broken , the connection to the heating elements becomes unreliable . While the impeller continues to turn , the heat wo n't always come on . Great care must be taken in use , cleaning and storage so that the very delicate parts do n't get damaged . Overall very dissatisfied with the life span . Shortly after 3 months our heated base was broken beyond hope . Bought a replacement base , and that lasted for about 6 weeks . Same clips are breaking .
 I am on my third replacement popper . I 've had it . Will not request a new one . I 'm tired of getting the `` it must have been something YOU did '' tone from the Cuisinart folks . NO , it was NOT something I did . I have treated these poppers with kid gloves since they appear to be ever so delicate . First to break were the contacts for the heating element . Second popper 's handle clips broke . And now so have the third popper 's . Oh , Cuisinart WILL send you a new one . But you have to pay for shipping and handling and you have to send the old one back . Run . As fast as you can to another brand .
 I was excited to find this popcorn popper at a substantial discount at a department store . Cuisinart also is a good brand , so I was shocked when the popper stopped heating less than 10 uses later . I had a Whirley-Pop , which works great , but is difficult to clean , and I wanted an integrated bowl.I would not recommend this product as it breaks quickly . I 'll be buying another electric one . I just hope it is more reliable than this one was .
 My husband and I saw this popcorn popper at Sam 's Club and decided to get it since our Stir Crazy popper was getting older . A few months later , the tab that locks down the heating surface broke . We did not wash it in the dishwasher or subject it to any kind of abuse . It is just obviously a flimsy product . Not going to bother with contacting customer service . We just pulled our old Stir Crazy out of the closet and began using it again . Glad I kept it . Threw away most of the Cuisinart but am going to user the `` bowl '' part as a planter on the back patio this spring . I definitely would not buy this product again .
 We purchased from Sur La Table on Saturday , used it once , and the second time it would not heat up . It is going back to the store today . Guess I 'll wait for Kitchenaid to come out with an air popper . I am disappointed that Cuisinart would put out an inferior product like this and I am even more disappointed in retailers who continue to sell it in their stores . No wonder they were all marked down !
 I am on my forth Cuisinart popcorn popper in a month . The side locks have been broken on delivery or break within the first few times it is used . You can use it anyway and the popcorn really comes out nice but these cheap plastic tabs on the side keep breaking . Cuisinart is really letting there quality slip . I really want this popper to work because I like the look - the only other option is the stir-crazy which takes up much more counter space . Kudos to Amazon.com for being so responsive with the replacement units.LMB
 Worked great to start with!Latch broke just within 2 uses . The plastic is too fragile/brittle on the main detachable part.Called cuisinart for warranty replacement . Courteous rep but the replacement product is back-ordered . Not sure if and when they can ship the replacement part .
 I like the way it works but ... this is my second unit , I warrantied the first after the retaining clips failed . They have done the same on the replacement unit . I try and buy good quality items and am not adverse to the cost if the product and service reflect . Cuisinart Service is very non-service , the only response they would conjure is if the product was under warrantee . So back to Costco for return . I am re-evaluating Cuisinart as a part of our kitchen . As the product craps out I will look at anything else .
 This is the slowest and least productive popcorn popper I 've ever used . I thought the Cuisinart name would guarantee a quality product , but it is definitely garbage . I tried multiple types of popcorn from basic store brand to gourmet online providers . Never did the bowl fill and I was always left with tons of unpopped kernels .
 Purchased one of these about 4 years ago through a local retailer . We tried various types of popcorn in the unit to see if we could get a single good batch , and we never did . The corn was not light and fluffy - it was ALWAYS dense , small pieces that were tough and soggy . The moisture from the popping process gets trapped in the popping chamber and then covers the corn once it is popped . I drilled holes in the top of the clear cover to let the moisture out , but that did n't help . We ended up giving the unit to GoodWill . DO NOT RECOMMEND !
 Both hot plate hold down clips broke . Used one for a while until the other side broke . Contacted company for support of their product and they suggested I purchase a new hot plate from them at $ 25.00 . I would do so if I could be assured this would not happen again . Due to similar reviews and testimonies I believe this is a inferior product and should be taken of the market until the flaw is fixed .
 This popcorn maker broke after just 2 months . The handle to the base snapped right off . It also does not pop all the seeds they ride along the sides and waste allot of kernels !
 I have had 2 of these . The popcorn tastes great but both machines broke . The first one was under warranty so Cuisinart replaced it . The second one broke after the warranty was expired . It is n't made well for placing the hot plate onto the popper ... that is the part that broke both times .
 Very excited to receive product . After 6 cycles the popping plate latches broke ! Made of plastic they broke prematurely ! I must press down on the popper bowl now to make sure the contacts make a proper connection while unit is in use ! Ouch !!! Contacted the manufacture through e-mail but they have not responded ! Can not get through on the phone either ! Line is always way too busy ! Very disappointed with the manufacture ! I thought I was buying top of the line merchandise ! Be careful !
 Used item twice - plactic tab securing popping plate to base snapped off - appeared to be brittle -LRB- old ? -RRB- . Am still awaiting a replacement from Cuisinart .
 The first Cuisinart Easy Pop I purchased broke after just one usage . The metal plate stopped heating . I exchanged it for another one , and to my disdain , the second one did the same thing after three usages . The product claims to be dishwasher safe . My guess is that it is n't .
 Made a mistake buying from SmallAppliance.com rather than going to shopkitchenaid.com . Paid $ 25.99 for a flimsy , cheap replacement coffee grinder bin when I could have paid $ 12.99 at shopkitchenaid.NO mention in the Amazon listing that the `` KitchenAid 4176728 Ground Coffee Jar '' is not actually a KitchenAid product .
 The biggest complaint that I have about the Kichenaid Pro-Line coffee mill is that the ground coffee jar is too thin and fragile . I bought this as a replacement after the original broke . This jar is even thinner and lighter , coming in at 123 grams . The original weighed 143 grams . I 'm disappointed by the thoughtless design . Why ca n't the jar be thicker and stronger ? It gets two stars for fitting the mill . Other than that , I would n't recommend it .
 I ca n't believe for a minute this is an authentic Kitchen Aid part . The glass is clearly thinner and weighs noticeably less . I have no doubt this will break in no time . This will almost certainly result in a $ 25 mistake .
 I saw in another review that someone regretted not purchasing it at the KitchenAid site . I just went to the KA site , did n't see the jar and chatted with their online help - they did confirm to me that the `` KitchenAid Pro Line Coffee Mill Replacement Bin '' SKU : KPCGBIN was indeed the correct part . Oddly enough , there is no picture of the `` bin '' but that 's why KA has an online help system I suppose . Anyway , I ordered two -LRB- one for backup just in case - mama is n't kind without her coffee -RRB- . Total cost for two , shipped , plus tax was under $ 30 . I 'm all about making a profit but when you can get it for less than half price by going direct to the KA site , one would be foolish not to.Happy shopping !
 When I bought this oven I did n't know it had a non-stick coating . Most have listed it in the product features so I returned it . I did n't want the toxic fumes that non-stick coatings emit .
 Mine exploded . Hot glass and handle all over the kitchen . This thing is a timebomb . Eventually somebody will get burned or injured by these things . The bar for quality toaster ovens is apparently set quite low . This one does n't even qualify as bad . It 's dangerous .
 We recently replaced our old Cuisinart oven with this model . The older model browned the toast to various degrees via the selector . With this model , it is not properly browned at setting 4 and burnt at setting 5 . The bottom of the baked items burns even at lower oven temperatures and shorter baking times . Have adjusted the rack settings with only minor success . Should have kept the old one .
 I 've had this over for about 8 months now and have used it very heavily during that time frame . Never found a problem , very user friendly and with the convection feature , I could cook way more than toast . However yesterday , I was cooking an item for about 30 minutes and after about fifteen minutes , I noticed that the fan had stopped and was just buzzing . Motors can overheat and fires have been known to happen from that type of situation . I was able to bang on the side of the fan case and got the fan going again , but I can no longer trust the use of the oven without my being there . It was never maltreated and was always cleaned regular .
 First , I have no idea what the word `` Sheets Bedding '' refers to in this product description but Amazon 's new website is also a mess ! Seconly , this has been a huge disappointment from the first month I owned it , more so because I grieved about Cuisinart dropping their reputation for high quality , durable kitchen appliances . Homemakers and professional cooks can cry!Insulation is seriously lacking for one thing , such that the front facing areas and glass became `` burned '' within the first 3 months , and there was nothing put in it with oil or grease - no meats , either.Toasting is iffy at best , and each slice has to be turned over for the reverse side to `` toast '' or it 's only warm . Convection Oven ? I highly doubt that!In summation , the temperature has appeared to be on target , which surprised me no end , since the rest of this item is marginal at best . I will never buy this company brand again , having gotten over my grieving period . I was one of the first to own their great `` Cuisinart '' blender/mixer decades ago . This will not make it another year .
 We have had this oven for 4 months now and I must say it does do a good job of toasting anything you want if you watch the oven carefully . I have several warnings for prospective buyers though , everything on this oven gets hot but the handle , the timer is just that a timer when your time is up the oven will not shut off it will keep cooking until you shut it off . The bottom tray cleanout pulls out from the back so you have to take it off the counter to clean it . The middle rack does not pull out when the door is opened like most ovens you will have to get a oven mitt every time to check your food and pull the rack out . We will not be buying this oven again and will be buying another one shortly there are just too many annoyances to this oven .
 I was so surprised when I searched the CPSC 's database and did not find this appliance recalled . We purchased this a few months ago to replace an old Cuisinart model that we were happy with for almost a decade . Firstly , I see many reviews here claiming `` no burn issues '' but notice that the year of review is prior to 2010/2011 . Those reviews are probably describing a previous model.With this particular model , the glass door has a silver band at the bottom and top , behind the handle . When the oven heats up , the heat from within conducts straight through to the silver bands , making them not only hot to the touch , but hot enough to cause second degree burns . Both I and my 10 year old daughter have had this happen a few times in the few short months we 've owned this , from simply pulling down on the handle to open the door . When the handle is grasped and the door is pulled down , your hand rotates forward on the bar , toward the topmost part of the top silver band . Contact with the hot silver band is typically on the top of the knuckle , if you grab the handle with your palm down . I still have a scar from the last one.I was surprised Cuisinart would use such a thin form of metal or a material that would not insulate the exterior from the high interior temperatures . I would not recommend this particular model.One other more minor issue I have with this product is the timer beep -- it is way too loud , and there 's no function to lower the volume or silence it completely . It 's so loud , we do n't use it once the kids are asleep .
 I purchased my Cuisinart TOB-195 toaster oven 28 November 2008 . I use it to cook a frozen pizza once a week , and also to toast my English muffin each morning . So not exactly heavy use.It quit working this week . One morning the controls simply no longer function and the display is dead.I took it to an authorized Cuisinart dealer , only to discover that Cuisinart does not provide parts . This toaster oven can not be repaired . I called Cuisinart customer service and they confirmed this.For a top-of-the-line product , given how little I used it and how much I paid for it , I expected this toaster oven to last more than 4 years .
 The first one I purchased had about an eighth inch gap on the right side when the glass door was shut . I contacted Cuisinart and they said it was still under warranty but I would have to pay for shipping and handling to get a replacement . I contacted Amazon and they replaced it for free . This one STILL has a gap on the right hand side of the door but it is about a sixteenth inch . I am not a professional cook but I think this has to cause uneven cooking and heat loss . This is the second oven I have purchased from Cuisinart ; the first one had exactly the same functions but was a little smaller and the door closed fully.I wo n't buy another product from them but I will always make my purchases from Amazon . I have dealt with them for many years and ca n't praise them enough.Jerry C.
 I was in the market for a new toaster oven and did quite a bit of research to find a good one . It took me 6 months & 3 toasters . I wanted an oven that could make a pizza -LRB- my regular oven takes 20 min just to heat up -RRB- as well as toast a bagel and make 2 grill cheese sandwiches at once as I have 3 young children . I also wanted an oven that automatically pulls out the tray as you open the door . This is important to me for safety reasons . I do n't wants my kids to stick their hands all the way inside the oven to get their toast out.Toaster # 1 -RRB- I received a black & decker as a gift and it was awful . It did n't have the pull out tray ; It did n't toast bread evenly on both sides ; It was n't large enough to bake a pizza ; My bagels were burnt on the outside and cold on the inside ; I threw that one away.Toaster # 2 -RRB- Then I purhased the very popular Cuisineart from amazon . All three of my kids and my husband got burned while opening the door . It gets very hot ! It did n't have the auto tray pull out , so I had to get a pot holder to pull the tray out ; It did n't bake the pizza well because it was n't powerful enough , even though it fit the pizza ; And worst of all , every time I needed to clean the crumb tray , I had to turn the whole toaster around because the crumb tray pulls out from the back . I wrapped this up and returned it . amazon paid for all shippng charges and it was truly a no hassle return.Toaster # 3 -RRB- Then I got the breville . I love it ! My husband loves it ! My kids love it ! It does it all . The tray automatically pulls out when the door opens so my kids do n't get burned when they want to get their toast out ; It toasts bagels beautifully ; It heats up quickly and bakes pizza nicely ; The crumb tray pulls out from the front so it 's very easy to clean -LRB- this is BIG ! -RRB- ; It 's a little more money that the cuisineart , but well worth it . This is the first review I 've ever written . I 'm hoping that my 6 months of agony will save someone else all the hassles I went through . Good luck !
 We have had two of these . The door has broken on both of them . The spring-loaded arm becomes out of alignment and the door wo n't close . I was able to fix it by bending the arm assembly for a while , but now it is shot . It also gets extremely hot to touch and the rack/tray does not extend out when the door is opened . You have to use a mitt or pot holder and the tray is awkward to remove as a result . It functioned well when it was working , but the door is cheaply attached and prone to failure . Time to try something else , but the reviews of all the products keep me guessing if any company produces anything of quality anymore !
 Unit emits an annoying humming/buzz sound continuously . This could be a serious electrical problem since only the clock LCD that is running . I wonder how many units out there sitting on kitchen counters with the same problem unnoticed.Quisinart would replace it but I have to pay for one-way shipping . This is legal because it is written in the warranty disclosure , but unethical for certain . They want the consumer to subsidize their manufacturing sloppiness . This is a mark of a bad company . Where is integrity ?
 This toaster-oven was a disappointment to us . It needs an oven lamp so you can see what 's happening to your food and the crumb tray pulls out from the rear of the unit - a big inconvenience . We received this toaster-oven , looked it over , and sent it back to Amazon the next day . We then bought the Oster 6058 - at nearly half the price - and are very satisfied . It has the features that the Cuisinart lacks . I hope this review helps someone avoid the mistake we made .
 If I could give it 0 stars , I would . It is one month over warranty , and used maybe 15 times total , and just did n't work last time I turned it on , when it worked perfectly fine before to cook little things like biscuits , cinnamon rolls , and chicken nuggets . Not even toast . Stored away until I used it these few times . It should 've lasted longer than it did for the price and name brand . Cuisinart 's -LRB- i.e. , Conair -RRB- customer service is useless . They should be ashamed for pawning off this cheap product . They have lost a `` valued customer . ''
 1 . The digital controls require a whole bunch of touches to turn the oven on to `` bake at 400 degrees '' . One has to push the `` bake button '' , then set the temperature by repeatedly touching arrows to move temperature up in 25 degree increments , and , finally , press `` on '' . A `` temperature knob '' and an `` on button '' would better and faster .2 . The digital temp display looks precise , but only shows the ` target ' not the actual temperature . It supposedly shows you when ` target ' is reached ' , but the notice comes after only 3 or 4 minutes , while the temperature is still 150 to 200 degrees under the target . It never does get to 400 , and takes at least 10 minutes to reach 330-350 . All this while , the temp window is proudly displaying 400 and states `` target reached '' .3 . I would use a toaster broiler for reheating pizza , baking potatoes , melting cheese on nachos , and crisping up dinner rolls . I generally leave the temp control on 375 and I do n't need a digital labor saving that requires 9 touches on the temp arrow to get up to that . Digital does not save work , it causes it ! 4 . I am used to an interior light and consider the absence of one a serious fault .
 I have been looking for a toaster oven that is not coated with a nonstick surface inside since , although it eases clean-up , it also poisons the air you breathe -LRB- non-stick coatings are only safe up to 360 degrees , toaster ovens are often meant to reach 500 , or at least 425 for a pizza -- but I digress -RRB- . Thus , this one seemed promising . I called Cuisinart and they informed me that the inside is made of galvanized steel . Safe enough for your trash , but you do n't want it on your food . This is what I found
 We already had this oven in white enamel , 4-5 years old , so I ordered the wife one this Christmas to go with the stainless steel appliances in our newly renovated kitchen . I was tremendously disappointed when she opened it on Christmas morning to find that the only stainless steel on the entire oven was a 1-inch cowling around the door , and a small brand logo on the door itself . The remainder of the oven , front control panel , sides , back , top , was enameled steel . I am sending this item back to Amazon as soon as I get permission , and searching for another brand that is truthful as to its construction .
 I ca n't believe CAN NOT BELIEVE the rave reviews this horrible device has gotten ! People need to put down the crack pipe!Not only is this the worst kitchen appliance I 've ever used , it 's the worst electonic device I 've ever used . At least the terrible vacuum cleaner I had did n't BURN MY HAND EVERY TIME I used it . That 's right . If you buy this toaster , you WILL burn your hand . Did UL labs even look at this thing ? Touch any part other than the front panel or door handle , get burned . Now reach in and pull the hot tray out and get burned . I guess having the tray come out with the door was too much to ask for from a $ 180 toaster . But wait , there 's more fail to come when you attempt to clean this thing . Stupid tray is in the back . Toasts fine on the lower settings , but once you turn it up you might as well just use a blowtorch . Heating is uneven and burns food.The whole getting burned thing is n't even my biggest peave . It 's the controls . Look at all those buttons OOOOH AHHHH ! They do nothing . You can only set the timer when the oven likes it . You need the manual to figure it out every time , and I 've given up . It 's the most non-intuitive thing ever . I am a mechanic , and I am good with computers and things with manuals . I can not even make toast correctly with this thing.The TOB -LRB- Toaster Of Burn-y ? -RRB- replaced a wonderful old $ 30 toaster oven as a present . If it came with the receipt it would have been back to the store after the first use .
 This oven was too big , with too many features , and way too many controls for what we wanted . We returned it for a simpler version at less than half the cost and are very pleased with results . More is not more . You do not have to have a convection oven to get good toast .
 I thought I had finally found the replacement to my 12 year old toaster oven . HA ! It had the outlet chirp - so we replaced the outlet . It did it again ! So we moved the toaster to another counter and it killed itself . Amazon was super easy to work with on the return . Still have n't found a replacement .
 I bought this because of all the stellar reviews . I am writing now in the hopes that it will prevent someone else from making the same mistake in purchasing this . It 's the worst design I 've ever seen on a toaster , seemingly made for the express purpose of burning people 's fingers . There is a metal strip that runs behind the handle . It heats up during cooking and I -LRB- and everyone else in my family -RRB- burn my fingers on it about 60 % of the time that I open the oven . The rack on which the food cooks has a lip on it that seems designed to make it difficult to get the food out of the oven . I 've actually ignited three pot holders in the process of removing food from the oven . The controls are far more complicated than they should be and no visitors to my home are able to figure out how to make toast . The control panel has 16 buttons . The simple act of toasting bread requires one to press the `` toast '' button , then hit arrows until the desired level of toasting is achieved , press additional buttons if bagels or multiple toast slices are involved and finally press the on/off button . The toast it produces is adequate -LRB- toasted on top , mostly untoasted on the bottom -RRB- , but no better than what the most inexpensive Walmart toaster can do . The claim about the oven 's ability to cook an entire 12 '' pizza is a bald-faced lie as the entire interior of the toaster from wall to wall is only 12 inches and the pizza would have to be jammed into the oven and in contact with all sides of it . My nine-year-old ca n't even make toast for herself because of the combination of confusing buttons and the likelihood of being burned .
 12-13-10Cuisinart TOB-195 Exact Heat Toaster Oven Broiler , StainlessI was ready to step up to the Big Leagues and big money when I bought the TOB . I normally do not spend $ 150.00 on any kitchen appliance but the reviews were generally favorable and Cuisinart has a good reputation . What did I know?The first one arrived and I set it up eager to start toasting and browning except it would n't . No way no how , in toasting mode it would burn both ends of the bread while leaving the middle undone now matter what toasting setting I would used and I tried all of them from light to dark with no luck.But it got worse . When I tried to broil or bake the timer would n't work . The timer would shut off after about 3 seconds instead keeping the time . I never got it to work and after a week of calling Cuisinart to see if I might be doing something wrong , they to told me to send it back . So I did.The replacement came a week later and the first thing I did was save the packing and boxes then I tested the Timer , again it would n't work period . I called and had sent back the second one requesting a refund . Nuff said .
 The oven bakes and toasts well ; but its hard to find a toaster oven that does n't . I bought this oven based on the large number of rave reviews . I 'm shocked by the 2 design flaws that seem obvious :1 -RRB- The metal behind the handle gets extremely hot . If you open the door with your palm down , your knuckles will touch this metal and you will get burned . It seems simple enough to just open the door with palm up , but it took me a few burns to get into the habit of doing that .2 -RRB- The crumb tray can only be removed from the back . I like to clean out the crumb tray often and the necessity to pull the oven away from the wall and turn it around to remove it is frustrating .
 After much research , we bought the Cuisinart TOB-195 Toaster , Broiler , Oven . For the first year I absolutely loved it . I do n't remember using the oven on my range once in that year . I used the Cuisinart TOB-195 to bake cakes , cookies and casseroles ; broil seafood , poultry and meat . We used the convection oven and gave our old toaster away . After nearly a year , it started burning things - both top and bottom - where the heating coils were located . Lowering the temperature control did not correct the problem . -LRB- Not on this oven or the following two replacements -RRB- . Called the company , they arranged for us to receive a new one and return the defective one . 2nd one arrived and malfunctioned immediately in the same manner . Called the company again . Went through the same process . 3rd one arrived and for nearly two months it performed as well as the first one . Again , the same problem occurred . We did not return the 3rd one but continue to use it to broil and toast . As my review states
 The oven works ok , but it does not have a removable crumb tray . Very difficult to clean . I would consider it a design fault.The outside of the over gets very hot . Hot enough to burn ! I certainly would n't let me 8 year old use it . I would opt for another oven if I was looking to buy this one .
 We had this for about 3 years . We bought it at Costco when we started our membership there . I was in love with the looks and the digital controls . The toast over prior to it was an old hand-me-down . I noticed early on that the toaster tray is not easy to remove or put back , and you ca n't cover it with foil very easily . A few weeks ago it started cooking really , really hot - much hotter than the temperature for which it was set . It would smoke and set off the fire alarm . A few days ago it stopped working . When you pressed Start , it would show 3 dashes and that was it . After several separate attempts , it would decide to work once , and then it would go back to the dashes the next time we tried it . We typically use it 1-2 times a day . So now we have to replace it - we wo n't be getting the same model .
 I bought this toaster based on excellent reviews . So apparently I am one of the unlucky few that received a melon . My toaster is incredibly loud -LRB- I can hear it on while two rooms away -RRB- and overheats food consistently . The toaster function also does not work properly , either slightly burning bread or leaving bread a little too untoasted .
 Cuisianrt TOB 195 Toaster OvenWe bought this oven primarily for making toast . It does not work at all if you follow the directions given . They indicate you need to place the toast on the rack at the top of the oven . This does not work !! Instead we place the toast in the middle rack and put the indicator of darkness of toast at its highest level - turn the toaster on and let it run for the full 5:03 minutes and then set it to run again . At about a total of 7:30 minutes we have great toast . We tried to broil chicken and were completely dissatisfied . So , we like the toast better than using a large conventional oven , but certainly do n't feel it is worth the price paid for what we have found uses for so far . J. F. Poynor Granbury , TX
 I agree with every positive thing said about this toaster oven . It is a great unit and I quite enjoyed using mine but I think that Cuisinart may have some quality control issues as mine stopped working fairly early in its life.I 'm not a power user . I used my Cuisinart for toasting nuts for salads and when cooking individual servings . I LOVED the convection baking feature for crisping up frozen items . For the slightly more than a year that this item worked , I loved it . I had read the critiques of the design and determined that I could live with its problems . As I said , however , I 'm not a power user and after several weeks of not using the oven , I realized that at some point it had stopped powering up without my noticing it . I 've plugged it in to various outlets , hoping that it was an outlet issue -LRB- it 's an older house -RRB- but , alas , it 's the toaster oven itself . Unfortunately , I 'm not certain exactly how long it lasted so I ca n't give an accurate report of how long it lasted . More than a year , less than 18 months.Perhaps I should have paid more to purchase an extended warranty but I chose to pay a premium for what I thought was a reputable brand . Moreover , I do n't want the hassle of having to ship something for replacement or repair ; I just want to purchase something that will work . I 'm very sorry that this product did not work long term as I enjoyed it while it did . I would not purchase this item again .
 In years of cooking , this is my first toaster oven . I was attracted by the prospect of quick heating . After reading reviews , I bought what I thought was the best at any price . The product is workable , but hardly an excellent tool.First , the instruction manual is brief and terrible . There are big warnings about not using the racks appropriately -- but NOWHERE does it show ANY basic configuration for these racks . I had to guess that to make a cheese sandwich , I was supposed to use three racks . And that no , the bottom rack did not rest directly on the heating elements . Am I right ? Who knows?My first dish
 I really thought I would be getting something special . This oven is too small for the standard 9 x 13 baking dish , one shelf -LRB- all that comes with it -RRB- is not enough because of the drip pan needing to be in the oven when used . Something this expensive should have more design for ease of cleaning . The standard $ 69 job would do just as well .
 Well , we just got this Cuisinart and noticed immediately how much smaller the width of the oven is . -- INTERIOR DIMENSIONS are 12 '' by 12 '' by 5.5 '' . While it might heat a 12 '' pizza , a 12.5 '' outside diameter pan will not fit
 We just got this oven . Toast is fine.How do you know what settigs to use to reheat food that has been refrigerated ? Over half our toaster oven use is to reheat left-overs . I just burned the crust of a slice of last night 's left over pizza . Not only is there no `` reheat '' button -LRB- except the 24 second one for a slice of toast -RRB- there are no instructions in the booklet for reheating . I wish the consumer reports people had taken note of all toaster ovens that do not automatically thrust the rack forward . Perhaps toaster oven companies have stock in the company that makes First Aid Cream .
 We just bought the Cuisinart tob 195 because of all the positive ratings and reviews read about here and everywhere else . Why did NO ONE say that the entire outside of the unit -LRB- except the door and handle -RRB- gets EXTREMELY HOT ? You could get a bad burn if you touch the top or sides when it 's in operation . You ca n't keep anything in a plastic bag -LRB- bread ? -RRB- on top of the unit . I am very displeased with my purchase ! mary tomaselli
 I just purchased this oven , and I 'm very dissatisfied with how it makes toast . The top of the toast is done perfectly , but the bottom is not as toasted . The rack is in the right place , etc. . . but I notice visually that the elements on top get hotter/redder/brighter than the bottom . Is this normal ? Does everyone who says it makes perfect toast have to turn the toast over ? I 'm trying to figure out if there 's something wrong with my machine or if they all work this way . Cuisinart 's customer service was completely unhelpful and kept just recommending I play with the toast darkness setting . Is my problem how this appliance works , or do I have a defective one ? Any advice ?
 I selected this toaster oven over the Krups model primarily due to the customer service problems people have posted regarding Krups and the excellent customer service provided if needed by Cuisinart . I also preferred the design of the Cuisinart that required less linear counter space than the Krups design . Yes the Cuisinart has to have the crumb tray removed from the back of the unit but this is not a daily or even a weekly task and so was not relevant for me in deciding which toaster oven to buy.The Cuisinart has been a joy to use . I was able to set all the controls without looking at the manual . When a temperature is set the unit beeps when the oven has reached the designated temperature and the digital display means you know exactly what the temperature is and it will be consistent day to day . I did not see it mentioned for the Cuisinart but this model also bees and shuts off automatically when the timer ends for baking or toasting.A small thing but the rack also slides out much more easily than with prior toaster ovens I have owned and it cools very quickly so I seldom need to use a pot holder or towel to slide it out and get to the food that has been baked or toasted which I really like.Although it has been mentioned that it will hold a 12 '' pizza this is only partly true . I found that there are no 12 '' diameter pizza stones available and the ones that are sold as 12 '' pizza stones are actually 13 '' in diameter and will not fit in the oven . So yes you can bake a 12 '' pizza in the oven , but only on the rack and not on a stone.Toasting with the 2 heat elements is not as even as with other models with 3 elements but this has only been a problem when toasting nuts or similar foods where one want consist heat across a broad surface . For toasting bread or bagels this has not been a problem.After two years of light use the electronics failed and though the heating elements work on oven settings they no longer work on toast settings so the unit needs to replaced . Will be another brand .
 I chose this and paid a premium thinking it was made of stainless steel , as described . I have a stainless electric coffee pot which is made completely out of stainless steel . This appliance has stainless colored plastic handles and control panel . Painted silver color metal body . Only the handle , the trim around the door , and control panel trim is stainless . Even the support pieces for the door handle are plastic.I feel this appliance is misrepresented and am returning it .
 I would really like this product if it was not flawed in a very bad way -- the wire rack , when positioned in the recommended toasting/baking position , has a 1/4 '' wire that prevents one from sliding their food out and onto a plate . It 's as if they made the rack upside down . If one tries to reverse it , the food is too close to the top elements , causing it to burn on top before getting cooked from below . If one tries to place it in the bottom rack , the opposite happens . This is actually quite dangerous -- imagine a child cooking a pizza and then trying to slide it out of the oven and it gets caught on this obstruction and then they apply more force until it spills all over them , scalding their arm or face.Also , the timer does n't shut the oven off -- it just beeps ! It also has no seconds indicator , but that 's sort of minor.The convection function is nice , but has kind of a loud fan.This item is NOT stainless throughout -- that 's just silver paint on the top and sides.This takes a long time to toast regular bread and leaves it very dry and way too crunchy on the inside.For this price , they should have included two types of racks -- one for the higher position , one for the lower position , both with entirely unobstructed smooth wire surfaces . Dangerous at worst , extremely annoying and crumbs all over the place at best . Cooks most food well though -LRB- like frozen wings , pizza , appetizers -RRB- .
 This product was a huge disappointment - the metal cabinet is very cheaply made with flimsy sheet metal covering most of the unit . In most households , this wo n't hold up to even moderately gentle use . The unit was shipped to me via Amazon with numerous dents in the top . The dents were not deep , but they were very clearly visible . Another thing that irritated me about the unit that I received is that it had a small scratch on the interior of the oven that is visible just inside the open door . The scratch had been covered over with a black paint of some kind that was carelessly applied -- most likely this was caught by Cuisinart and `` patched up '' just prior to boxing the unit up -- just to get it out the door . This black paint began to peel off after just a couple of uses of the oven.The control panel of the unit has small red lights to indicate which function is active , but the label for each control is non-illuminated . In moderate or lower ambient lighting levels , the very small lettering for each control is hard to read.The front door of the product developed a problem early on -- not closing completely.On the plus side , the unit toasts things well.I definitely would never buy this item again knowing firsthand now how it really is . I am also very disappointed with Amazon that they would ship an item with dents in it . The carelessly covered up scratch on the interior was another defect that should have prevented the unit from being sold as a new item . -LRB- This item was sold as `` new '' and was not specified as being `` reconditioned '' or `` refurbished '' . -RRB-
 I agree with other reviews that the design of the handle causes your fingers to come into contact with the hot door . Three people in house burned their fingers with this oven .
 I ordered this image for my son 's first birthday and when I got it , it was already cracked . I made the best of it though because I received it too close to his birthday to attempt to return it . I will make future purchases of this type from local distributers so that I can see the product before I spend the money .
 Loved the look of the pot . First cup of green was great . Second cup came out jet black . seems like the enamel is cheep .
 This plunger worked fine for the bathtub and the bathroom sink but failed miserably with the toilet.Our toilet clogged for the first time yesterday . We tried to open it repeatedly whit this plunger for a few hours but the clog did n't budge . The problem seemed to be that the lower end is made of hard plastic which is not plyable at all . It did n't get into the hole to close it off . There was always bubbles coming up that showed that the air did not go into the pipe . In the end we called our landlord who said that this tipe thoes n't work for him either . He had a rubber plunger that is narrower on the bottom . He did just 2-3 blows and the clog was gone.I ca n't say that this plunger is completely useless since it did work on a flat surface such as a drain in the tub .
 I have used this bad boy for years with great satisfaction UNTIL I installed a low flush toilet . The plunger does n't conform enough to seal the shape of the bowl drain and I got a huge overflow blowout on every attempt . So sad .
 The first time I used it on my kitchen sink `` whoosh ! '' it cleared a clog I had been working on for days with a small ` regular ' plunger in a few pumps . Then I tried it on the bathtub :--LRB- The hard plastic would not form a seal around the drain so it was totally ineffective . Furthermore the hard plastic eventually bent , then cracked and now my Master plunger is on it 's way to a landfil someplace . It was probably worth what I paid just to clear the kitchen sink . That chemical stuff is about the same price for a couple of uses which is about what I got out of `` the Master ''
 Bought one of these and it did NOTHING for my toilet but create an overflow - it could n't make a seal . Ended up borrowing my neighbor 's tried and true old school plunger which worked beautifully
 I 've tried the Master Plunger a couple of times , and all it did was push some water out of the toilet bowl . Would n't unclog the toilet so got out my really old and stiff plunger , and with a couple of pushes the clog was gone.A couple of comments :1 . I have low flow toilets , they are about 20 years old , and they make a low flow Master Plunger . I wo n't be trying it , as I am not impressed with the plastic and lack of seal it makes . But maybe it would work better on low flow toilets .2 . Others have posted you have to slowly push the air out first , then let it fill with water , then push . But while I think this might work , I have not tried it , and the manufacturer says nothing about this method.I 'm sticking with a new and very highly ratedNeiko Patented Heavy-Duty All-Angle Super-Power Plunger , it 's Amazon 's # 1 seller in Plungers & Holders .
 Flimsy , awkward and weak . I do n't recommend this product . I only gave it 2 stars because it was inexpensive ... you get what you pay for .
 This plunger was a piece of junk !!!! I tried it over and over and it did nothing . I thought maybe I was using it wrong but my husband could not get it to work very well either . Stick with the plain old rubber plunger with the flange on it . That works the best .
 The lettering on the oven stove is too small to read . I did n't like the timer feature for toasting bread . Would have preferred presetting a timer and temperature once -LRB- toast light , medium , or dark -RRB- , and then only having to press one button each time I use the oven for muffins .
 This reaplaced a Cuisinart toaster/convection oven . It worked great but it had a painted finish and after 5 years of everyday use it was discolored and chipping . It was a true convection oven only taking 70 % of the normal time to bake.Oster is not even a good toaster oven , the manual said that you have to preheat to toast . It does not signal when it is preheated . No digital controls!It takes longer to bake than a normal oven . Save your time and money and get a Cuisinart . Amazon accepted the return and I ordered a stainless steel Cuisinart from them . Pay the extra money and get the best !
 Bought `` RED '' so it would match the blender that sits beside it on the counter . This is not a true red . It 's more of a custom car candy apple red with metalflake in the paint.Also , numbers and symbols on the controls are difficult to see and use.Otherwise , a reasonable price for a good quality appliance.Thanks , LBG
 I purchased one for my son and his fiancee in December , and the door on it exploded ! Definitely should be recalled .
 Oster used to be a good name ... This is more like an over sized 4 slice toasterThe shelves do not fit and slide well , the overall finish is good though.I have real questions about the aluminum broiler tray as when I washed it in the dishwasher it came out with a white powdery coating on it . I wonder if it is anodized as aluminum has shown certain health risks !!!!!!!
 GOT THIS BECAUSE IT MATCHED MY RED KITCHEN DECOR . IT LOOKS GREAT , AND REALLY DOES COOK WELL . TEMP IS RIGHT ON THE MONEY , TOAST TAKES FOREVER AND IS NOT EVEN , BUT THAT IS AN ISSUE WITH MOST TOASTER OVENS . I ALSO LIKE THE FACT THAT YOU CAN COOK WITHOUT A TIMER . PROBLEM WITH THIS UNIT IS THE DOOR . IT 'S PUT TOGETHER WITH CHEAP , AND I MEAN CHEAP ALUMINUM HOOKS AND SPRINGS . MINE NEVER CLOSED PROPERLY AND THE HOOKS THAT PULL THE OVEN RACK IN/OUT DID NOT FIT . THEY WOULD PUSH THE OVEN RACK OFF TRACK , WHICH IS LOADS OF FUN WHEN YOUR TRYING TO REMOVE SOMETHING COOKING AT 450 DEGREES ! AFTER ONLY A YEAR AND HALF , THE SPRING BROKE , AND THE DOOR JAMMED . WOULD N'T OPEN OR CLOSE . WE REMOVED THE SPRING -LRB- AND IT WAS A CHEAP PIECE OF JUNK -RRB- WHICH WAS MANGLED , AND NOW THE DOOR WILL NOT STAY CLOSED . I HAVE TO USE HEAVY CAN TO KEEP THE DOOR CLOSED WHILE I USE THE OVEN -LRB- AND SEARCH FOR A NEW ONE -RRB- . THE CONTROLS ARE ALSO DIFFICULTY TO SEE IF YOU ARE VISUALLY CHALLENGED .
 Oven worked fine for 2 years . Called up customer service but they could not help since it beyond the 1 year warranty .
 THIS WAS THE WORST TOASTER OVEN I EVER PURCHASED . I HAVE IT ABOUT 4 MONTHS AND TODAY IT WAS THROWN OUT . THE TOAST NEVERWAS RIGHT IT ALWAYS BURNED OR WAS TO LIGHT . THE OVEN TOOK FOREVER TO COOK . I THOUGHT IF I PAID MORE MONEY IT WOULD BE BETTER BOY WAS I WRONG .
 This product is okay , but I guess you get what you pay for . I 've had this for 2 years now and I 'm considering replacing it considering I have n't used it much lately . I 'm also looking into mounting this under the cabinet -LRB- it 's not exactly the most space efficient unit out there -RRB- and am finding that it 's impossible.My big problems with it are -LRB- 1 -RRB- it toasts from back to front , so I 've burned many a piece of toast in the rear while waiting for the front pieces to start browning ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- it 's really not a 6-slice toaster unless you want to squish or overlap pieces , which is disappointing considering the size of this unit ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- the broiler does n't really brown the meat on top , it just kinda boils the meat , so I gave up using this for that function a long time ago ; and -LRB- 4 -RRB- it 's not really a true convection oven as I 've found one side cooks faster than the other -LRB- so the toaster toasts back-to-front while the oven bakes left to right -RRB- . As I said above , I 'm seriously considering tossing this and either going back to a regular toaster that will take up considerably less space , or buying a black & decker like my mom used to have - that thing was great ! 6 slices , broiled and baked well , and it could mount under the cabinet - I think I just convinced myself !
 We bought this at Target . We loved the idea that it would fit a pizza and 6 slices of bread . We loved the idea that with the convection feature , it could cook more efficiently and evenly.Well , almost . This six-slice toaster oven fits FIVE slices of bread if you arrange them cleverly , or 6 round Eggo waffles . We did fit in a small frozen pizza , and it cooked nicely.But the convection fan is so loud ! Do you want a lawn mower in your kitchen ? The whole flimsy metal case vibrates . I 've never even imagined that a kitchen appliance could be that loud.Also , the outside gets extremely hot . This is not normal . Our older toaster oven is * much * cooler to the touch on the top and sides . It has to be , because if it got as hot as the Oster , its plastic case would melt.The two ovens are the same size on the outside , but Oster made its inside larger by getting rid of all the insulation . It leaks so much heat that the heating elements never turns off . Trying to heat the whole house is not very energy efficient.We could n't just replace our existing toaster oven with this , because the nearby plastic items on the counter would melt and the fruit would be ruined . So , it might as well be considerably larger.On second thought , we 're taking it back . Our old 4-slice toaster oven suddenly seems quite fine , thank you.Tip
 This is NOT worth it . When you are on Bake mode , the lower burner does n't run enough and the upper burner runs way too hot . In brief , your pizza will be golden on top and lousy crust ... no jokes !! I would stay away from this one . The first one had a problem , so , Oster sent me another one . NO CHANGE It 's just a bad design .
 I have had this less than a year . The door has fallen off three times , this last time , there is not way to get it back on . I paid a lot of money for this thinking it was good quality , wrong . Do n't buy one !
 I was excited to get this because the picture makes it appear solid and beautiful . Admittedly , I ordered a pre-packaged item and it did disclose minor surface irregularities . However , when the package arrived , it arrived in its original box -LRB- not a shipping box -RRB- and was severely torn and mangeled and wrapped in packing tape . The item was dented and dinged in several place . Upon my first use I noticed the outer surface gets extremely hot so do n't touch it ! It appears to be encased in a very thin layer of cheap metal . Have n't used it since .
 AWFUL - Visually , it does n't appear as sleek in physically , as it does on-line . The plastic handle looks awkward and discolored . Secondly after less than of year of ownership and less than 6 months of use , it blew up on me , twice !! While toasting bread it totally burnt the bread -LRB- as it always does , and it does n't matter if you set it to toast . I heard a loud exploding pop and after a second pop the handle melted and fell off . The unit was so hot I could n't touch the PLASTIC handle , which was laying on my carpet , in the dining room . I could only pray that it did n't create a carpet fire . Overall all , this unit sucks ! It 's gets extremely and unbearably hot . It 's so hot that you ca n't touch the food . In fact , on one occassion the cooking tray melted , in the earlier stages of the cooking process . At times the PLASTIC handle can not be touched after heating or toasting of food . I do n't understand the PLASTIC getting so hot ... In fact I am going to write the company . In after 6 months of use no item behave in this manner . It is entirely unsafe for adults , let alone children . This experience has been utterly disturbing and I feel that you should extract yourself from advertising and sale of this item . I am sure you would n't want to be caught up in the legal ramifications that will begin to take place with this dangerous product . Personally , I know off hand that a lawsuit is in the works !
 Got time ? Well that 's what it takes to use this oven . Toast ... do n't plan it with your breakfast ... you will wait and wait AND WAIT ... English muffins ... you might as well plan on serving them for the next meal . What ever happened to ease ? Like on and off ? ... with this toaster oven to toast you turn all the dials just to toast a muffin . . then you have to remember to turn the `` toaster '' off as you must do this manually . I am so disappointed in this toaster oven I am writing my first review of a product in my life . My advice ... do n't waste your money ! Rating it from 1 to 10 ... 10 being the best I would rate it a ONE and that is only because if you plug it it . . it will turn on .
 Attractive item in good condition MISSING RACK ! When contacted Amazon they first told me to return the entire applicance to get a new one with a rack . Then instructed to return product , that it is not an isolated issue and they can not replace the missing part ! If you purchase this you will only have to return it .
 This toaster oven is the result of careful engineering to make it absolutely the cheapest possible toaster oven ever built . It is ridiculously flimsy . The power cord is 24 '' -LRB- 2 feet long -RRB- . I measured it . Unless you are positioning the oven literally right in front of an outlet you will need an extension cord . Seriously , that is how cheap this thing is
 I purchased this oven and was very happy with it . But the fourth time I used it , I was in the other room and heard a loud crashing noise . When I went into the kitchen , I had foudn that the glass front had literally exploded , and there were shards of glass all over the kitchen . Thank God no one was in the kitchen at the time . The oven had only been running at 350 degrees for six minutes when the explosion happened.You apparently get what you pay for . The glass in this oven is NOT of a quality that is able to withstand the heat of a convection oven . If you do buy it and use it , be sure to STAND FAR FAR AWAY from the appliance when it 's running , in case yours explodes ! I 'd hate to see someone get hurt !
 I returned this product for three reasons
 I received this toaster oven as a christmas gift . It worked fine for a few months until one day while making toast , BOOOOOM ! Right before my eyes the toaster suffered a mini-explosion inside the toaster . Fortunately , it tripped the gfi -LRB- ground fault interrupter -RRB- and the flames died down enough that no one was hurt . I had black marks from the flame up the backsplash . We reset the breaker , my husband looked it over and could n't see anything wrong , but we planned to throw this toaster in the trash and replace it with something that did n't explode . Later that week , we had company over , and while I was cooking , someone plugged in the toaster oven to heat up something small . BOOOOOOOM ! This item is clearly dangerous . If several people had not been standing right there , our kitchen would have gone up in flames .
 Toasts bread okay if you set the temp . numb to 400 degrees or less . Does okay as an electric oven.Timer broke after 6 months of light use.I do not recommend this product .
 Seller said this was a new item but package showed up looking like it made its way thru Karachi before it arrived . Breadcrumb tray door was cracked and broken . Other than that this is a great little oven , the seller should just be booted from Amazon .
 DO NOT BUY OSTER PRODUCTS . THEY ALWAYS BREAK DOWN ONCE THE WARRANTY ENDS !!!! Disappointment after disappointment after disappointment . I have tried many of their products and soon after the warranty ended , they all end up in the same place ... in the garbage can !
 My wife and I are very happy with this product . I 'm still getting used to using this great little toaster oven instead of the big regular oven . Saves on electricity ! Works and looks great . We liked it so much , that we got our son one for Christmas ! He loves his too .
 Okay , I just bought this and will be returning it to the store . Reasons ? To toast -LRB- which is what I do about 80-90 % of the time -RRB- you have to turn a knob past the 20 minute mark and then turn it back to some point between fully burned and lightly warmed . In the mornings , I need a button - that 's about all I can handle . Also , compared to my old , simple Black & Decker that just broke , your view of what 's inside is obstructed by a curved out top and the front is 90-degrees which , interestingly enough , makes it harder to see inside . Weird that I would notice but I guess I got accustomed to what I had before . Other than that , did n't keep it enough to test out the other features .
 I 'm trying to replace my trusty 12 + year old DeLonghi that got broken accidently.This Oster 6297 is the THIRD attempt at replacing the DeLonghi . Even DeLonghi is n't the same anymore . They are Chinese made junk.This Oster looks great BUT ... the thermostat is NOT accurate ... cooking a Stouffers Lasagna for 52 min . @ 350 yields a COLD center of Lasagna.The outside of this oven is DANGEROUS hot.The `` convection '' is useless , it neither saves time nor cooks better , in fact it DRIES out the food.The ergonomics of putting food in and taking food out is dangerous ... it 's VERY hard to take out the trays with any kind of weight on them without skinning your knuckles on hot glass . Stay away from this mess .
 At first I thought all the negative reviews were over the top . But now having lived with this product for the past several months I had to write one of my own.Like so many other reviewers , I can confirm that : - This oven is dangerous - this oven has electrical problems - the outside of this oven gets dangerously hot - the thermostat and timer are inaccurate and have both ceased to work reliably - the only thing that really continues to work is the rack - it still holds up food from off the element.And now that the oven started to smell like burning wires and started smoking , I am finally done with it . I 'm very disappointed considering what we spent on it - I expected a nicer product for this price -LRB- around $ 70 -RRB- . I would not recommend it to anyone .
 Went through half a loaf of bread before I got a slice of toast the was n't burned . The dial does n't work so well for smaller increments required for toasting bread . Not very impressed with the construction methods used either , through the inside of the door I easily could see the glue that had been used to help secure the door handle . Looked a bit rough for a toaster oven of this price .
 door broke immediately and would not close with out pulling up on it and holding down the top of the hot oven . Now after less than 6 months wo n't shut at all . Waste of money .
 I really was n't happy with this item . I had to rearange my countertop because the cord was way too short.Also , in order to toast , you have to turn the dial to 20 then back to the correct toasting time . It was a pain , and not consistant.I ended up returning it because it took forever to toast bread , and it just did a flat out awful job at it .
 When working , this is a very good toaster & oven ... However , we 've gone through 2 of them in the past 6 years . The first one died 3 years ago and now my current one wo n't shut off !!
 This appliance is terrible , the rack is designed wrong so you ca n't get anything out once they are hot . If you flip the rack over to overcome that problem , then the door does n't slide the rack out like it should . Its supposed to be able to cook frozen pizzas , they just droop and start buring on the edges while the center stays raw . My parents gave it to me after they tried it and decided it was too unsafe for their household -LRB- after it set some food on fire -RRB- .
 I am sad to say I had to return this oven . It works great , but it is extremely hot on sides and top , but even hotter on the polished metal trim around the front . If you can build a protective cabinet around it to protect from someone accidently bumping it while trying to reach for something , it would be a great oven to have . After having this oven for only one week , I had a guest injured with a severe painful burn on her forearm that will leave a permanant scar . The oven was placed on the countertop next to the range and while reaching over to turn off a burner her arm touched against the trim which was about 450 degrees ; the outer metal reaches the same temp as the oven setting .
 It may be a great , versatile toaster oven , but for just making toast it is not easy to use . There are three dials to set . Two can remain in a particular position if all you are making is toast -LRB- but check to make sure no one else change the settings -RRB- . The third is a * timer * that one must turn past a certain point and then back to the time one wants . The dial rotates 360 deg . For toast , the timer must be turned somewhere between 0 deg and 15 deg on the dial , a very small arc . The dial is small . The lettering is small . After a year we are still burning toast even though we know how to use it . It may be `` user error '' -LRB- we are not sure -RRB- , but if an appliance after a year still frequently results in frustrating errors , then there is some problem with the design.In summary , if you primarily want a toaster oven for making toast , look elsewhere .
 The first time I turned the oven on , it gave off a horrible chemical smell and set off the smoke alarm . Back it went to Amazon . Fortunately , Amazon was great about the return . Ended up getting a Krups toaster oven - more expensive , but no major issues yet .
 This toaster is very big & bulky on the countertop . I bought this toaster so we could do 6 slices - not really !! . It 's great to use to bake cookies and pizzas . Note of caution once the toaster gets hot it burns food , toast , etc fast ! Another fun thing is the door fell off - just after 1.5 years perfect after the warranty wore off . I am very disappointed and would not recommend this as buy .
 After owning this toaster , I ca n't really recommend it ... although it is stylish , roomy and worked well at first , after only 11 months one of the heating elements failed and it no longer cooks evenly.Liked : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Attractive look with black and chrome -LRB- 2 -RRB- Large capacity for a toaster oven -LRB- 3 -RRB- Timer shuts everything off , good safety and convenience -LRB- 4 -RRB- Mechanical controls are nice -LRB- more reliable ?? -RRB- Did n't like : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Died after less than 1 year , heating element melted into the ceiling of the oven -LRB- 2 -RRB- One dial for toast darkness and oven timer - so you get all of '' of turning the dial between light and burnt -LRB- 3 -RRB- Takes a long time to make toast the first time , then once oven has warmed up can be easy to overtoast -LRB- 4 -RRB- Easy to accidentally leave it in `` Bake '' mode and forget to put back into `` Toast '' mode - a dedicated toast button would be better
 Got this toaster oven in red when my little Black & Decker did n't survive a cross-country move . The only thing it did well was broil . Perfect for a couple of chops or round-eye steaks . Other than that , not worth the price . Toast is either not done or burned . Clean the outside once and color/finish goes to crap . The timer is really tricky if you set it for anything under 15 minutes . Also , the glass door is a b * t * h to clean and warped so that there is a gap on the upper right for heat to escape . If you 're looking for a good TOven , keep looking .
 After carefully looking at alternatives I purchased an Oster toaster oven at Target . The design was n't very good , but ... acceptable . Then it broke in the first month . Oster makes very poor quality products .
 Bought the toaster oven about 2 weeks ago.Oven temp does not go over 250 degrees unless you put it the dial on 400 degrees . Have returned the product and the service center said they would not refund me the money but that the company Sunbeam would send me another.Would never buy this brand again because of this.Also bought it for the toasting - takes a long time to make the toast.Very disappointing - can not recommend
 I purchased this for my mother . The first oven cord was hot when plugged in , the fan did not go on , and there was an electrical smell that came from it . We returned it , and the same thing happen with the second oven . Finally , we called Oster , they sent out a new oven , model 6058 and she is very happy with it .
 Pros
 Just terrible.Please save your money . Yes , it 's attractive looking but that 's all that 's good about it . Who ever designed the functionality of this toaster oven was on a different level.We live in a high tech age and I 'm all about that but keep toaster ovens simple to operate OK ? Turn the knob to `` toast '' and it works . I 'd be surprised if Oster really makes money on this one . It 's just a terrible product .
 I ' v had this toaster over for about 1 year now and now it takes longer to cook items . Pizza use to take about 10 mins . on toast now it takes about 13-15mins . Bagel use to take about 10 mins now it takes about 13 mins .
 I bought this oven , one year ago almost to the day from Amazon . Service was 100 % , however the oven was 100 % junk.The motor in it is very noisy after it is warmed up.It does not regulate temperature well at all.The door on it now does not open , but jams making it impossible toopen with out forcing it open.The broiler part on it , no longer works , which stopped some time ago.The black enamel on it is stained from cleaning it with detergents , mainly dish washing liquid.The door does not shut tightly at all , but is open at the bottom a good3/8 '' of an inch or more.The unit is of very poor construction and quality overall.The rear of this unit gets very hot , BEWARE !!!!!!!! I bought this unit to cook various finger type foods . I do not use it all the time , but one or two days a week only . For what I paid for this unit on Dec. 17 , 07 @ 59.99 , I was taken to the cleaners . Do yourself a huge favor , and buy something else . I have replaced it with a GE some time ago and it is performing extremely well . The Oster , is going in the trash on the next pickup . Oh , I would not even give this junk a star , but it is required to do so .
 This oven takes way to long to make toast . As the other reviews have mentioned , the setting is hard to select and you end up baking the bread before it toasts.Oven door closes just fine without the rack , but strangely , there is a gap when the rack is in.Oh , and it just quit on me one day -LRB- about 13 months after I purchased it ! -RRB- Stay away !
 I was very disappointed in the Red Oster Toaster Oven . When I put it on my counter , with the cabinets above , it did not look at all red ; it looked black . The cord touched the back a little and it got really hot , and put out a smell that lasted one hour after it was unplugged , before it went away . The toaster has no setting so you have to just guess . I sent it back for a refund .
 Honestly , this is n't a bad toaster . It 's just not a good one , either . My biggest complaint is that toast put on the bottom rack burns on the bottom before the top side even gets warm . The rack is just too close to the heater . My second complaint is that the timer -LRB- although a nice feature -RRB- , makes a loud ticking sound that can be heard several rooms away . When I put in a waffle in the morning , the ticking sounds make me feel like I 'm in a race to get ready for the day . Finally , the dial system that the toaster has is not too intuitive . On several occassions , I 've set the dial to `` toast '' , and turned on the timer , only to come back when it 's done to fine the bread still untoasted because I forgot to set the temperature dial . It should n't take three dials to make toast.Once you get used to the idea of not using the bottom rack for toast , the crazy dials , and the loud timer , the toaster is n't that bad . There 's still enough room for four bread slices on the top rack , and if you use the tray as a buffer , the bottom rack works fine for pizza or other foods . But I 'm sure there are better toaster ovens out there for the price .
 I had the appliance for less than a month when it exploded frin the back of the oven and started a small fire . I would strongly advise against purchasing this product .
 I am not the proud owner of your 6 Slice Stainless Steel Toaster Oven 6297 . As soon as I bought it , I found that the aluminum exterior gets too hot and I burnt myself many times . If I had small children I would have returned it . But since I do not small children , I continued using it with extreme care . I did have to buy a regular toaster because the toaster was too slow to make toast and I did not want to constantly get burnt.Last night as I opened the toaster oven door , I saw two great flashes . After investigating the problem , I found that the back exterior of the toaster oven was so hot that it had singed the electric cord of my regular toaster . Now I have to go buy another toaster . If it singed the electric cord of the other appliance , how long will it be before is singes its own cord?I do n't know how they were able to put this product on the market.I THINK THEY SHOULD RECALL YOUR PRODUCT .
 Even after reading the reviews , I decided to give this product a try . How bad could it be ? Turns out it could be as bad as people said it was!It does look good ... But , the smooth glossy finish shows marks and scratches -LRB- out of the box -RRB- . It takes 3 dials to make toast ... The analog timer used to turn the toaster function on and off is a pain . You have to turn it past the 20 minute mark and forcefully back to the toast settings -- or it wo n't function properly -LRB- i.e. , turn off -RRB- . To turn it off early , you have to turn the timer forcefully off . The dials feel cheap and do n't inspire confidence that they will last long . Thanks to the warnings in other reviews , I did n't cut my fingers on the sharp edges of the cheap poorly designed broiling pan and insert . The provided pan is extremely small for such a big oven . An after market pan would be required to take advantage of the oven 's size -LRB- e.g. , to cook a chicken vs. a chicken leg -RRB- . Also , it did n't come with two racks -- just one ... The crumb tray is easy access , but flat ... Crumbs get caught on the lower heating elements and wind up on the bottom of the oven . They also roll off the crumb tray onto the floor while being transported to the trash bin or sink , since there 's really no lip to stop them.Though you expect an oven to be hot to the touch , the top of this one could double as a frying pan ! In the 7 minutes it took to -LRB- unevenly -RRB- toast a bagel , it got frightenly hot to the point where I thought is was going to start a fire.After returning my purchase and rethinking my expectations , I settled on the Krups FBC2 which borders on 5 star reviews -- and lives up to the reviews as much as this piece of junk lives down to the reviews.If you have low expectations and/or a limited budget , this one looks nice and sort of works . But , there are much better products out there if quality is important .
 Under no circumstances should you buy this attractive toaster . There appears to be a design defect which causes the back of the toaster to get VERY hot -LRB- or at least much hotter than other toasters -RRB- and can cause items near it to catch fire . I had a small fire in my kitchen due to this toaster . It is unsafe .
 The chrome accent around the front of the unit discolored from the heat the very first time I used it .
 I made the mistake of buying this from Amazon about 5 months ago and not returning it , mostly out of laziness and figuring it would do okay . Every single thing I bake in this oven cooks way faster on the left side . I have to take out a pizza and rotate it so it does n't get burned on one side . Pizzas are generally undercooked in the middle , and the toppings and outside edge are always black . Same thing happens with garlic bread , sandwiches , etc. . Sometimes stuff cooks too fast , sometimes takes forever.I 've not found 1 thing that this oven can do better than the $ 25 toaster oven I bought at Walmart 10 years ago . As far as the design goes , the temperature dial is horrible . The graduations are seemingly random -- you ca n't tell if you have it on 375 degrees because the graduations are n't broken into logical chunks . You just guess for some temperatures . It 's also noisy as hell . I ca n't tell you how much I regret not returning this . I am going to throw it out and buy something else .
 I 've had this less than a month and it started making an awful noise during the baking process . Toasting is fine . I 've contacted the seller Beach Camera -LRB- not sure why they sell appliances , but oh well -RRB- to see if they will return it for a refund . I definitely do n't want another one like it.Proceed with caution .
 I must admit I rarely give feedback to items I buy but I have to on this . I read a few that I thought were ridiculous but now that I just received and used the toaster , I feel they have a good point.The toaster get 's hot around all sides . This did n't happen with my previous Delonghi EO1270B . It might not be an issue with your setup but mine is that I have to have it in front of the outlet so the wires are bunched behind the toaster . The instructions say not to have anything within 6 inches ... including wires ... because it gets REALLY HOT . Therefore , you can not push the toaster flush against the wall . Not to mention , you have to make sure that the electrical chord is not touching the hot sides . Very difficult . Not sure why they did n't wrap the outsides with the plastic stuff that protects the handle from getting hot.Seriously , The sides and back are VERY HOT . The DeLonghi did n't have this issue.My other qualm is that to toast , you need to turn the nob past the 20 minutes to initiate . Then you need to set the nob back to the area that indicates the amount of darkness you want the toast . Not a big pain but just not necessary . DeLonghi just made you turn the timer . My issue with the DeLonghi was that the fuse blew after only 3 years . I guess that 's probably not bad but I could n't fix it so I figured it was bad design.Keep in mind , I just got this toaster so maybe it 's just newbie concerns . Ca n't believe I 'm writing about a toaster but I really wish I just stuck with what I know and listened to the 2 star comments .
 This product is the worst yet ! If you are looking for a multi-functional toaster oven this is NOT it . The temperature is inconsistent , most foods I have tried to bake take twice as long and cook very uneven ; burnt on the outside , raw in the middle . Toaster function usually dose not toast at all or burns to a crisp . Do n't be fooled by the high price , you wo n't get your money 's worth !
 I do NOT recommend this toaster oven . First , it does n't make very good toast . We make toast almost daily and it is very difficult to set the toast timer so it will come out consistently the same . There is n't anything that you can adjust and then leave it there . It has a timer that has to be turned on every time you make toast and it is very inconsistent . So one day the bread is warm but not toasted at all and the next it comes out black in spots ! Also , it really only toasts well in the center of the oven so 4 slices all get a partial toast/blackening depending on how the timer is working today . It is only a good toaster for ONE slice of bread placed in the exact center and only if you 're willing to stand over it and watch until your toast is the right shade . The oven/broiler part did seem to work OK , but we only use that occasionally . The thing that REALLY upsets me is that we 've had this thing for exactly 9 months and it has quit working and will no longer heat ! What a joke ! I 've had other Oster appliances that I 've been very happy with and I bought this partially based on the brand , but NO MORE ! I 'm going back to the cheaper GE models that last 3 or 4 years !
 I just bought this toaster oven from the store . I unpack and prepare the toaster to be used for the first time . Here is what I find : - My first attempt to toast -LRB- with no bread inside -RRB- I see lots of smoke coming from the side of the unit . I did not see any fire and there was nothing inside unit that could have been burning so it must have been the unit itself - For the unit to toast , it takes a VERY LONG time to heat up . It seemed like 5-6 minutes per toast . - The top of the unit was very hot ... but to my surprise , the front of the unit was VERY VERY hot . So hot that it would burn any child.I 've had to replace several toaster ovens and this is by far the worse yet .
 This toaster oven should be removed from the market -- and any others made the same way . I did a test on the toast function with no food the day the oven arrived . It got so hot on the top surface that it sizzeled water -- it would seriously burn you !!! It should never be used with children around . I have a Black & Decker that has developed minor thermostat problems -- that 's the reason for this purchase . The B & D gets warm on the top -- but never HOT . I have returned this Oster .
 My husband and I bought this because we wanted something with a larger toasting capacity than our trusted old Black and Decker . With two racks , we thought it would be perfect - but we were WRONG , WRONG , WRONG.I 'll begin by saying what we DO like about this toaster oven . It is very easy to clean due to the removable crumb tray , and all surfaces wipe down easily . Also , the broil function was very effective . Finally , -LRB- and I know this is pretty shallow -RRB- it is very attractive ! Friends and family have commented on its appearance . Other than that , there 's not much to like.First , you ca n't toast using both racks - if you do , the top bread gets completely blackened on the top and underdone on the bottom , with the opposite happening for the bread on the bottom rack . You are reduced to using only one rack , which must be repositioned to sit pretty much in the middle of the oven to be effective . There is also the issue of bread position on the racks - it ca n't be too far forward or back , because only part of the bread gets toasted if you do n't center the slice perfectly.Second , the timer mechanism makes for highly variable results . Namely , it does n't always turn off when it should and scorches the bread.Finally , it takes FOREVER to toast anything ! We 're talking in excess of 5 minutes for light to medium toasting - YIKES ! It 's like waiting for water to boil ... If you intend on using this to toast anything , I would recommend that you keep looking . Otherwise , you might be very happy with it . Good luck !
 Between my office , my home , and my parents , we all have this model toaster oven . We all got it from Costco for about the same price.As an oven and toaster it works great - You do have to be a little careful about toast since its easy to burn bread if you 're not careful about the settings.But the one thing I wanted to share with everyone is that they need to be EXTREMELY CAREFUL because the built in timer does not always function properly.Usually you turn the knob which is like an egg timer , when it hits zero , it is supposed to turn the oven off.Unfortunately , if you are doing a short period of time -LRB- for example , under 5 minutes -RRB- , the timer is PRONE TO BECOMING STUCK BEFORE REACHING ZERO , AND THUS WILL NOT AUTOMATICALLY TURN OFF THE OVEN , NOR MAKE A DING.This makes it extremely dangerous in that if you are not constantly watching your oven , you will either burn your food to a crisp , or worse , start a fire.All three ovens we have purchased exhibit this issue .
 i had this toaster for less than a year when it caught on fire after less than one minute of being turned on . I clean out the crumb catcher religiously so there is no reason that it should have been on fire-but it was . Thank god I had a fire extinguisher on hand . If you want to buy this , then make sure you can stand in front of it and ensure it does n't go up in flame every time you toast .
 I 've been looking for a decent toaster oven for quite a while and have been using Black & Decker without much luck . Tried the Oster recently and have been pleasantly surprised with the quality . One major drawback is that the silver piece right above the door gets extremely hot and I 've been burned the first few times . Otherwise the product is exactly what I 've been looking for and I am very happy with the overall oven .
 I used this toaster oven for a few months and it worked well . One day I used it on the broil setting at 450 degrees for 30 minutes . The screws holding the plastic handle got so hot that they melted the handle which then fell off . Rather than sending this back in to end up in a landfill , I used two cabinet knobs and some high temperature silicone adhesive to fix the problem . This is a poor design . The handle should not be plastic .
 I will NEVER buy another Oster product after owning this one . I bought this toaster oven about 6 months ago , primarily to make toast , reheat pizza , etc. . It has done all of these things poorly . To add insult to injury it just quit . To only last 6 months makes me livid . Do not buy this oven !
 We 're bringing this one back to target today . It looks stylish and the pictures on the box show it cooking up racks of lamb and salmon steaks . But hey I just want it to make a decent slice of toast ! Which it does n't . The outside housing gets very hot on all sides . There are other toaster ovens out there that do not . The timer is junk . The first setting on this wind up timer is 10 minutes ? with 4 miniscule hash marks between the 10 min mark and off . It has 2 racks inside , one very close to the top burner and one all the way down at the bottom . If you use either one you 'll end up with lopsided toast . I was constantly having to open it up and flip my toast over so it would toast on the other side . My wife burner her hand trying to flip a waffle . You also have to keep an eye on it because if you set it to 10 min you 've got burnt toast , and if you try and set it to one of the other 4 hash marks you never know what you 'll get . Do n't buy this unless you 're looking for something to make racks of lamb and salmon steaks .
 This toaster oven works very well funtionally . I am not crazy about spring wound timers for toasting though . They make your toast slightly warm or incinerated with nothing in between.However , if you toast more than 1 thing in a row this unit begins to stink of toasted plastic or some thing awful . I am sending it back if I can .
 This oven was cheap & I did like the crumb tray , but get a non-stick toaster oven liner for even more ease and quick clean time . . Other than that , I hated it . I have 4 kids under 4 so I NEED a toaster oven for an extension of cooking family meals , frozen pizzas -LRB- the full sizers -RRB- baking and the like . Toast does take forever - Big oven , long heating time-obvious . The crank toast knob can not be set up easily . It is not a firm grasp so you ca n't get it set perfectly . Every time I used it it would either burn the rats out of the food or it would shut off while it was still slated to keep going according to the markings - it would n't ding so it took way too much time . I do n't have oodles of time to sit and stare at an appliance to make sure nothing burns or stops . I use a toaster for just about every meal and snacks plus baking in between , so I used her about 50 times and nothing was consistant at all . Stay away even though the reviews are not bad . Back to the research desk ...
 I bought this oven with moderate expectations . What I 've found is the oven works great , but the toaster wo n't heat . I 'm getting rid of this and never buying another Oster toaster again .
 The timing knob is difficult to grasp and turn . Ours broke after 8 months of use . I liked my cheaper Black & Decker toaster oven better . This one takes twice as long to warm food . It also burns easily on certain settings . Wish I never bought it . I do like the looks of this though and the pull-out crumb tray is great but that is about it .
 This thing busted after just 2 years of use . It actually cooked great up until the end . Now it does n't even turn on ...
 This is almost the size of a microwave oven . It is easily the slowest toaster I have ever used . It 's a decent oven and can hold a lot of food . A full dinner plate can fit in this unit . I do not like the cheap twist timer , it 's just not accurate but who cares ? It takes so long to toast you end up standing by it waiting and waiting and ...
 I loved this toaster oven until it quit working 3 years after I bought it . My last toaster oven lasted 13 years , and my mom 's last one lasted 15 years , so I really expected at least a decade out of this thing . It seems to be an electrical problem , because it sometimes worked and sometimes did n't for a couple months , then totally quit . The timer makes clicking sounds but it does n't heat up and the indicator light does n't come on . Anyway , it was a bummer . So if you want a toaster oven that will last a few years , this is a great one . If you expect your small appliances to last longer than a pet hamster , you might want to look elsewhere .
 The actual dimensions inside and outside are smaller than the Amazon website lists it . I wanted a bigger one , so returned the Oster back .
 What a disappointment from a reputable household name . The iron just kept dripping as I was ironing , and some of the heated drops landed on my foot , which hurt . The steam function does not work for clothes that are hung - it only works when the iron is flat on a surface . If left vertical , the iron would spit out water . The iron was hot enough to get wrinkles out , but as the iron dripped , cloth would bubble up , thereby sabotaging any areas that had been flattened successfully . The only good quality I found about this iron was that it could be disassembled into a very compact unit for travel . I will be returning mine soon enough !
 I was going to buy 5 of these tree ring soaker hoses because it looks like it would work well but at check out the shipping cost more than the hoses . $ 45 in shipping fees is not worth it .
 The quality of the this product is perfect . It is very elegant . The description says `` black and white '' . The color is cream instead of white . I am sending back . It does not match my office color scheme and makes the drapery look dirty . The price was the best on the internet . Sorry I could not make it work .
 This could hardly be considered a travel clock . It was huge ! I was not impressed .
 I ordered two of this frame ; an 11 x 14 and a 16 x 20 . They arrived quickly but the 16 x 20 frame 's glass was broken . They sent a replacement and that was broken as well ! No issues with the 11 x 14 frame at all . The packaging was poor . The wood is good quality and the frame does not look cheap . Wish it would have arrived in one piece !
 I am not even going to comment on the actual frame itself , because I never even bothered taking the bubble wrap off . I ordered the 11x14 frame twice , and BOTH times the glass arrived shattered , just like another reviewer . I was going to keep the second one , ask for a refund , and then just go have a piece of glass made , but Amazon said they would not issue a refund unless I returned the item . I asked if I could order a third one but have special care taken so it did n't happen again , but the woman said it 's likely it WOULD happen again , so she would n't even bother . AN EMPLOYEE of Amazon is telling me it 's likely that the frame would arrive broken again , rather than accommodating my request for better packaging ! Horrible . She also said I could n't re-order the frame for a third time anyway , because their system does n't allow it . So now I 'm stuck having to trouble myself with returning the frame again because of their mistake . And I REALLY wanted this frame , as I was having trouble finding this size and color at a good price . I 'm beyond annoyed . I would n't chance ordering it , unless you want to deal with multiple returns - or unless you 're feeling lucky .
 This frame says it 's made out of `` real wood '' but it has some sort of plaster over the wood which cracks off . It also has hairline cracks all over and a poor paint job . It has a high gloss , which was not what I was looking for . This was my first time ordering an Imperial Frame and I definitely would n't do it again .
 When my trusty Sony Dream Machine was doused with water , recently , it still functioned well as an alarm clock , but the snooze feature had apparently given up the ghost . I found this clock online and it reviewed fairly well . The features were what i thought I needed and the `` Smartset '' feature was very appealing as i would never have to reset the clock again.Unfortunately , right out of the box the time zone setting was incorrect for the stated default Eastern time zone and I had to set it up manually . No big deal i thought and the clock worked very well ... Until this morning when it would refuse to display the time , sound the alarm or even play the radio . All of this after only owning it for 2 weeks . I thought the warranty would be helpful , but at a shipping cost of $ 9.00 , it apparently is another way for Emerson to make money.i have since taken that $ 9.00 cost and applied it to the purchase of an updated Sony Dream Machine !
 I opened my product and inside was a nice note from the manufacturer . Due to changes in daylight savings time , beginning in 2007 , you will need to change this product 's time setting 4 times a year in order to be accurate.Keep in mind that for any clock not as `` smart '' as this one , you 'd only need to change it 2 times a year . That 's right , this clock is actually LESS useful , and MORE problematic than another clock without the `` smartset '' feature.I would n't have a problem with this if I had bought the product before congress changed daylight savings time , but they thought it was enough to include a note rather than actually FIX THEIR PRODUCT!I intend to return this thing tomorrow .
 seemed to be fine - in fact we liked it so much we bought another similar model as a gift . . but now almost 2 years later - it has begun failing bit by bit ... first we could n't change the alarm time - button would n't work - then it went off by itself on a saturday -LRB- weekends were off -RRB- ... now a few months after that - 4-5 buttons have no effect . . nada - dont work ... its a piece of junk ... i have never had an alarm die so fast -- i still have alarm clocks from HIGH SCHOOL -LRB- so 20 plus years old . -RRB- that work fine . it is n't rocket science . i checked emerson radios website for warranty repair -LRB- to see if i could contact customer service -RRB- - there is no email for customer service , only a phone # - and a note stating to return to an address after getting return auth from customer service - and to include NINE dollars for repair -LRB- nice warranty -RRB- -- the clock itself was around 20.00 - so charging 1/2 of that to get it repaired -LRB- in warranty -- cause it does n't differentiate between in and out of warranty customers -RRB- is pretty ridiculous . . especially since us postal flat rate for this item would be around 5.00 ...
 I have owned my little gem for a few months now and all of a sudden , the little red light is lit telling me that my battery is low . I took it to a dozen stores and have not been able to find a replacement 3 volt button cell for this unit . The radio reception is fair for FM and just forget about trying it on AM . I sent an email to Emerson to see what they have to say . Put your money in a Sony .
 I too liked the automatic clock setting feature . I like of all my timepieces having the `` correct '' time especially if there in areas of my home where changing the time is troublesome . Additionally , if you in in a building where the power was a little sketchy -LRB- power constantly flickering or going out -RRB- , this clock and its price seemed too good as it would automatically set itself when the power was restored.Now for drawbacks ... The LED is very bright ! I have trouble sleeping with clock near my bed . -LRB- Hint
 I love the concept and the price of this clock and bought two of them based on the reviews I read here , but I ca n't sleep with this clock in my room ! It is SOOOO bright - even with the dimmer on low . I could actually read a book by it ! I 'm looking elsewhere for a clock that actually lets me get some sleep . Sorry this one was n't it .
 Do n't let the `` SmartSet '' fool you . This is not an atomic clock nor does it set itself via radio waves to a precise time.This is simply an alarm clock with a backup lithim CR2430 battery . When the AC power goes out the regular battery keeps running , but the display is shutoff.When power comes back on all the clock is really doing is using the same time that the backup battery kept . So the fancy display you see when plugging it in is just the stored memory time coming back.They set the correct time at the factory before shipping . So brand new the clock is set.When my 3V battery died I had to go to 2 different stores -LRB- Walmart first , then finally Radioshack -RRB- to get a $ 5 replacement battery . I 've had the clock for only 6 months.Upon installing the new battery and plugging the clock in it did NOT set itself automatically . Instead it simply went to Jan 1 , 2005 . I had to manually set the date and time.I believe their other `` SmartSet '' clocks are the same . If the battery ever dies and you lose AC power the clock loses its time setting and you have to MANUALLY set it .
 This is not stainless steel . It ca n't be . At first I thought it worked great , even though it discolored and could n't be cleaned enough to restore the original look , but after a few uses , It started to get rusty , even without obvious moisture EVER left on the surface . Not blackened or stained , but flat out rusted . Now , without ever using it again , and keeping it stored in fully enclosed , completely protected cabinet in its accompanying bag -LRB- put away dry -RRB- , we opened it this season to find it COVERED with rust and totally unusable . Lots of money for a 4-5 use item .
 This is 430 grade stainless steel , as stated in the product description .430 grade steel RUSTS , stains and corrodes . Google it , About 's site has good info.It is NOT 304 grade stainless , which is more expensive and less prone to rust and corrosion.If you think rust or corrosion adds flavor to your food , this grill may fit the bill .
 I 've ordered this frame three times . Each time i got it the glass was broken and the wood was scratched up from the glass . So I really ca n't comment on the frame because I have yet to see a complete , undamaged one . If i were you I would be very cautious on what you buy .
 My wife and I were excited about this machine after we read the reviews . But the icecream texture is too rough for our taste , we have tried sorbet and icream recepies and it is never smooth ... you can feel the little ice crystals . It is very fast though , under 30 minutes you 'll have your icecream , but if you just mix your fruit with frozen milk or cream and have a very good blender , you 'll get very similar results ... I would not have bought it if I had tried it first . Maybe the blade is too slow , or it freezes too fast , whatever it is , is not great texture icecream , that 's for sure . Not gelato , that 's is for sure !!! After a few more weeks of use , we have tried some good recepies and you get somewhat better results , so I guess the recepie has a lot to do with it , but do not expect that you blend milk , sugar , fruit and put it in this thing and presto ... if you want good icecream you 'll have to cook it right before you put it on ... maybe it was just my ignorance on how icecream is made ...
 The reason I ordered the Lello 4070 Gelato Junior was because of all the positive reviews , the price was right , and from the description it appeared to be a neat little machine . I 'm not in the position to make a critique of the pros & cons of this machine because I never got a chance to use it . Upon receiving the package , I was loaded with excitement . I unpacked it to find a very sleek-looking icecream maker . It appeared to be in MINT condition . I set it up on my countertop , poured in some cream just to see if it worked , plugged it in , turned on the power , set the timer , and pushed the start button . The paddle started moving very slowly , then 20 seconds passed and the paddle stopped moving , and then a few seconds later the digital timer started beeping , signaling me that there was a problem . In the instructions , it said that the beeper will alert you if the paddles gets stuck . Well , it certainly DID get stuck ! Infact , when I turned the machine off and disassembled the motor which runs the paddle from the machine , the paddle would n't even budge , I could n't rotate it even a quarter turn . I called Lello Customer Service , and after some troubleshooting , the Lello Rep concluded that the Motor/Lead Assembly Unit -LRB- the motor that churns the icecream -RRB- needed to be replaced . Well , the bottom line is that I just received this machine today , and I 'm not in the mood to wait a week or two for the replacement part to arrive . Because of all the pleasant reviews , I had very high hopes for this machine , and all my hopes were shattered after I turned it on . I emailed Amazon and told them I wanted a refund . Fortunately they 're going to pay the return shipment fees , only I get stuck having paid $ 85.00 for overnight delivery of the machine to my home . I HIGHLY suggest that if anyone is going to buy this machine , choose the Super Saver Free Shipping at Checkout . It 'll save you a lot of headaches when you plug your machine in and find-out it does n't work . I gave this machine a 1-star rating because of my bad out-of-box experience . Like I said , I do n't know if it 's a good machine or not , because I never got a chance to use it . My suggestion to anybody looking for a good icecream maker is to buy the more expensive model Musso 4080 Lussino Dessert Maker . I ca n't critique that machine either because I 've never used it . But where the Lello lacks in quality with it 's cheap plastic parts , the Musso more than makes up for , with it 's ALL stainless-steel body and parts . As soon as my refund has been processed , I 'm buying the Musso 4080 Lussino Dessert Maker .
 WHAT 'S WRONG WITH YOU?I spent about $ 155 with you Amazon Guys and ANOTHER $ 90 for duties , customs and re-sipping to my place in Mexico . I finally have it and I just knew this is a pre-owned one . Even the instruction manual comes with pencil marks for every where specially over the times 20-30 minute notes . It seems somebody was previosly upset with you and maybe cause the ice cream maker is not working as expected to.I see there is no sense to read all your feedbacks and reviews because all is real waste of time and all because of you Amazon guys ! . It seems to be a real hoax to me ! . Exchanges from people to people so the house never loose ! . Shame on you Amazon Guys!I 'll test it after a while to let oil down and will post my results . But actualy would bet it will not work properly .
 This item is marketed as a Gelato maker . However it is an ice cream maker , not a Gelato maker . Big Difference ! Gelato is made from milk and contains only milk fat . This product requires heavy cream .
 1 . Machine is too large and terribly heavy . Awkward to use and takes up counter space .2 . Instructions say 25 minutes for most recipes . Wrong ! Make it an hour and still not firm ice cream or sorbet .3 . $ 135.00 has been wasted.Need to just get out old fashion crank ice cream maker and turn for 25 minutes.Would not suggest for anyone .
 I love this product as it is quiet and makes just enough ice cream for two of us . We make several different flavors so we have plenty for guests . I have experimented with several recipes I found on the internet . There are recipes out there that do not cost a lot of money and are truely delicious . I would buy it again in a heart beat .
 Unit arrived broken -LRB- you could hear the screws rattling around on the inside -RRB- . Took several days , several e-mails and several phone calls to actually get to someone from Lello customer service . They said send the broken part to them -LRB- which I did , at a cost of $ 15.00 -RRB- and they would ship another one right out . Three weeks passed ... another round of calls to Lello -LRB- most of which go through to an answering machine -RRB- . They said that they were out of stock and would send me another part when they arrived from Italy in a month . Eight weeks later , no part , no answer from Lello . I would n't ever buy one of their products again . This one is going back to Amazon . It might be great if it works , but who can tell if it 's broken upon arrival and you ca n't get it fixed ?
 I purchased the Lello 4070 in March 2009 in order to upgrade from a cheap ice cream machine that had a canister that had to be kept in the freezer at all times if I wanted to make ice cream on a whim . I wanted the convenience of this type of machine & the space back in my freezer . I have to say that I 've never been happy with this ice cream maker 's performance . I wish now that I 'd paid more for a better quality product . I bought the machine based on the good reviews and am disappointed . The quality of the ice cream it produced was never better than my previous machine which was a $ 30 Deni machine ! The other problem is that you can only put very small quantities of custard -LRB- 2 cups to be exact -RRB- in the canister at a time and since most custard batches produce more than 2 cups - that would mean I would need to run each batch of ice cream in two parts . That 's not very convenient nor timely . The biggest problem is that after only using the machine 4 times - it seems to have died ! Every time I plug the machine in , it trips the fuse and will not turn on under any circumstances . I 'm left with either sending the ice cream maker to Lello repair which does n't appeal as I kind of hate the machine or getting a partial refund from Amazon . Save yourself the hassle and invest in a better machine . It 's not very good and I ca n't really recommend it to anyone . It underwhelms in it 's performance ...
 This was a great product for the 4 months in which I was able to use it . You mix up your ice cream , pour it in , and hit 2 buttons . One for the machine , and one for the mixer . A dream come true.However , after 4 months of use mine has stopped working . It simply does not cool anymore . Do not let this happen to you!If you value a machine that will last , then this is not the machine for you .
 I bought this for a friend as a gift . After returning the second defective unit , we decided to try another brand
 Well , folks , here 's the news flash
 When I first got this machine it worked very nicely , you get very creamy ice cream in about 20-25 minutes . Just after the 1 year warranty expired the machine stopped freezing , meaning that the motor is working but the mixture is not getting cold , so something with the cooling system went bad . If you get this machine I will recommend you to use it as much as possible during the first year so if it breaks you are still cover for the warranty .
 I was so excited as this was a Christmas gift and we had been looking forward to receiving and using it for quite a while . I also purchased David Lebovitz 's The Perfect Scoop to go along with it . My son and I prepped the vanilla ice cream recipe and got it all into the Gelato maker . I followed the instructions in the barely useful handbook which comes with the machine . I set the timer for 30 minutes , pressed the start/stop button to begin the process and within 5 seconds the thing starts beeping ! Tried again , and the same thing happens , over and over and over . If we let it go , the blade eventually stops spinning , and all the while the timer does not count down but just beeps incessantly . The ice cream is n't even hardened at all ! The machine is getting cold , that 's for sure . All in all , a huge Christmas disappointment . And after reading the terrible customer service reviews , I am not too sure about what can be done . I really wanted to like this . We were looking forward to homemade ice cream whenever we wanted to have it . I have n't been able to find a solution to this problem online anywhere , nor have I found a useful website for the company , under any name it goes by .
 Other than the fact that this machine does n't require ice , and does n't require freezing a cylinder , it 's no different than any cheaper ice cream machine that 's out there . I think I 'll go back to my $ 69 cuisinart even though the cylinder requires freezing ... because this Lello just does n't make a large enough batch to make it worth your time.Supposedly this machine makes a whole quart , but you 'll have a mess if you fill it more than half full and expect it to whip up to the rim . So 1/2 full with 4/5 full at the end of the batch is about all you can expect . And 4/5 of a quart is not very much ice cream for an ice cream lover!Like other home-ice-cream-machines , the ice cream is delicious when it 's soft -LRB- just-made -RRB- ... but once you put it into the freezer it gets hard as a rock . I guess one just needs commercial ice cream mix with all those gums and thickeners to make scoopable ice cream?I had high hopes for this machine based on the reviews , but now I 'm wondering who is writing most of the glowing praise.And someone please tell me why they ca n't come up with rubber beaters or something other than plastic that scratches the canister ? The plastic beaters damage the can , so they ca n't make them to scrape all the way to the can ... leaving a lot of frozen gunk on the inside of the canister .
 When it 's working it 's fine , but it rarely is working.I have owned this machine for approx . two years . In that time I may have used ta half dozen time and had the `` the churn motor '' once last year . This year when I decided to use itit would not churn even though I may have used it only twice since replacing it.Now I am stuck with a huge expensive appliance which is useless for churning ice cream.DON ' T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON ANY ITALIAN DESIGNED MACHINE .
 After receiving the product I found no recipes for gelato . I called the distributor who informed me that this was not capable of making gelato but was for ice cream , sorbets , sherberts , ices etc. I asked why it was named `` Gelato '' and was told the owner was Italian and that gelato was Italian for ice cream . IT IS NOT ITLALIAN FOR ICE CREAM ! It is a dessert only similar to American ice cream . I think this is deceptive naming and Amazon should not be carrying this product or at the VERY least insist on a disclaimer within the product description that it is not suitable for making gelatos .
 The first time I used this machine it worked okay - not fabulous , not even good , just okay . The ice cream was still soft after almost an hour 's churning , but it did finish fairly well after being frozen in the freezer . The second time I used the machine , I experienced the problem that other people have mentioned
 I 've decided to give this machine one more chance . The Lello Service Dept is sending me out a replacement Churn Motor for the paddle . If it still does n't work , then it 's going back to Amazon for a refund , and then I 'm going to get the Musso 4080 Lussino Icecream maker , which is ALL stainless steel , including the paddle . I 'll let you know how it goes . My hopes are still high , and I have n't given-up hope yet . I want very much to believe that the Lello is a HIGH-QUALITY machine . Just two more days until my replacement part arrives . I have to admit though , it 's just a little disheartening when your hopes are so high , and then to be let down like this , with Amazon sending me a defective machine . But , we 'll see . I have a feeling this replacement part will do the trick .
 Unfortunately , I regret my purchase . There are smaller products on the market that are just as good and MUCH less expensive . When it was still working , it constantly beeped and was very annoying . Then the motor stopped working . I called customer service and they sent a new motor , but it was the wrong model . I have contacted them again , but they have not responded . Also , be aware that the time it takes to make ice cream with any type of firmness about triple what the product book says . Sorry I had to be so negative as I really wanted this to be an awesome machine .
 Churn motor broke down after less that 10 uses -LRB- after 30 days -RRB- Now I ca n't return , ca n't repair , ca n't replace it.It really sucks
 I purchased this machine because of its high star rating from so many other customers . The machine worked fine the first time I used it although it took an hour for the ice cream to get to a firmer consistency . The next night when I wanted to use my gelato maker again -- it did n't work . I turned the machine on and the churn paddle would no longer turn ! I called customer support listed in the manual , and they were of no help . Save your money and buy a different machine !! I wish I had !
 I 've had this machine for about a year and at first it made really great ice cream ... but things have recently started to change . First , the control panel became disconnected from the top of the machine . Shortly afterward , the mechanism -LRB- black rubber knob -RRB- that provides power to the churn mechanism fell down into the casing . Since I am overseas and it is very expensive to ship this heavy machine for repairs , I decided to see if I could repair it myself . After wrestling with non-standard screws that hold the case in place , I discovered that both the control panel and the black rubber knob were held in place by very flimsy plastic brackets and metal screws . These brackets had broken apart in several places , leaving the machine unusable . Buyer beware - as usual , you get what you pay for .
 Right at the first batch , after turning the machine on , I got the error of `` stuck rotor '' . I had to reset the unit every five minutes so the rotor could blend the ice cream base . It took about 2 hours to notice a slightly frozen cream . Each and every component of this Lello machine is cheap and most likely this is the worst product I ever purchased -LRB- till today -RRB- . If you are serious about getting an ice cream machine , stay away from Lello . I 'm convinced that even for Chinese products stadard , this is is a total failure .
 I am on my 2nd gelato junior in less than 90 days and find that Amazon will not take this second defective machine back for full credit . The first one I ordered actually lasted longer than the replacement . Amazon promptly replaced the first one although the replacement showed up weeks before it was supposed to be available.The first time I used this second machine , a screw fell out of the motor assembly and it now will no longer turn the blade at all . I do n't use these machines weekly and did not realize I only had 30 days or I would have tried it again sooner . Of course , you would n't think you would get two in a row that are defective ... Reading other reviews , I can see that this is not an isolated situation . I will go to the company next but it appears that no one has good luck going that route . I thought this was priced too attractively but you must get what you pay for -- at least in this case.By the way , other reviewers are correct , the documents that come with this model are virtually worthless in terms of troubleshooting .
 It is a name for the machine , and it ends there.I admit to thinking it was a real Gelato machine . It is not.It does the same thing that any other machine will do-except press and fold the mixture to a dense Gelato consistancy-That must still be done by hand : -LRB- On a lighter note , it does freeze as expected -- and for the ice cream or italian ice artisans , this machine will not do you wrong . It freezes well , and and does not make much noise either.I am giving it two stars because I believe the name of the machine `` Gelato '' is very misleading.Thanks , AnnaMarieNB
 I read all of the reviews good and bad and on balance thought this thing was worth a try . When it arrived , it was clear that it was a reconditioned unit , something several people had observed also happened to them . It even had gelato mix on the cord ! Nonetheless , I needed it for a traditional Thanksgiving ice and decided to try it anyway . What a complete piece of crap.This thing bears no relationship to a gelato machine . It 's really just like a salt freezer with an electric compressor . . The motor is a joke . In order to make it run at all , I literally had to prop up the cover of the machine with quarters . It 's pathetically weak and operates like a battery powered children 's toy.In this case , you get what you pay for . Do n't waste your time with this trasher . Buy a real one or pass .
 But to no avail !!! I got this maker for Christmas . Imagine the disappointment I and my children experienced when the blade froze after running approximately 5 seconds , never to run again !!! This item may not be the most expensive , but it is still spendy enough that one should be able to rely on its quality !!! And I thought I had done enough research and read enough reviews ... ah well , it 's off to Mio Gelato we go !
 well it is a great machine and it is easy but it is too smallit only makes about 2 cups and it takes a long time ... I returned it and I will buy the bigger one . Thanks
 The first thing I would like to make clear is that if you buy items based on company reputation and warranty quality , please look elsewhere . The first unit I purchased looked like a reconditioned unit straight out of the box and after the first several uses it was apparent that the typical freeze time was running 50-60 minutes . The enclosed recipe book states that the ice cream should freeze in 25-30 minutes . I called the customer support number for Lello and after being shuffled from one number to another by some of the rudest people imaginable I finally got a `` customer service '' representative on the phone . The woman that I spoke to said they receive lots of complaints about this unit and there was nothing that could be done to repair my unit . Despite the fact that the unit was taking 20 minutes longer than the instructions state and despite the fact that the unit was only 2 month old they refused to honor the warranty . All I was looking for was a repair . At this point I contacted Amazon and they were very helpful and sent me an exchange even though I had purchased the unit over 30 days prior.Okay , new unit . This one looked better out of the box and seems to operate more quickly . About 35 minutes to freeze as opposed to an hour . Over all I am much happier with my new ice cream maker however I am still going to stick by my low rating due to the fact that I have no confidence in Lello honoring their warranty in the event that I should have a problem with this unit . I place a great deal of emphasis on customer service and Lello failed miserably . At any rate if you are comfortable with the price I wo n't recommend that you overlook this item but I would strongly recommend that you make sure it functions properly well within Amazons return time . Lello will not make good on their warranty . I would like to make one other observation , I purchased this item based on prior reviews and I know that other people had good experiences with their customer service so it is entirely possible that I had isolated incident . However , based on the attitude and response of everyone I spoke to at Lello I would not get my hopes up for a better experience in the future . Good Luck regardless of your decision !
 When we first got this , it was great . Made wonderful ice cream , though it still did n't freeze nearly solid enough . But for no known reason , the paddle stopped turning . Motor goes on , but does not paddle . I attempted to contact the company several times for repair recommendations , and never got through anywhere . Email sent to the address in the manual drew ZERO response . I 'm very disappointed ; I now have a $ 300 paperweight . One of the main reasons I chose Lello was due to the other review saying the customer service was so good ; apparently it 's changed . I will not be purchasing from them again .
 I got my unit today . It appears to be not new -LRB- as described on the Amazon.com -RRB- but used . It has dirty fingerprint marks and scratches on the exterior , there is a lot of dust in the vents , there are some loose parts rumbling inside and the power cord is moldy . I placed everything right back in the box and printed out the return label . For some reason this item does not quilify for an exchange , but refund only . I might give it another try . If my second attempt will be unseccessfull , I 'll be looking for another brand .
 This unit worked well on the first batch , but would never freeze ice cream thereafter . A support person cautioned against using more than a pint of liquid ; otherwise , he said , the unit would n't work as advertised . He suggested the pint of liquid would double in volume during freezing , thus honoring the manufacturer 's pledge that the machine produces a quart of finished ice cream In my opinion , the Lello 4070 Gelato Junior belongs in the `` buyer beware '' category .
 I have used my gelato machine two or three times a week for a year and loved it . Even though it did n't come near the freezing time ... it is more like 50 + minutes . I liked it because I could make ice cream that had very little fat content or sugar-free . One week after the limited warranty time -LRB- if I had purchased it -RRB- the machine started knocking . I have only let the machine run until it stops 1 time . Was that one time too many?I am a faithful purchaser of Amazon products . I have looked high and low for a place to get some attention on this.This could be a great product . I would be interested to know how many of the machines are still running after one year . Do you dare ask ?
 I 've had a 4070 Gelato Junior for about three years . At first it froze a batch of ice cream in about 35 minutes . Gradually the freezing times got longer until it took over an hour to freeze . Now it barely gets cold and wo n't freeze at all.I contacted Lello service and found that the problem is most likely a refrigerant leak and that repairs would cost at least $ 75 -LRB- not including shipping -RRB- . I 'm now in the market for another ice cream machine . The next one wo n't be a Lello .
 This is a great concept , and I bought one of these for a friend that worked OK . But , the first one that I ordered arrived broken -LRB- would n't get cold at all . Amazon promptly sent another . It ran for a week and then died . It was nice while it lasted , but not worth reordering ! Quality assurance is clearly very poor , and I suspect that the device is too sensitive to be sent through the mail with a high rate of success .
 Unit did not get cold at all . Delivery fine . Not a lot of noise . When I called Lello they had an `` I really do n't care '' attitude and did n't help at all ! HOWEVER , when I contacted AMAZON.COM , they were a help and told me how to return the item and use the return lable to avoid shipping costs . The NEXT DAY I went to the UPS store to sent the package back ; to my surprise , when I returned home , Amazon.com had OVERNIGHTED the replacement without even recieving the return yet . Now , THAT 'S what I call costumer service !! New unit works wonderfully . Gets cold fast and ice cream in no time
 I bought this filter belt for a Emerson drum type humidifier HDP-1 , When it arrived i noticed it was nothing like the original filter belt I had been using , it is very light weight and seemed to have a lot of stretch to it . After about one weeks use it was completely deformed from the weight of the water and was totally useless . Buying this filter belt was a waste of money . If I could rate it no stars I would .
 I bought this item
 Not really pleased with this purchase . Followed instructions and it sheaded even worse . Got red fuzz all over the black cormforter . It is very warm . It 's a keeper if you can live with the lint .
 The blanket is very soft . I 'll give it that . But the fibers keep coming out . I 've even washed it twice and tumble dried it like the instructions say and I still find little purple bits of blanket on my sofa , floor , clothes.If you really want to buy one make sure you get a color thats not as noticible as plum if you have light colored furniture/carpets .
 I washed this per the instructions and man what a mess . Little purple pills everywhere . So I washed it two more times . Seemed to be getting worse . Gave up . No good for me .
 We unpacked this machine and started to use it by filling the water tank , only for the water to swiftly leak all over our counter . There did n't seem to be any trick for replacing the water filter in any different way so we called customer support . They assessed that the machine is defective -LRB- supposedly a rare case -RRB- and that they will send us a new machine - in 7-15 business days . The customer service rep was friendly , but having to wait 7-15 business days is a bummer .
 Worked fine for three months . First the steam nozzle got clogged . Took off to clean and the plastic crew got worn down . So no longer makes steamed milk . Then the water tank cracked after I it fell from 2 feet . Seriously ? YES . It nearly shattered . Take good care and be extra careful with this delicate device .
 I bought this De'Longhi Espresso Maker to replace one which had begun to leak . This one lasted less than a year before leaking puddles underneath . It now does not work at all . I am very disappointed in this product .
 Used 3-4 times a week for 6 months until this morning when electrical smoke started to pour out of the steamer knob when I switched it on . Worked well during its brief life but it should have lasted longer . If you are swayed by the good reviews you need to think of this as a disposable product that may be economical depending on your coffee drinking habits .
 I spent an amazing amount of time reading review sites about this machine and the Delonghi ec155 -LRB- basically the same internals but just different appearances -RRB- . The basic consensus was that this was a good machine for its price point . The stainless steel boiler and dual thermostats seem great features . Unfortunately , when the machine arrived from Amazon it was dead on arrival . After several calls to DeLonghi customer support they determined that the pump was bad . They said a separate company would contact me to arrange for returning this machine and get a replacement . After a week that company sent me email saying in part : `` Unplug the unit from the wall outlet ! Cut the power cord plug off of the unit with a pair of scissors -LRB- close to the unit -RRB- . You will need to mail the power cord with plug to us . ... We have waived the warranty shipping and handling fee as a courtesy , due to your date of purchase . `` Apparently I was to throw out the rest of the machine . So my summary from this experience is that it is probably an okay machine , but once it breaks just throw it away and get a new one . I was n't too keen on that so I ended up returning it to Amazon . Now I am looking to get a refurbished Saeco Aroma -LRB- with warranty -RRB- . The price is a tad more but reviews seem to suggest it is durable , performs better than these DeLonghis and replacement parts are readily available . &#8232;
 I followed the instructions and let the machine heat up for about 30 minutes then tried to `` clean '' it by running water with no grounds . Nothing comes out . I used pins to try and clear any blockage , but still no water/espresso comes out . The steam wand seems to work okay . It gave the milk a steam-room-like taste , but that was probably my fault for letting it steam too long . In the end , I returned the machine .
 I brought this home and immediately noticed that the steamer nob was loose . I attempted to run water through the machine as a test run but the steamer / frother wand would not stay back so that I could insert the portafilter . Each time I pressed the wand back the top steamer nob would literally bounce up and become unscrewed . I finally got the wand back , the nob down , and the portafilter in and was able to turn on the machine for a test run . When the light went green I turned the nob for espresso nothing came out but the pressure and heat of the machine caused the loose steamer nob to pop open and squirt boiling hot water on my hands . Sadly , I gave the machine one more chance and it did the exact same thing . No water came out of the spout but popped out of the steamer nob and yes I was burned again . After that I did not care if this was a user fail or a manufacturer fail and I returned the item . I recently went into a store that had the machine and the steamer nob was not loose at all and did not seem like it would come off so I must have had a defective machine but would still not repurchase it .
 It started not brewing a few months after . When I called Delonghi , they asked me to ship it somewhere in Jamaica , NY . Very bad service .
 I bought this machine in November 2011 and it worked like a trouper until February 2012 when the silver face plate melted . It finally quit holding steam so I called Delonghi only to find out that the closest repair facility is 89.6 miles from my house . I can drive there twice since I 'm thinking they wo n't fix it while I wait , or I can pay to ship it there . Neither option is acceptable unless I happen to be driving through Colorado Springs anyway , so , as I informed Delonghi , I 'm glad that I replaced it with a Krups .
 We received this espresso maker for Christmas 2010 . We used it approximately twice a week for the next ten months or so , and cleaned it according to the directions . But after ten months , it stopped working , Espresso would not come out . I called Delonghi , and they instructed me to send it to an appliance store in Ohio for repair . While I was happy that they agreed to cover the cost of repair , I did have to pay the shipping fee to send the machine to Ohio.Now , our machine has been in for repair through the whole winter , for over four months . I called the appliance shop and they said they are still waiting on Delonghi to send the part they need to repair the machine.If I could do it again , I would spend more money to get a machine that would n't break and be out of commission for over four months -LRB- and still going -RRB- .
 We had this machine for a week and than had to return it . The cappuccino jet frother just stopped working . It would produce steam but not foam . It was ok while it worked so I 'm giving it two stars instead of one.Other cons to consider : - instruction manual is horrible - espresso is very weak ; our Krups steam espresso maker made much stronger coffeePros : - relatively easy to operate , once you decipher the manual - nice cremaAll in all I would NOT buy this machine again . Going from a steam to a pump espresso maker , DeLonghi BAR32 was a big disappointment .
 i 'll end up keeping it . just frustrated , really . my $ 20 mocha makes a better cup of espresso , no question there . the foam is pretty good but you 've got to dispense the first couple seconds or you 'll shoot hot nasty water into your cup . kind of a pain to operate this thing . i really miss my melitta from about 5 years ago , it finally died and they do n't make 'em like that anymore . i 've tried a couple of these and settled on this . there must be something better out there . i 'm using illy coffee too , so i 'm not putting folgers in and expecting miracles . i use my mocha when i want a really good cup ... also the size seems small - i know i 'm american so i expect XL everything , but i do have two of these in the mornings ...
 We purchased this machine in the hopes that , being of Italian manufacture , it would produce good espresso . We also hoped it would be more durable than our previous machine , the Mr. Coffee EMP-50 pump-driven espresso machine . We lived in Italy for 14 years , so we know what a good espresso should taste like , and the Mr. Coffee machine made good coffee but was n't durable.Boy , was I disappointed . First , putting the coffee strainer in place takes considerable force because the gasket is so tight , but the shape of the machine makes it difficult to hold the machine in place to put enough force into getting the strainer tight enough not to leak steam when making an espresso . Second , despite multiple attempts with the two strainer sizes and different coffees -LRB- including the brand that works so well in the Mr. Coffee machine -RRB- , the DeLonghi just does n't make a good espresso . Using enough grinds for only one cup , the espresso has practically no taste ; using the two-cup strainer creates a slightly better espresso , but it 's still weak.Bottom line
 It worked fine for about 30 cups of coffee and then the pressure droped to 0 . Since it was under warranty , I took it to an authorized repair shop , about 3 months ago and I am still waiting to to get it back . Apparantly , service dept. ca n't get the parts to repair it . With this kind of lousy customer service , De'Longhi has lost me as a customer for their other products as well .
 I was really excited to get a new espresso machine as my old one was dying on me . From the get go it has been trouble . The filter has two sizes and both are too small . I usually pull 4 shots on my old machine and get nice strong espresso , but this machine does not seem capable of pulling one strong shot , much less 4 . Just putting the filter into the machine is a chore . Had to use incredible force to get the filter into place in the machine ! Ridiculous . The steamer spits out a ton of water further weakening the coffee . It is terrible . I do not recommend this . Had a Dilongi in the past and it was terrible too ! Should have known better .
 I purchased this espresso maker for my husband 's birthday and we were thrilled that it worked so well . That is for about four months . After the winter , we stored it away , when we took it out again and plugged it in , water was leaking out EVERY surface on the machine . I immediately contacted DeLonghi and they informed me that it had been just over a year since I had purchased the machine and there was nothing they could do . They recommended I take it to a DeLonghi service center and I explained that their website says there are none in my entire state . They sent back an email basically telling me tough cookies . So , here I am with an expensive espresso maker that was used less than 20 times and it does n't work . Save your money , people ! Find a brand that really stands behind their equipment . I wish people would write these reviews then update them a year or so later . I think that would affect the overall rating this machine received !
 I was expecting this to be an excellent product as I had another Delonghi espresso machine that lasted about 5 years and made great espresso until it started leaking - but I was happy with 5 years and decided to buy another Delonghi espresso machine - BIG mistake.This Delonghi started leaking after only a few months and what was strange was that the water leaking was black . I ran through just water with no espresso to clean it out thinking maybe it was clogged or something and still go black water that seemed to be dripping from the handle . This happened when the machine was completely clean . So I cleaned it up again , put clean filtered water in and the same thing happened and it was in fact coming from the handle -LRB- I ran it under the sink -RRB- . Not sure if the paint is coming off or what but this is truly disappointing not to mention unhealthy - who knows how much of this got into my espresso ?? It 's too bad because the previous product was so good and this one is n't . Sadly , my Delonghi front-opening coffee maker that I received this Christmas now has a broken latch on the front and the basket holder wo n't close . I 'm really surprised at the poor quality of these products as they were good at one time.While this was a good name in espresso makers , I would suggest looking elsewhere for another machine .
 The lid to water reserve comes apart when opened . The frothing arm is not high enough and it 's hard to get frothing pitcher from under without spilling . I even have to use a shorter coffee cup than usual because of lack of height for it . I should have returned this expresso maker but did n't so I will live with it until it breaks . . Would n't buy another like it . Hope this helps others .
 I purchased the Delinghi after reading all of the great reviews , plus it had a $ 20 mail-in rebate offer . What a deal . I was so excited to enjoy my first cup of home-made espresso . I have had a Krups steam driven machine for about 3 years now but I knew the real deal was the pressure driven machines . I read the directions thoroughly and prepped the machine . The green light turned on and I switched the knob to express the coffee ... . and nothing happened . It makes a whole lotta noise and the machine is hot , but absolutely no espresso comes out . I read the part about flushing the parts before using so I removed the coffee from the holder and tried again . Still nothing . The water is not coming out ! If anyone has suggestions please let me know , but honestly this is ridiculous . I am seriously considering returning it . I will call customer service on Monday but in the meantime I 'll go back to my good old reliable Krups .
 Primary Complaint Classification
 Good machine but if you need repair be ready to wait for a very long time . After 3 months of use my steam valve started to become stiff and eventually started to leak . I called Delonghi and got referred to take my machine to a local -LRB- thank goodness its local -RRB- repair shop . 2 + months later I 'm still waiting for the replacement part to come in from Delonghi . I 'm sick of `` instant expresso '' while I wait and wait and wait for the replacement part.Delonghi does not truly support their products . When it worked it was a good machine but if I ever get this back , and if it fails again , I 'm buying a better product .
 I bought this espresso machine in August of 2010 . It is October of 2011 and the machine is broken . The espresso comes in ice cold . I guess there is something wrong with the heater , but I can not fix it myself and the warranty expired two months ago . I am very disappointed and will never buy De'Longhu again .
 I 've purchased two of these machines from Amazon . The first worked for about 24 days without problem . Great espresso , easy use , quick set up , quality machine . I was very pleased . Then the steam stopped working . It just would n't turn on . I could make espresso without a problem , but no steam wand.Amazon is awesome . They scheduled a UPS pick up at my home and within 2 days , I had a replacement.Today , I am returning the replacement unit . Again , the steamer went out.It 's unfortunate because it is a quality unit that I liked , but how good can it be if both of mine broke in less than 30 days?Off to find a replacement !!
 I bought this as a Christmas present for my husband last year . Well here I am searching for a new machine for this Christmas because the De'Longhi Bar32 failed after only a few months . The gasket cracked , the machine lost pressure and was then completely unuseable . What did I expect for only $ 100 , I guess , but still , less than a year of casual use is unacceptable .
 I just received the product , I followed all the instructions , never got a drop of coffee . Looks like something is not connected .
 The Delonghi Brand is well known for their coffee makers but this particular model never worked well . The coffee took a long time to brew and the came out as at a drip pace . At this time -LRB- and in less than a year -RRB- it has stopped working totally . Unfortunately I can not return so it was just a waste of money .
 THE COFFEE IS GOOD BUT IT IS A VERY SLOW MACHINE , I MEAN IT TAKES AT LEAST 5 MINUTES TO BREW 1 C. OF EXPRESSO .
 I bought this for my husband 's birthday . It arrived on time . When we opened it up , set it up it did n't work ! The steamer was operational but the espresso pump was broken . We went through all the troubleshooting lists with no success . The De'Longhi is poorly made and I can not recommend it.We 're sending it back and not getting another . Hopefully you head the warnings from this and the other poor reviews and DO NOT buy this .
 I bought this about 3 weeks ago for $ 92 at Amazon -LRB- now it 's around $ 75 hmmm ... -RRB- . Right out of the box the pump made a lot of noise and no coffee , only steam . Called DeLonghi and they verified that it was defective . They asked me to cut and return the cord so I would n't have to pay for return shipping -LRB- not sure if that is a reflection of the cheapness of the machine or good customer service -RRB- . They sent a new one free of shipping charge . Curiously enough it had the same serial number on the machine and the box . Right out of the box it also had the exact same problem . This time it goes back.I have been using an older EC155 model espresso maker by DeLonghi for about 6 yrs at least once daily w / no problems whatsoever except replacing a worn out gasket in the coffee holder . It makes a decent cup of espresso . I should have followed my instinct , if it ai n't broke do n't replace it . Apparently quality is hit and miss for DeLonghi . But at this day and age it 's unacceptable.Interesting fact
 We purchased this espresso machine on June 15 . Three weeks later it started leaking and six weeks later it has stopped working ! No pressure whatsoever is being generated , which means there is no steam for the cappuccino and no espresso - period . I will see about returning it tomorrow . Given that all we make is 4 espressos per day it should have lasted a couple of years . I am very disappointed
 I got this machine as a gift for Valentine 's Day . I spent a number of years in Seattle and am a bit spoiled when it comes to quality coffee drinks , so my dh thought this would be a great idea.It makes a great espresso ... and is very convenient.It is now June and the black frother on the steam wand , has fallen off and the threads are stripped on it -LRB- the plastic part -RRB- . I called to get a replacement and the customer service rep. was not helpfull at all ... when I told her I could not find the model # , the only thing was the logo with E.S.E. on the front and the ser # on the bottom , along with warnings written in several languages , but no model number ... her response was `` Ma'am , there HAS to be a model number on the machine '' `` it 's there , you just are n't looking for it '' over , and over , and over , but could not tell me exactly where to find the number , I practically disassembled the machine to no avail ... I will be happy to apologize to her for chewing her out if someone would tell me * exactly * where on the machine , I can find the mod # . She would not transfer me to a supervisor and I ended up calling back and leaving a message telling them what I need ... supposedly they will respond in 24-48 hours ... so here I sit with a $ 150 machine that I ca n't use entirely.My guess is their customer service is outsourced to another company and the customer service people answering the phone do n't know squat about the products they are answering calls about .
 Initially I loved this product . I have had electric espresso machines for years so it was exciting to find a reasonably priced pump machine and it made great cappuccinos . Sadly , within 9 months I found it was heating a little less , then gradually the gasket started giving out and it would leak water . At a year and a half the heating element failed . Replacement would cost more than the purchase price . After this experience I certainly would n't buy another so I am going back to a Krups 4-cup electric espresso maker . Over the years I have had 4 of them and each one was good for 4-5 years dependable service at half the price .
 I should have believed the negative reviews - talk about irrational , wishful-thinking decision-making ! In less than 5 months , the pump is a total fail . Yes , I took it apart and cleaned every part with vinegar and water , in-between descaling . Coffee is wasted , electricity wasted , waiting for some pump action . I bought it barely used , it worked beautifully for a few months , though it never had enough pressure to leave a solid coffee-clump in the basket - it was always soupy , instead . If you want to create more plastic landfill every 4-6 months , go ahead , waste your money and taint your karma . Otherwise , save up , buy an espresso machine made in Italy , where they 're built to last and to make true , rich espresso . Only Saeco and Hamilton Beach make espresso machines in the USA , and both brands have terrible reviews . This one is from China , a sheer plastic horror .
 I bought this machine about two years ago and have used it every single day since , often multiple times per day . It was very easy to use , consistently made good espresso , and I was very happy with it . The heater went out on it recently , producing cold `` espresso '' , and I do believe I got my money 's worth out of this machine -LRB- under $ 100 for probably close to 1000 double shots of espresso comes out to around 5 cents a shot in machine costs ! -RRB- . So I immediately came back to Amazon and ordered another one . That one arrived , I set it up and tried to make espresso the next morning and ... nothing . The water tank was seated correctly because it would make steam if I wanted , but it did not even get the grounds wet . I sent it back and got another machine . Set that one up last night and tried to make espresso this morning and ... nothing . Same problem as the last one.I gave this two stars because I was so happy with the first machine . But I 'm now looking around to replace this with something completely different because I find it extremely poor quality control when I receive two machines in a row with the same problem .
 I got this Espresso maker because I wanted a pressure pump based espresso machine . I read the reviews and saw a lot of unhappy customers but most of them were complaining about the reliability of the machine , not the coffee the machine produces . So I ignored the bad reviews thinking that those reviewers just got unlucky and got a bad machine , thinking to myself ` surly it wo n't happen to me ' . Sure enough it happened to me also . After a month and a half my machine stopped working . Do n't buy DeLonghi . Their customer service it the worst and their warranty department is virtually non existent . Edan Aharony
 If you want to make 30 cups of espresso then go ahead and buy this . It makes OK coffee . If you want more than this though go buy something else from someone else . The steam tap on mine jammed and it has been at Delonghi for repair now for over four months -LRB- YES MONTHS -RRB- and I still don ; t know when it will be returned , if ever . Customer service know -LRB- or share -RRB- nothing . I have since done a lot of internet research and it 's littered with tales of disgraceful customer ` service ' by Delonghi . -LRB- I wish I 'd done this before buying . -RRB- Do n't waste your time and money like I did .
 Being a longtime espresso user , starting with the steam machines years ago , and moving up to a `` cheap '' Mr. Coffee pump driven -LRB- 1st pump machine -RRB- I could n't believe the difference in taste between the machines . Have had the Mr. Coffee for about 4 years , wanted to update with a sleeker model , so bought this one online . Had to send it back upon arrival , it was damaged . Got the 2nd one and it came with those nice Illy Pods , love them ! BUT the machine has serious issues ! I pull double shots and as other users say sometimes it come out ok , sometimes very slow or not at all . Used ground coffee and it seemed to plug the filter up -LRB- coffee was n't even the fine espresso grind -RRB- more of a mix , as I grind my own beans . Took the whole machine apart twice as the manual shows , but still plugged up the filter basket . Turns out theres some little valve like plunger at the bottom of the filter basket that gets stuck . Have ordered another one , told it will take 4-6 weeks , since they are on backorder -LRB- what does that tell you -RRB- , it was brand new , and in order to get it serviced I 'd have to drive 50 + miles to drop it at the nearest service center ... needless to say customer service is terrible . All this hassle for a $ 100.00 machine ! I 'm going out today to buy a new machine and it wo n't be this one.Also have just bought the same brand coffee maker , sending that back . Major issues ... I do n't know if it 's just my bad luck , but this brand is not for me .
 I 've owned this machine since the second week in December and 5 weeks later , I 'm having issues . Here 's a breakdown of the good and the bad : Good : - price point-water carafe size-ease of operation-The ability to use pods or grounds in the 1 cup -LRB- small -RRB- filter holder-easy to cleanBad : - low clearance for mugs - Espresso/steamed milk never seems hot enough - lousy design for the filters/filter basket -LRB- see below -RRB- Last week , I experienced the same issue that N. Lanza reported in his May 2007 review . The small filter managed to twist itself while in the machine so that it stuck in the filter holder . The filters for this machine have small notches that line up with the filter holder to make sure things are lined up properly . I double checked my alignment , and I had put it in correctly . Nonetheless , the twisting action of putting the filter holder into the machine caused the filter to rotate out of place . The pressure of the pump then made it impossible to remove the filter without taking the entire filter holder apart with a screwdriver and using pliers to physically pry the filter out of the holder , destroying the filter in the process .5 days later , the same thing happened to the LARGE filter.DeLonghi says they will replace all three parts -LRB- small filter , large filter , and filter holder -RRB- , but they are on backorder . However , I have a feeling this issue might repeat itself seeing that I 'm not the only one who 's had this problem.EDITED on APRIL 16 , 2008
 The DeLonghi BAR32 coffee maker was purchased from Amazon.com and delivered with a defective pressure chamber and did not work properly - in fact it is a product that is not designed for safety . Steam burst out of the coffee maker and only quick movement prevented burns.DeLonghi uses Fox International , an offshore call center , to handle its warranty claims . Initial inquiry took several attempts and several weeks to receive a -LRB- very perfunctory and abrupt -RRB- reply from Fox which did not include an RMA , and all later inquiries to DeLonghi were directed to Fox . Eventually we got an RMA and were directed to send the coffee maker to one of the warranty claim centers . However , the product literature was incorrect and listed several warranty claim centers that did not service DeLonghi products anymore -LRB- that certainly tells you something -RRB- . It was eventually sent to Nelson 's Appliance in Colorado Springs three weeks ago now , and we have heard nothing from them at all . Inquiries to Fox International and DeLonghi have so far gone unanswered . Given that three of the four warranty claim centers in Colorado no longer accept DeLonghi products it makes one wonder if DeLonghi did not pay the service centers , which are independent businesses , properly , starved them of parts , or if the products were just so bad that it did not make sense for them to continue relationship with DeLonghi.Moreover the operating manual was delivered in what can only be described in a pidgin translation from Italian to English - utterly useless . The illustrations were of no use and the translation itself was incomprehensible and unreadable because it was printed in 6 point type . The company provided another translation copy on request , which was the same one they sent with the coffee maker . It took some time to figure out how to operate the BAR32 , and when we did , as mentioned , it did not work due to a defective pressure chamber.Based on this experience , I will not purchase other DeLonghi products at all . They do not make a good product , do not back up their warranties , their customer service is nonexistent and overall it has been a waste of money on a relatively expensive product . I 'm out about $ 120 and have yet to use the product because of all the reasons described above .
 This is one of the few returns I 've made to Amazon . When I got the machine , the water reservoir was wet , maybe it had been used ? I was still fine with giving it a go . However , no matter how loosely I packed the grounds it would not make a good shot of espresso , it seemed clogged . After a few hours trying different things , I packed it in .
 Despite following all instructions multiple times , changing the coffee , checking everything in the troubleshooting guide , we can not get a drop of espresso out of this machine
 This had such a high rating that I assumed it was a good product , however I really wish I 'd read all of the negative reviews on here first . The unit turns on and you can hear the pump working , however the water level does not change and it never actually makes espresso . The quality of this model seems to be poor and I wish more people would come back on here to update their reviews once they 've actually had it for a while .
 Short line about my coffee drinking routine ; I love and fully enjoy drinking a good coffee -LRB- black , latte , espresso etc -RRB- in the mornings and afternoons.Ok ... After picking this up at Macys I was sooo exited for my first coffee . Things were good until I started to put the filter holder with the twisting action from `` left to right '' into the machine . It was so tight that I had to grab and hug the entire machine to center the filter to the middle arrow and this took the fun part of making coffee . Also felt that buy doing this I almost broke water reservoir container on the back.I did n't give up right away and I said to myself maybe is a little tight because is new but tried for 3 weeks and luckily Macys was kind to give me a full refund.The other bad thing I noticed was that the steamer leaks some water -LRB- instead of just steam -RRB- for the first 1-5 seconds.I gave it a 2 starts instead of 1 because the coffee taste was good so bottom line is : - Bad filter holder design-Steamer leaks water for the first 1-5 seconds-Takes long time to heat up
 Having owned a lower-end Gaggia for a number of years , I was looking for an inexpensive replacement . I was very happy with the Gaggia , but one day the buttons suddenly developed a short and I did n't think it was worth trying to replace the control panel . This De'Longhi unit seemed to fit the bill as most reviewers raved about its operation and wonderful crema.Unfortunately , you get what you pay for . While I ca n't say the machine is terrible , it does not create the espresso one would find in a Starbucks or similar caf&eacute; . The coffee itself is watery . It does n't matter how fine the ground , nor how tightly tamped , it comes out watery or it does n't come out at all . I 'll explain the last comment in more detail ... If I tamp using the force and fineness of espresso that I would normally use to get good espresso out of my Gaggia , the coffee barely drips out , making for an extremely bitter espresso . Making good espresso is an art and I have spent a lot of time trying to get this machine to work -LRB- as I had for my Gaggia -RRB- . Unfortunately , it just never generated great espresso.I think the problem with the unit is the pump is n't powerful enough . To compensate , they have created a hopper that has a rubber gasket and some obviously patented system that generates foam in every pull . It looks like a wonderful cup of espresso has been created . But foam is n't what makes great espresso . It 's crema . There is a BIG difference.I am going to try theBialetti 6800 Moka Express 6-Cup Stovetop Espresso Maker -LRB- also available on Amazon -RRB- . While I understand that it does n't exactly produce `` espresso '' -LRB- in spite of the name -RRB- , I refuse to pay several hundreds of dollars for a good espresso machine that will inevitably break in a few years . I have heard nothing but god reports on the stove top espresso makers -LRB- and this one in particular -RRB- and it just makes sense to me .
 De'Longhi BAR32 Retro 15 BAR Pump Espresso and Cappuccino MakerThis is the second one in two days that I have purchased ... I was hoping the first was just a lemon ... But upon trying out the second one the same thing happened ... First it took 45 min . for the water to start to pump ... I realize you have to prime it upon first use but really , 45 min ... Then when the water did pump it did n't pump it dribbled ... I tried to make a cup of espresso ... haha ... More dribbles ... Needless to say that was worthless ... Could n't get a 1/2 of an once out the dribbles ... The only good thing was it did have good steam and actually frothed ... But the frother is a swivel and would n't stay in place ... You had to hold it where you wanted it or it would swivel back into the cup area ... Also it 's located on the left side of machine which I though was inconvenient ... This one is going right back .
 I received this as a gift from my daughter . I spent an entire afternoon trying to get the water to stay in the tank ... no luck . It kept leaking out all over the kitchen floor . It would not hold water . When I received it and opened the box and took out the espresso maker , I noticed that the water tank was wet . I am just assuming they sent me a unit that had been used and returned by someone else . Needless to say , I was terribly disappointed . I am returning it on Monday.De ` Longhi EC155 15 BAR Pump Espresso and Cappuccino Maker
 I purchased this machine and for the first 9 or so months it worked well . Then it stopped working . I called Delonghi and explained the problem -LRB- it stopped pumping water -RRB- and they had me ship it at my expense to a service company to repair it -LRB- the machine was under warranty -RRB- . That was at the end of August . It is now the end of December and I still have no espresso machine . the service company tells me that they are waiting on a part from Delonghi . When I call Delonghi they tell me that they have requested a status update from the repair company and that they can not tell me more . The last time I called I explained that they had had my espresso machine for literally months and that I really would like it back , even if it was not repaired -LRB- I thought I would just try to get it fixed myself -RRB- . I was told by Delonghi that they would reissue a status request and call me back within 48 hours . 2 weeks later - nothing . And every time I call I have to wait for literally ages going through their automated system.The upshot is , the machine was fine when it worked . It failed for no apparent reason -LRB- I scaled it , kept it clean , etc. and it made one cup of espresso 5 days a week for about 9 months -RRB- . The company is the worst ever . Do yourself a favor and buy a product made by another company . I will never own a Delonghi again.Update 2012
 Bought it last Black Friday . Used it lightly the last 5 months and now the pump pressure is very low . And I did clean it regularly . Now , I 'm only using it for steaming my milk .
 I had to call Essentialespresso 3 times to get a rma # , when they did not answer my email request for a return # . I now face a 15-20 % re-stocking fee . The machine made weak espresso , took to long to heat up -LRB- and then the water still did n't seem very hot -RRB- , was hard to clean . I 'm going to continue my quest for a good machine some where esle the Essential .
 Purchased this product after reading reviews in various sources . My desire was to get a good or at least a decent Espresso machine at a relatively low cost . All went well for about 31/2 weeks then the espresso began to drip out into the cup at a very slow rate -LRB- 15 minutes for a cup -RRB- Tried cleaning the unit - descaled , the whole bit all to no avail . Only got about 20 espressos from this machine before problem.Beware , this machine will work fine for a while but then you have problems .
 This machine made pretty great espresso for about seven months , and then just crapped out.Kinda like the espresso machine version of a Ferrari - very sexy when it 's still new and shiny . And then ... . bluh . Time to take it to the shop and see how bad the damage is going to be.Now comes the dilemma
 This review is ONLY about the price from this seller Click.Buy.Get . and not the machine.The MSRP for this espresso maker is $ 149.99 on De'Longhi website . You can purchase this at Macy 's or Amazon.com store for $ 99.99 . Not sure how this Click.Buy.Get seller is in business . Since they sell it in a case of 2 , you will think it would be cheaper by the unit but instead is over $ 260 each -LRB- over $ 530 for case of 2 -RRB- .
 I was excited after several years of using my beginner Krups machine to replace it with a more powerful espresso maker . Unfortunately , I am disappointed because I have yet to get a decent froth and the espresso is inconsistent .
 Seems to be functioning properly but it makes a lot of noise when the pump runs . Also , it came in a plastic bag and the was wet inside the bag .
 i would not purchase this model again ... instead , i would spend more money the next time for a better quality item
 STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT ! Read why below : I give this machine 1 stars only because it 's impossible to give it zero . It is a poorly designed device which barely drips the coffee out when used with ESE pods . Instead of nice , streaming `` mouse tails '' of espresso , it drip-drip-drip-drips your coffee out , allowing you to review your to-do list for later in the day . I contacted a local DeLonghi-authorized servicer Kitchen Window in Minneapolis , MN and have received THE WORST SERVICE AND CUSTOMER SUPPORT OF MY LIFE ! When I got to the service center , they all but told me they do n't like seeing me there , playing coy and stupid and trying to get money out of me in advance for a warranty repair . I waited for a WHOLE MONTH to have my machine serviced , finally I had to call left and right , both KW and DeLonghi , to have things rolling . Even then I had to go and `` rescue '' my machine from KW since no one would call me and say that service was done ! Even then they tried to con me into giving them money for a WARRANTY REPAIR!THE MACHINE STILL SADLY FAILS TO DELIVER ESE POD ESPRESSO THE WAY IT SHOULD , IT STILL JUST DRIP-DRIP-DRIPS ... FOREVER ! NOTHING HAS IMPROVED!So help me God , I will NEVER , NEVER AGAIN
 Hitherto , I sparsley drank coffee . With any incipiency , I become eccentric about the endeavor for a fortnight . I have bought a motley of distinctive blends from kenya to sumatra , a grinder , a press pot , and now an expresso maker . Since coffee quality is n't of the utmost importance to me I decided to buy a meretricious espresso maker . This coffee maker even though it cost about $ 140 can not make expresso . This is a gawdy piece of trash . This contraption ca n't make any better expresso than a chintzy $ 30 expresso maker . I do n't call this expresso I call it just coffee . This ca n't produce anything close to the expresso quality you would buy at a coffee bar . That pungent acidic and full body taste of expresso is missing . The crema this machine produces is so sparse compared to a coffee shop . I like my expresso to be strong and taste heavy in the mouth , this tastes like regular coffee . The only coffee that remotely came close to expresso was the coffee grounds that came with this maker , but even that was too weak and not full enough . I prefer drip coffee over this maker , cleaning this appliance is toilsome . Every time I make a cup of coffee I have to arduously clean out the metal filter . Why ca n't this come with discardable paper filters that drip coffee makers use , that is so much easier . Coffee connoiseurs claim the paper filter somehow ruins the flavor , but the paper filter is a lot more convenient . Even though this is suppose to be an automatic maker , It takes way too much of a nisus to brew coffee . I find myself chiefly using my old drip coffee maker since it is more convenient and takes only a lilliputain of time . The instruction manual this gadget is furnished with I found terse and the manufacturer could of expatiated and elucidated more . Although I was not satisfied with the quality of the enchiridion 's written explanations , I found the pictures aptly explained how to employ the gismo . To aggregate my quibbles , if you only desire middling coffee this is the appliance for you , otherwise be willing to fork over at least $ 500 .
 I bought this a few months ago and the whole thing is not amazing . It rattles like crazy when you turn it on - to the point where you have to put your hand on the water lid to keep it quiet . The espresso is half foam when it comes out . Not recommended .
 I bought a DeLognhi Retro espresso maker through Amazon , got it home , and just tried it . The OK light comes on , but when I turn it to the coffee drip position , it only makes noise but no water reaches the filter . I 've put the filled water tank in and out several times , thinking maybe that was the problem , but it makes no difference . Plus , the steamer part is working , which means water is being received from the tank . Still , the coffee part does not get any water even after several minutes . I have put the handle in all positions , turning it as far to the right as possible , both with and without coffee in it and with and without the filter in it . Would love to be able to use this and not return it , especially since I bought $ 50 worth of pods that I 'll have no other use for . Any help or ideas much appreciated !
 This was a gift for my daughter in law and it leaked when in use all over her counter . Shaked when she tried to use the pump for espresso and then it sounded like it had loose parts in it when it was in use . Would not recommend . Sent back for refund .
 This machine started leaking and just got progressively worse . Ten months later , it 's like a sieve . Called DeLonghi , they said I have to pay to ship it to the small appliance shop to have it fixed . I hate this machine and I 'm not sure I want to go through the trouble and money to ship it back . If I were you and reading this review , I would avoid the name DiLonghi all together . Go with a different manufacture , one that does n't build dud espresso machines .
 Unless you have money to buy another one of these machines in six months , buy something else . My machine made great cappuccino and espresso for five months , then began to make espresso that was bitter and to take forever to do it . Then it stopped producing espresso altogether . It just dribbles and makes a humming noise and you can smell the coffee burning.Now after two weeks of wrangling with DeLonghi `` customer service '' I 've had to send the machine off for repair AT MY OWN EXPENSE . I spent 34 minutes total on hold with DeLonghi today only to be told that this is their policy.Buy a Gaggia Baby or a LaVazza machine . You 'll spend more up-front , but at least you wo n't be buying yourself a second machine when it breaks in less than a year.I 'm disgusted . I should have read the other one-star reviews here on Amazon more carefully.PURCHASE AT YOUR OWN RISK .
 I purchased this for a friend as a gift and it quit working after only 5 months . Customer service has not been helpful at all -LRB- wants him to pay costs of return , etc. when you could just provide a UPS pick up tag -RRB- . I would expect the product to last longer than 5 months and if it did n't that it would be replaced with no issue . Your brand will not be considered for further purchses after this experience .
 I purchased my machine 11 months ago . It stopped working 10 months in . I only used it on the weekends making 2 cups per day on Sat and Sun . So , that 's approximately 160 cups before it died on me . It would have happened sooner if I used it every day . The problem ? It no longer heats up . It just stopped . I made one cup and it was ok , the second cup , nada.Now , one would think , `` but , it 's still under warranty , is n't it ? '' Oh sure , if you can find a service center to take it to . All the service centers in my area that are listed in the book I received with the machine no longer take Delonghi appliances . The closest one is about an hour and a half drive . At $ 4.30 per gallon of gas right now , it would be too expensive to drive it there and return to pick it up when it 's repaired . They told me to mail it , but I do n't even want to know what that charge would be.So , if you expect your $ 100 bucks to last longer than 160 cups of coffee , you might want to pass this up . Unless you like your coffee cold , that is.Me ? I 'm no longer purchasing any Delonghi appliances . If I ca n't get them repaired without paying the cost of the appliance to get it there , I do n't need to give them my money in the first place .
 This machine is incredibly loud when its on and the water container rattles like no ones business . You have to hold on to the whole machine so its somewhat quiet . Overall , it makes decent espresso , but the size of the pods are completely incorrect and it comes out very foamy . The 2 shot pod barely makes one shot . I end up having to run it twice which is frustrating.I 'd suggest getting a different , more expensive machine .
 This machine does not make good stong coffee like I am used to from other de Longhi products . Why ??? ... I have no idea , but I would not have bought this machine if I would have known before about the poor performance .
 When I open the package , i found out that is was used.There was some coffee bean still left in the cup.i am expect a new one not a use one.I need some explan form the amazon .
 I have to point out that this review is not of the product itself -LRB- as we never got to use it ! -RRB- but of the packaging of it , and Amazon 's or DeLonghi 's attention to detail . This was a main Christmas gift for my husband and we were so excited to have espresso with our Christmas morning brunch . He unpacks the machine out of its original packaging and the main part that holds all the water is completely missing . There is no other way to use or run the machine without water in it and it 's also a rather large piece on the back-side . We had to send it back and needless to say , I was extremely disappointed . The box looked fine and I did not assume that I should need to dismantle the entire thing prior to wrapping to make sure that essential parts were all there . There would not have been time to send it back and receive a new one , anyway , in time for the holiday . I really feel this level of service is unacceptable and we returned the item and did not get a replacement -- and are still waiting for our money to be re-credited to my card . Extremely bad experience !
 As a long-time home espresso brewer , I was delighted to receive the EC140B as a holiday 2004 gift . It was a nice upgrade from my existing machine.Well , it 's been less than 2 months and I 'm glad I did n't toss the old machine when I got the deLonghi because without it I 'd have no morning brew . The rubber grommet that holds the screen snugly within the filter head has completely fallen apart rendering the EC140B unuseable for want of this little piece of rubber.I 've visited deLonghi 's website , but it 's incomplete -LRB- does n't appear to have been updated since it went online in March 2004 -RRB- and the Customer Service phone number in the documentation that came with the machine is `` No longer in service . '' I 'm willing to accept a percentage of product failure , but deLonghi ca n't or wo n't stand behind their product quality . Beware .
 This machine made excellent espresso for about 10 months and then suddenly died . I used the machine 2-3 times a day , had de-scaled the machine regularly , but the pump seemed to lose it 's pressure as time went by . Last week the machine stopped taking water from the tank altogether . De'Longhi does not have a service center in my area so I have to ship , at my own cost , the machine to New York . Ridiculous . From other customer reviews I see that this is an ongoing problem with De'Longhi . They need to either produce a quality machine that lasts , or be prepared to cover the cost , including shipping , to fix it .
 I recently purchased this model and can not recommend this to anyone who like 's latte . This unit only puts out two shots of week espresso . I have tried all types of coffee including Starbucks and Caribou . I even had them grind it , to make sure my mill was working properly . I had a Mr. Coffee that put out better Latte . It does give you that creamy foam on top but lacks the dark carmel flavor you get at the big boy shops . I am looking to replace this with something else , I have been making my own for 16 years so , I think I know how to make a good cup . I just ca n't do it with this model .
 Just got this today . I supposed I was expecting too much . However , I 've been using a recently broken Starbucks/Saeco pump driven unit for years . I did n't necessarily expect the same heavy duty quality , but I did expect to be able to make a double espresso or capuccino with reasonable success . Unfortunately , the comments about not being able to do double shots is extremely accurate - as is the fact that the unit makes weak shots to begin with . The boiler is simply incapable of sufficient volume to do 2 espresso shots without stopping and letting it reheat . Similarly , the boiler can also not froth milk without stopping and letting it reheat . Beyond that , it took several minutes for the unit to be able to prime , honestly I thought it was defective.I am returning the unit . This is one of those cases where you get what you pay for . As soon as mine cools down , it 's being repacked and shipped back . It simply is n't up to the task for anyone who really wants a traditional espresso , capuccino or latte . I will also say , the instructions and documentation are quite weak.UPDATE
 This showed a lot of promise -- seems well designed and solidly constructed . I can see it being very useful in the absence of one limitation
 It arrived very fast , looked great , BUT JUST DID N'T WORK ! The steamer was operational , but no water would come out of the machine to produce coffee . I followed all the instructions , waited for at least 10 min , while it made all the noises and vibrations pretending to work , except no water would come out . I did make sure the water was getting into the machine -LRB- saw bubbles of air coming out when placing water tank -RRB- . Read all the reviews online . Consulted my friend who has the same espresso machine for a year now and it works well . But he also confirmed I was doing everything right and the machine still did not work.So considering all the good reviews I ordered a replacement . And guess what ? . . IT DOES N'T WORK EITHER ! SERIOUSLY ???!! I am very disappointed , not sure if it even worth to order third replacement .
 3rd UPDATE
 De'Longhi never sent the advertised mail in rebate , and the machine broke after 1 year of use . For as long as it worked the coffee was fine , but I ca n't recommend this machine . If you want a cheap espresso maker you will be better off with a stovetop model .
 After warming the water to start , trying to find the exact right grind of coffee , tamping it to just the right degree , and getting less then average expresso , I gave up and am trying to send it back to Essential Expresso . So far they wo n't give a return authorization . I will look elsewhere for a better machine and service .
 Even given the cramped quarters that other reviews mention , I used this BAR32 machine for about 10 months , only a few espressos a week , but thought it was fine . With high quality coffee , fine grind , and filtered water it made a really decent shot . Then with no warning it stopped heating the water fully . The ready light would come on , but the water never got hot , no matter how much pre-heating , running water through the line , etc. . Luke warm water , never hot . I assume its a thermostat problem since the pump runs fine . Tried to reach DeLonghi but encountered the problems others mention - no valid customer service email address . No back up.My other machine , DeLonghi EC155 , was working fine for over a year , several shots per day , until it sprung a leak . Following the suggestion of another user , I located the problem in the machine and fixed it with a small O ring from a hardware store . After a few weeks the fix is holding.But - bottom line
 This product has fallen very far short of my least expectations . The rubber grommets that keep this in place are not securely attached and constantly fall off . There is catch basin between the water container and the pump , which is theoretically a great idea in case you overfill it . However , in the case of this poorly-made product , every time you fill up the water container , most of the water leaks out into the catch basin and out all over your counter . The motor is exceptionally loud . I would not recommend this product even to my worst enemy . I 'm willing to bet that a cheap $ 30 expresso maker from Target or Wal-Mart would beat this hands-down in overall quality .
 I have been drinking espresso for a long time and I have had a number of espresso makers . This one make very weak espresso ! I have tried experimenting with the grind , with the time for heating , with the amount of the water - in short , I really tried to make a decent espresso with this machine , and I can not do it . Maybe it is possible , as some of the reviewers say , but at this point , it is far more trouble than I am willing to put in -LRB- I already put in more trouble that I wanted to -RRB- . I recommend that buy some other espresso maker with a larger reservoir for grounds , with a better heating device ... something . Do n't buy this one .
 I ended up sending this back after 1 week . I found it impossible to get a strong cup of espresso . I tried different espresso types and grinds to no avail . The problem -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- is the size of the filter cup . It just is n't large enough -LRB- it comes with two , small and smaller -RRB- . My old steam machine performed much better .
 Bottom of pan is stamped 10 x 14 inches.About the same size as the glass baking dish which is 9 x 12 . Pan is very light ... no where near the 7 pounds in the description.Definitely less than 3 pounds.Finish is the worst I have seen in stainless steel -LRB- dries with water spots -RRB- The selling price should have been less than $ 29 . I am a fan of Calphalon but this item looks more like counterfeit.I will keep it and use it , but would NOT recommend it or give it away as a gift . Would not buy again if this one got lost or stolen
 I had a large metal lasagna pan that measured 3 `` X11 `` X16 '' . The Teflon coating was wearing off and it was beginning to rust . I was specifically looking for a large stainless steel pan similar to this . They claimed the product dimensions were 12.4 x 3.5 x 18.8 inches ; 4 pounds . When in fact it was 10 x 2.75 x 14 . I was very disappointed .
 The bottom tray was too small for the dish rack , which itself looked too small to hold any dishes I own . I returned it .
 This was one of the worst purchases I have ever made . I should have paid more attention to the other reviews . A glass will not stand up in this dish drainer . The only thing that will stand is plates . I liked the size of the drainer , but it still does not work well for me .
 Better Houseware 3423 Compact Dish Drainer Set , Stainless is not what I expected , as does not fit the intended purpose , but will keep it .
 Just useless . This is so small , I do n't know how anyone could find it functional . Look at other products , and check the size before ordering .
 I bought this to sit in the sink and hold a quick wash worth of dishes from dinner . I does n't hold thick plates , multiple pots and pans , not any bowls . Well , to be fair , of you are only washing one bowl , or one pan , it would be fine , but nothing will nest together and the silverware holder falls off . The clear tray does n't have a pour-off area , so it just fills up with water !
 This dish rack is VERY small and the slots are tiny ! It does n't have a place for cups , and it wo n't hold our square plates or even regular bowls ... The silverware container does n't stay put either . It seems very cheap , and it wo n't hold more than one dish at a time . Not happy with this purchase !!!
 I bought this scale in January 08 and it died on me today . Cheaply made and unfixable .
 In all fairness , I ca n't assess this item as it never worked from the getgo . It looked fine , well finished and sturdy . Unfortunately it was the last one so I could not get a replacement . I would certainly have preferred a replacement to a refund . But ... c'est la vie .
 We were looking forward to having this cool scale in our bathroom but when we assembled it , it would not display our weight ! There is a switch on the back of the display that changes the display from kilograms to pounds to stones . Yes , stones ! But it seems somewhat cheap in construction and since it never worked , I can only give it one star and not recommend it . Looks pretty cool in the pictures , though!No weigh , no how .
 I really liked it until it stopped working . I did not even have it a year when all of a sudden it just would not turn on so I just threw it away .
 This pillow is pretty bad . I 'd find a different `` memory foam '' brand if I were you . This was so stiff it did n't conform , it just hurt .
 This would be a great juicer if not for these problems . Juicer will literally move across the table when the pulp gets unbalance . I do n't mean vibrating or shaking , I mean this thing will spin across the table . This happens every time even after replacement from KitchenAid . I did n't get a faulty one , it 's just a bad design . Watchout ! this thing is dangerous . For the price they 're charging and the KitchenAid name , I expected better . Another problem , strainer basket is impossible to clean even with the spatula . Definitely get something else unless you plan on juicing in small amount and clearing the basket repeatedly . This juicer should be recall .
 This juicier dances all of the table . It starts to move on its on after it is a quarter full of pulp . I have to empty the basket after a half of glass full of juice . If I do n't , it move on its on in a circle and side ways across the table . Not good for cabbage juice . Did anyone test this juicier before putting it on the market ? I took the advice of your customers review . They must be joking or only drink four ounces of juice . Please save your money and buy a real juicier .
 The strainer is quite difficult to clean , as pulp gets trapped when you flip it over to clean it . Trying to chase down and remove the loose pulp can be maddening . Also , like others have mentioned , the torque will spin the entire juicer around , and if you 're not careful it 'll wobble off the container . The press thingy tends to get stuck in the chute because it narrows towards the bottom . Leaks and does n't handle leafy vegetables well.There are much better juicers on the market .
 When I took the unit out of the box I was impressed by the predictable stylings of the KitchenAid machine - until I used it . The feed chute is so small that it takes me 15 minutes to make my juice in the morning . My daughter in law bought the cheaper one from Amazon.com about a month ago called the Juice Fountain . Although I have n't heard of the brand , the unit is very nice looking and it is about 5 times faster to use . I am new to juicing , and do n't know if other juicers are like the Kitchenaid , but this really seems to be very slow and labor intensive . It makes great juice and I feel better for drinking it , but I wish I had have bought the cheaper unit.I still have my Kitchenaid mixer and love it dearly , but in my mind , they do n't have what it takes in juicers .
 I have many KitchenAid Appliances from a Dishwasher to the Stand Mixer and Food Processor . I have always been impressed by KitchenAid product 's quality construction and exellent function , until now ... Upon receiving my KJE500 , I tried juicing some carrots . I cut two fairly large carrots in half and started to feed them into the juicer . Fairly quickly -LRB- after 1 carrot -RRB- , the shredded carrots got unbalanced and the machine started to shake a little bit . I decided that this was n't too bad and continued with the second carrot . Whaoooo horsey !! Halfway into the second carrot , this machine developed a mind of its own started to vibrate wildly and spin around the countertop spilling juice out its spout.Although this machine was well-built & cute I had to send it back . -LRB- Note
 Received the Taylor 49562 outdoor thermometer the other day and compared it to a known good outdoor thermometer and the Taylor is 4 degrees off -LRB- hot -RRB- . It 's not very well made either . I 'm thinking about sending it back .
 While this mounted easily , the temperature readings were at least 10 degrees too high when compared to a digital thermometer nearby.Tried making adjustments -LRB- there is no back to it , so the temperature coil is right there -RRB- but there was n't any sort of adjustment screw or any way to set the thing like you might a scale.Very disappointing .
 Bought this to hang on tree close to house . Very disappointed in quality of product . Cheap materials to hang it by -LRB- Probably wo n't last through Chicago winter -RRB- . No covering for workings of thermometer , so spiders and ants get in . Disappointed in quality of a Taylor product . On the plus side - is large and easy to read .
 It served it 's purpose for a party but this tray has no bottom and is difficult to carry . You can not carry it one-handed . It must be carried with 2 hands by the bottom rims . The bottom is open and your fingers push the containers up and out . Buy one with a solid bottom and do n't waste your money on this model .
 This is a nice bar cady and has removeable compartments , however it does not have a bottom . So you ca n't ice down your items .
 No doubt about it , this unit has powerful suction . But even so , it does n't pick up any of the cat hair on my upholstered couch , no matter how many times I go over the fabric . Disappointing .
 Suction is great . However , it front plastic cover comes off all the time and dirt can come out when the vacuum is off . So you need to empty all the time . This vacuum is very cheaply made . It is also very loud .
 I can not begin to explain what a complete and total rip off this product is . The pieces wo n't stay together , the suction is subpar , it falls apart if you look at it . Having experienced Black and Decker `` quality '' before , I should have known that this would be their standard substandard , but other reviews convinced me that maybe B&D ; had turned around.They have n't . It 's un-usable if you want to use the rotating head . I 'm sure if you 're just using the handheld part , and do n't want the rotor brush , that it picks up crumbs just fine , but as a pet hair vac , it 's pointless . It 's heavy enough that I bruised the bejebus out of my foot when it fell apart and fell on my foot.It 's loud , it 's low quality , and a better use of your $ 30 would be to set it on fire to see the pretty colors . After multiple attempts to fix their design flaws , including duct taping the pieces together , I 've just put it in the charity box.Avoid this waste of cash . Seriously .
 I regret buying this vacuum . The pet hair attachment was clunky to use , very difficult to move across the surface of our couches in the first place , and then it got clogged with pet hair almost immediately and stopped working -LRB- the attachment stopped spinning , vacuum still works -RRB- . I went in and unclogged it once only to have it stop working again a few minutes into cleaning . I do n't know what I am going to use this for now as it 's not a very convenient handheld vacuum with no rechargeable battery power option so it must be plugged in , which makes it difficult to use to spot clean around the house .
 I purchased this product specifically for my new vehicle which I use to tote my dogs around . They shed all over the carpet lining in the back and I was hoping I would get results from this machine as it had an attachment designed for the sole purpose of picking up dog hair . The motor was powerful , I will admit that , but I did n't actually see it do anything with all that power ! The suction was very poor and was even less effective when using the hose . I felt like I was getting somewhere with the pet hair attachment for a while but it did n't take very long for the spinning plastic bristles to stop working . So after using it for about 15 minutes , and with very little in the chamber -LRB- as it hardly picked up anything except some pebbles ! -RRB- , I thought I would see it the filter needed to be cleaned and it did n't . I also tried to clean out the dog hair attachment to little avail . It still does n't work.I did not have high expectations in the first place and this product still did n't meet me even half way at that ! If you plan on suctioning up cheerio 's or rice - by all means get this $ 40 item . Heck I 'll give you mine . I went back to using duct tape and have n't looked back .
 I just bought this item at Walmart . My intent was to use it for quick daily pickups in between the weekly thorough vacuuming - pulling out my big machine is a drag.I chose it because there are no air vents on the sides as some other hand vacuums which cause dipersion of debris . I have 2 cats which shed their hair on my sofa and armchair . The Retriever was promising as it sounds very powerful , but it did not collect that much hair . You had to `` insist '' and still it would leave hair behind . A favorite spot of my cats is on the top of the back of the sofa which is 3 inch wide , it was next to impossible to collect the mat of hair there . An annoying feature was the `` neck '' of the pet brush which connects to the machine . It is very flexible and if you try to apply pressure , the brush just raises and just skims the sofa lightly . Very fast , 5-10 minutes into the job , the machine starts feeling very hot . I am returning the Retriever tomorrow . It is not saving me time at all .
 I have dog at home and purchase that product just for dogs hair . The turbo brush is just OK . It is not working great . If you push it to hard it stops . So If you need that for hard hair cleaning I would not recommended that . Good luck
 The machine does n't hold up well with usage . I 've had it for a few months and now it overheats after five minutes and turns itself off - even when the canister has been cleaned out . The attachments worked great the first two months and then one by one stopped working . The vacuum power is so weak with the attachments on that I can barely feel it with my hand.Without the attachments , the vacuum is still pretty powerful , but again it overheats after five minutes . I ca n't even clean small surfaces without waiting for the machine to cool off and turn itself back on.My cat 's hair is pretty rough and tends to get itself entwined in fabrics making it really hard to clean up . The spinning carpet attachment did a pretty decent job getting the cat hair off my couch - until it stopped working .
 This vacuum overheats after five minutes and turns itself off . It picks up pretty much nothing . Loud and heavy useless junk .
 doesnt capture that much hair at all.trust me - it is horrible .
 Originally it was poorly described in the listing . Not what I wanted.It was not what I wanted.It was for pets and I have no pets .
 wish I had not bought this . The actual vacuum is fine , very strong , but the attachment is very poorly designed . The brush spins by suction and is easily stopped . the whole brush assembly completely fell apart the first time I dropped it , which is easy to do because of the awkward two-hand approach needed to use it .
 It does n't do a good job sucking up the cat litter from the carpet or the cat hair . If I 'm patient with it , and keep trying , the motor gets too hot and shuts down . Very very disappointing item.It 's easy to change attachments/empty the receptacle and the filter works well .
 This vacuum comes with no attachments except the brush for pet hair , which is useless for getting into corners and crevices , and I ca n't seem to find any additional attachments I can get for it . If you just want to clean up dust and pet hair in open discreet areas , it works OK , but for anything more , look elsewhere . Mine 's going back to Amazon .
 We purchased this hand-held to pick up dog fur and also to get dust off of our dogs fur . The suction is definitely not up to par . I 'd compare the suction to one of those inexpensive , unknown name brand vac 's you buy at K-mart or some other retailer for 19.95 or less . For a small hand held it is extremely loud and does heat up quickly . This machine is overpriced and I expected much better from Black & Decker . I would definitely shop around for a higher quality hand-held and only buy this unit if it is a last resort . It failed miserably when used to suck up dog fur from a futon mattress , a leather recliner chair . By the way , this unit absolutely will not pick up dust from a computer/keyboard , nor should it be used as such -LRB- i.e. as a data vac -RRB- .
 I have a balinese cat that sheds 2 '' -3 '' hairs -- not huge clumps , but a uniform `` dusting '' everywhere.The pet hair attachment here is ALMOST a really good design -- pops open easily for regular cleaning . Unfortunately , it 's driven by a fan unit -LRB- i.e. by the cleaner 's suction power -RRB- which is not user-serviceable . After ten square feet of slightly-furred close-nap area rug , its axle was gunked up and it did n't spin freely.This hobbled design is simply not up to the task for which it 's sold .
 I loved this little vacuum , but had to replace the brush head twice , and it still did n't last . Very disappointed .
 I bought this to clean up dog hair on furniture . -LRB- My dog is an Aussie/Golden mix with lots of long hair . -RRB- I used it on my couch , but I had to go back over it with the hand tools on my bulky upright to get rid of all the dog hair . Maybe it works better for short-haired pets . As for general use -LRB- other than dog hair -RRB- , my cordless dustbuster works just as well as this one , without the hassle of a cord .
 I purchased this unit based on reviews and that it is corded -LRB- more power -RRB- . Well I pluged it in and it worked for about 1 minutes worth of vacuuming up ash from my pellet stove . It quickly over heated and shut down . I returned it and am now looking for a different , good hand held vacuum .
 It has a powerful motor with high suction . Unfortunately the position of such a motor in a light , handheld device creates a tremendous gyroscopic effect . The thing always wants to move in a different direction than you want it to . It 's like the thing is alive and fighting you . Extraordinarily irritating and inconvenient . Definitely NOT recommended . I am sending mine back .
 I purchased this corded handheld vacumn because another brand unit my wife had had for many years finally wore out . This unit has proved to be a disapointment because of the egeronomics of it . this actual brush/cleaning head is so far from the handle that it puts a large amount of stress on your wrist and tires you out quickly . Also the dirt collection chamger is awkward to open and close and too small so it needs to be emptied often . It does clean but with so many problem I can not recommend it to others .
 black and decker hand vac we got for picking updog hair is not worth 29.99 . Maybe 15.99 at themost.The attchments donot work at all ! But theone thing I give it credit for is the suction!Thats great !
 My mom bought this vac for me for my Bridal shower.She picked it up in Target with my sister after having a laugh when they saw the vac was called `` the retriever `` My husband and I have a 90 lb blond Golden who sheds like crazy . After one or two rounds vaccuming my couch and stairs the retreiver attachment became entangled with his fur . I had to break apart the attachment I could not get the bristles clean . I HATE that vac . Now I use my swiffer vac on my hard wood . A lint roller on my couch , and TV 's One Sweep -LRB- sweepa -RRB- to rake the dog hair out of my area rug . UGH ! Thanks `` Retriever '' you stink
 Try this
 The sign itself was great but forget about the 10 days they say it take to get it . I ordered this December 3rd for a Christmas gift and it arrived on January 2nd . I hate giving I.O.U.s as a gift . The only reason I do n't give this a 1 star is the sign itself was pretty cool .
 The holder itself was OK , but it would not hold oral B toothbrushes because the holes drilled were not wide enough . The base stained my counter when wet . Should have been rubber instead of felt .
 When I first purchased this chair I LOVED it . But after only 6 months the seat cushioning completely broke down and now there is no padding left and no support . I weigh appx 145 lbs . I DO NOT recommend these chairs .
 I purchased this chair based on the reviews and the price , I thought if it cost more it would be better construction . The chair is well built and the leather is soft but !!! It 's very uncomfortable I used it for 29 days hoping it would break in and become comfortable , that did n't help , my back became worse than ever . I was lucky I PURCHASED DIRECT from AMAZON because it was a couple day past the return date . Amazon was great in the way they handled my dissatisfaction and thier help in returning the chair fora refund , i ca n't say enough about thier customer service !!! . The chair seems to be built for a tall person I 'm 5 ' 11 '' and the head rest was still about 3-4 inches too high so it was useless that along with the lack of padding just made the chair totally uncomfortable . After I returned the chair I bought a chair by Palliser . It was a couple hundred $ $ $ less , so much for thinking a higher price would translate to a better chair . The new chair is great , soft and comfortable it also has an adjustable head rest .
 The grater holes are not EXTRA coarse , or normal ` large ' , more like medium size and the actual cutting width of the grater is 13/4 in . !!! So it cuts okay , but it takes more effort for continually turning cheeses and safely pressing hard as the angle on the grater blades is not optimal -LRB- you end up with finely shredded cheese , not reg . shredded -RRB- I ordered the extra coarse for large holes for regular size shreds . For speed and ease of cutting - by design this is not the best buy . I can cut more faster on the cheap store cheese grater as you have a cutting surface that is wider than the average cheese width and regular ` large ' holes . after all the great reviews I read here I am disappointed . And the photo makes it look like the same or close to same cutting surface as a regular grater , it is not , if they widened it out to at least 21/2 inch in cutting width and another inch or 2 in cutting length -LRB- cutting in length it currently is 33/4 in -RRB- it would be optimal cutting surface , and of course , advertise the size of holes correctly to what is actually the standard.I like to cook , all parts . I now try to get my daughter to grate the cheese as I do n't enjoy using this . the Style is great , but on size for the function and ease in shredding it is a huge MISS. .
 Magic Chef 0.7 cu . ft. Countertop Microwave in WhiteAssembled Depth -LRB- in . -RRB-
 I agree that it 's an oversight not to provide dimensions . How do I know this will fit the space I need it for ? It looks exactly like what I want , but I would n't buy it without knowing the measurements .
 It looks nice it sounds to be small enough , it 's a shame that there are no dimensions mentioned . Having very limited space available I will need acurate dimensions - this was very frustrating
 I really wanted to love these , but after two sets of sloppily ground blades I gave up , returned them and went for Wusthof . I am surprised by all the high reviews I see .
 Its great that they throw in an extra knife , however the wood block does not have enough slots . Now I have a razor sharp knife in the junk kitchen drawer . Poor planning by cuisinart .
 Wo n't by anything refurbished again . These knives were all extremely dull , and one the sm paring knife had a crack in the blade near the back . Also two of the knives had small knicks , including the bread knife . They should have never been on the market . I did not send them back , too much hassle . I did sharpen them , and are now usable . Spend the extra and get Trident , there is no comparison .
 These knives are already showing spots of rust despite washing by hand & drying . Very disappointed in quality of finish .
 I 'm a coffee junkie and a coffee snob . I spend $ 8/lb on Starbucks coffee and regularly buy good cups of coffee away from home . I 'd been using a relatively inexpensive Mr. Coffee for the better part of a decade , til I broke my carafe . I 'd decided the key features I wanted in a new machine were timer -LRB- which I 'd already used regularly with my old machine -RRB- , and a thermal carafe , so the coffee stays fresher & hot after brewing.The price point on this H-B unit seemed pretty good , considering it came w/2 Thermos-brand travel mugs -LRB- which I did n't really need but do use ... -RRB- I echo others ' comments about the travel mugs being too large/tall as well as drip-prone . H-B touts the uncloseable openings all around the rim as an ease-of-use function , in actuality it 's just so you can brew directly into the machine and create constant dripping hazard . Also , these mugs are n't well-insulated . I have other travel mugs made of actual brushed steel that work better -LRB- the Thermos ones w/this unit feel like brushed plastic exterior , as is the carafe . -RRB- My biggest gripe about this maker , and the one which will probably result in it being returned , is that it brews awful-tasting coffee . It * may * be the filter H-B provides as some have suggested here , then again I 've brewed with that removed and it 's still crappy compared even to my older , cheaper , dirtier machine . You can smell the funky , skunky flavor you 'll be getting whenever you open the -LRB- annoyingly front-hinged -RRB- lid to the water resevoir , or when you open the -LRB- drip-prone -RRB- brew lid , as well as in the -LRB- also drip-prone -RRB- carafe itself . Maybe it 's due to the thermal-carafe design , I dunno . I 've cleaned with vinegar -LRB- within 2 weeks of owning it -RRB- , and have washed the carafe more often than I did with my old glass pot . No luck.This thing has some really poor design features which I could overlook . But it makes bad coffee - the ultimate sin ! Yeah , wirting this has been therapeutic . I 'm now convinced that this thing is going back to BedBathBeyond !
 This coffee maker only makes decent `` To Go '' coffee . For home use , its not practical . You might as well get a regular coffee maker and pour what you want into a travel mug . The coffee is never quite hot enough and makes bland coffee . I 've tried it with several types of coffee grind and still same blandness . It might be due to the amount of coffee grind you put into the machine since its only for brewing 1-2 servings .
 I bought this unit as a Christmas present and have been using it since 12-30-2005 . Followed the manufacturer 's recommend . on first time cleaning/etc . First cup of brewed coffee tasted and smelled like plastic ;--LRB- Cleaned unit again with white vinegar and smell lessened a bit . Coninued to use unit with hopes that smell would go away completely but just the other day it came back worse ! Wrote Hamilton Beach to see what they can do for me .
 I bought this coffee maker for my newly retired father , thinking he could enjoy his morning coffee all morning . He 's an expert with all things electronic , so when he told me he was having problems with the coffee coming out all over the counter , I knew I 'd be returning this item . I did a ton of research , trying to find a thermal coffee maker that works properly ... this one got the best ratings . My father tried to use this machine for at least a week , and no matter what he did , the coffee went all over the counter . He 's a smart guy , so `` operator error '' was n't the problem.Suggestion
 We were so excited to get this coffee maker . The whole concept with the to go mugs thrilled us . We got home , cleaned it out and started brewing and WHOA ! Talk about horrible ... it tasted bitter , rancid , undrinkable . We thought maybe it was the coffee so we bought more . . twice we bought more and the same bad taste.Finally went online to see tons of people had the same problem . Something with the rubber tubing inside . When you open up the compartment where you put the water and smell down inside it you can smell the bad taste that is brewed into your coffee.Needless to say it went back to the store . So disapointed ... it really was what we wanted but it did n't work out .
 1 . Coffee does not stay hot for very long ... 2 hours tops ... stays warm for a while ! 2 . Glass lined Thermal Carafe ... . exploded after 1 month .3 . No pause and serve ... . if cups are not placed EXACTLY in the right spot , coffee pours EVERYWHERE ! 4 . Very user UN-friendly water reserve . Have to look into the reservior from above -LRB- wife is too short ... always miss measures ! -RRB- . ONLY positive ... . makes good tasting coffee ... but how hard is that!That 's about enough !
 We received this `` lemon '' of a coffee maker as a Christmas gift last year . It leaks all over the place , the lines clog up very easily and , after 10 months , the timer unit has filled with condensation so that the automatic funtion does not work at all . When I called their customer service , they would n't honor the warranty because we do n't have a receipt -LRB- it was a Christmas Gift ! -RRB- even though they can tell from the manufacture date that it went into the stores as Christmas merchandise . Their response is that we drive it to their service center an hour away or we can send it to them to be looked at-which will take at least 6-8 weeks . What horrible customer service and a coffee maker of this price point should certainly last more than ten months!Bottom line
 I 've had two Hamilton Beach products . The first was Brew Master , which we wanted because the coffee is dispensed through a coffee carafe at the top of the machine . However , the carafe is plastic with seams and after 4 months began to leak all over the counter . Hamilton Beach replaced the carafe , but the new one leaked again after 4 months . We then demanded a Stay or Go Thermal Coffeemaker . I had it for two or three weeks and then as I was washing it out with hot water and a bottle sponge , the glass vacuum liner blew up with a bang ! Glass shards scattered all over the sink and kitchen floor . I was lucky not to have gotten shards in my eyes . Please look out for this one ! I 'm only buying stainless steel carafes from now on .
 After following the manufacturer 's directions for cleaning as well as using a generic cleaning solution , the coffee STILL has a plastic rubbery taste . You can smell the terrible taste in the water reservoir . Even the travel cups have the same smell to them.Don ' t buy this unit !!
 I also have the problem where the machine shuts off after 3 seconds . It 's essentially useless now and the warranty period has ended.Even when the machine worked , it was n't that great .
 great idea - too bad it does n't work reliably . it seems to fail differently each time I try using it -LRB- I 'm sure I 'm doing something ` wrong ' -RRB- this last , and final time I ended up with half the coffee in the carafe - and the other half all over the counter / floor . that 's a first ! I suspect I may have fastened the carafe 's top on too tightly - or maybe did n't place it quite perfectly dead-center . making coffee with this device is a highly involved process - if you fail to perform your assigned tasks adequately - you will be punished.other times something seems to jam and the coffee never makes it out of the filter.the included mugs are difficult to drink from - it takes practice not too spill all over yourself.as others have mentioned - the coffee does n't taste right to me . it seems kind of burnt - but I suspect this is the same plastic / rubber flavor others have reported.its back to the store - if I can find my receipt that is ...
 I bought this coffee maker for the thermal carafe and the two mugs . I did n't do enough reading about it , and I now regret that . I have washed the mugs several times , SOAKED them in vinegar , and they STILL taste horrible ! The coffee does taste fine to me in any other mugs I own -LRB- I filter all my water so I did n't use their filter -RRB- . I was a bit skeptical when I went to brew a single cup of coffee , and I put the mug under the filter basket . First , I thought the coffee would certainly come out of the filter basket and miss the mug entirely . It did not however , but that is when I realized that you can not remove the carafe while the coffee is brewing to pour a cup , there is not stopper and it will keep on dripping out of the machine onto your counter.Do yourself a favor and pass on this one .
 I received this coffee maker as a Christmas gift and was very excited thinking it would be very convenient . I 've been very disappointed however . The very first time I used it I thought it was broken because all I could see in the time display was 8888 . Finally I realized you have to bend down and get on eye level with the display before you can read the numbers -- is that bad design or what ? Did n't they ever try using this coffee maker after they designed it ? Then I made my first pot of coffee and it was very weak . I finally realized that I need to use nearly double the amount of coffee to make the same strength coffee as I did in my old Mr. Coffee coffee maker . Instead of being very convenient this coffee maker has been very annoying .
 The carafe fits very tight onto the maker . When removing the carafe , you must hold onto the unit to get it out . It takes two hands to remove the carafe ! The commuter mugs have large opening that readily spill the coffee with any movement . For a quality product , these mugs should have the slide closures to prevent the coffee from spilling .
 I ca n't believe this would pass R&D. ; If I could give it a 0 star rating - I would.EVERY time you pour a cup of coffee , -LRB- no matter how hard you try -RRB- coffee drips down the front of the pot and all over what ever you are pouring over.You seriously have to pour your coffee over the sink everytime you pour a cup.Horrible , horrible design .
 I 'll make this brief ... first time washing the travel mugs , the cups separated into two pieces . The Carafe as others ave mentioned drips , which is so bad you have to pour over the sink to catch the mess . Now after a month of use , the display is failing . Life is too short to put up with an annoying machine like this .
 This has to be the most poorly designed coffee maker I have ever used . The reservoir lid flips up towards the front of the coffee maker , so you have to turn the thing 90 degrees to get around the lid to pour the water in . There 's no cut-off mechanism if you happen to take the carafe out before it 's finished brewing -- and it takes a * long * time to finish brewing , and continues to piddle out hot streams of coffee long after you think it 's finished -- so there is a constant dripping problem . The carafe is just atrociously designed . You have to screw the lid on completely or it wo n't fit under the drip mechanism . Then you have to unscrew it to get the coffee out again . But the lid is a flat disk with only a tiny series of striated bumps all around the edge , so once it gets hot and steamy , it 's almost impossible to unscrew -LRB- you just ca n't get any purchase on it -RRB- unless you have a dishtowel handy , which fortunately you will have , as the machine will have been DRIPPING so much . As I said , you ca n't pour out of the carafe * unless * the lid is unscrewed -LRB- though coffee * will * spill out through the little air holes in the top even if the lid is screwed on tight -RRB- -- but you ca n't unscrew it too much , or the coffee pours out too fast , unevenly and messily . Pouring the carafe without the lid on just makes a bigger mess . Since I got this machine I have not stopped wiping boiling hot coffee off my kitchen counters , hands , and clothes . Do yourself a favor and avoid this slow motion industrial accident for the home .
 Pros
 Caraffe is big and unweildy . Coffee does n't stay any warmer than my old coffee maker . Really liked the way it looked on the counter , but good looks do n't carry the coffee drinking experience .
 We liked the idea that the caraffe did n't need to be heated from below ... a big plus with this unit . But ... . we have had some serious problems with the filter backing up and the water leaking over the top of it everywhere on the counter . A FLOOD of coffee . We thought that it might be the filter holes were clogged ... so we made sure they were rinsed out well and could easily flow a stream through them . But then we had a flood again on the counter . So we thought that maybe our filters were ` nt good ... so we bought other ones . And them we had another big flood of coffee -LRB- this has proven to be very staining to our white grouting -RRB- . So we thought perhaps we were grinding our coffee too fine and it was packing down too tight ... . so we ground it coarser ... and yet , ANOTHER DANG FLOOD . We have followed the instructions perfectly ... and still these overflows.So now we are ticked ... we have never had this headache with a coffee maker before ... . and all we want is some coffee in the morning . So we 're going to try and return the stupid thing -LRB- our reciept and box are long gone -RRB- . Sure hope we can get an exchange ... and certainly NOT another one of these.Oh ... and the mugs that come with it do n't have handles on them like the ones in the picture do .
 My husband and I bought this coffee maker because we had recently broken 4 glass coffee carafes while washing them -- by accidentally banging them into the faucet or the side of the sink . So when we saw the stainless steel carafe we thought we were set -- this would be the last coffee maker we would have to buy . Little did we know that inside the stainless steel outer layer of the carafe is a very thin glass container -LRB- it looks like metal when you look inside the carafe -- but trust me -- it is glass -RRB- . Since the glass liner of the carafe is very thin it is also very sensitive to heat changes , so when we rinsed it out after brewing coffee -LRB- I guess the water was too cool and the pot was too hot -RRB- the inside of the carafe exploded . At least the coffee maker came with 2 mugs that it can brew into , so it is not totally useless .
 I will not speak of the features of the machine , because only the taste of the coffee is important to me . My wife and I love coffee and had been using a perculator for quite some time.We received a drip coffee maker to remain nameless as a gift and returned it right away -LRB- weak flavor -RRB- . We exchanged it for the Hamilton Beach after being sold on it by a salesperson who supposedly used to work at Starbucks . I had n't done my homework , since we were just as soon going to take a store credit and stick with the perculator . What a mistake !!! The Hamilton Beach made THE WORST TASTING COFFEE I have ever had . I only wish I was exaggerating . It tasted like burnt rubber . It was bitter , plasticky and almost undrinkable . As I love the pure taste of coffee , I take it black with a touch of soy milk just to cool it down . It was like drinking a cup of burning tires !! I use Starbucks beans at home , freshly ground , so there was no reason why it should taste bad , other than the maker . I tried it from a regular mug and the included travel mugs -LRB- more below -RRB- . I also tried it with Seattle 's Best just to make sure . HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE !!! It smelled bad , tasted bad and left an amazingly disturbing aftertaste that would not go away ! I do not understand how a coffee maker could create such a terrible taste out of delicious coffee beans , but it did . We brought it back and exhanged it for a Cuisinart , which makes the most amazing tasting cup of coffee -LRB- with the same beans !! -RRB- . We could not be happier with the Cuisinart machine.One of the ways they hook you into the Hamilton Beach was via the two included travel mugs . BEWARE !! Not only did they add another dimension of plasticky burnt taste , but the drinking holes on top are open . So , in putting my bag on my shoulder , locking my front door , getting my metrocards and riding the NY subway ... I have coffee stains on the sleeves of all my coats !!! All in all , DO NOT BUY THIS MACHINE IF YOU ENJOY THE TASTE OF COFFEE !!! If you bought one or get one as a gift , RETURN IT . You 've been warned .
 This makes the worst tasting coffee I 've ever had . As mentioned in another review , the coffee tastes like burnt rubber - and funny enough , if you look inside the reservoir , you will see that the intake hose is made out of pink raw rubber ! The inside of the resevoir smells very strongly of raw rubber as well . And that is the taste that goes into the coffee - YUCK !!!! We are returning ours today .
 I recently purchased a Hamilton Beach Thermal Carafe coffee maker . The coffee has a chemical aftertaste-it tastes like new plastic . In addition , the coffee is very weak - as it brews , it pours through the filter at one speed -LRB- rapid -RRB- . I have seen other models make stronger coffee with a setting - made by the user - to control the rate of water flow through the filter .
 My boyfriend gave this to me as a birthday gift just over 2 years ago - October , 2003 . I liked the simplicity , I liked the coffee -LRB- the initial plastic smell dissipated quickly -RRB- , I liked the carafe . I do n't use it heavily - just once a day -LRB- at most -RRB- , and I only make a 3 - `` cup '' pot . Nevertheless , two weeks ago I started noticing a strong bubbling noise during the brew cycle , and my pots were coming up short . It appears the pump is no longer working well , probably due to a broken seal somewhere . But the result is that much of the water ends up boiling away , so my 3 - `` cup '' pot is now only 2 - `` cups '' . Considering that this was n't exactly an inexpensive product , I would 've expected more than 2 years of use . Its predecessor-but-one -LRB- a misbegotten grind-n-brew experiment notwithstanding -RRB- lasted me 10 years . Not acceptable .
 I was excited to purchase this since the concept seemed great . But when I actually tried using it , I noticed that the heating element did n't shut off when the water was gone , and even after running through a couple of cycles to clean it out good , my coffee still tasted like plastic . It 's hard to see the markings in the water reservoir when you are filling it , and I found the carafe lid to be clumsy . The last few ounces in the pot were very difficult to pour . I did like that the carafe was glass-lined , but alas , by the time the coffee got to the pot , it already tasted like plastic.Also , it was annoying that to start brewing you always have to depress the brew button twice -LRB- where once puts you into automatic brew mode -RRB- .
 Would not advise purchase of this product . This Coffee Maker model DID NOT brew `` HOT '' Coffee . Carafe DID NOT keep -LRB- `` WARM '' -RRB- Coffee brewed warm for more than a half hour . I called Coffee Maker , Hamilton Beach Customer Service and was asked to ship Coffee Maker to them for service/replacement . I did send Coffee Maker just before Labor Day Holiday , have not been contacted or received serviced/replacement yet . Although Hamilton Beach assured me a Coffee Maker that brewed `` HOT '' Coffee would be mailed back within 24 to 36 hours , I have not yet received a serviced/replacement Coffee Maker . I like my coffee brewed `` HOT '' and want the coffee to stay hot longer than a half hour in the thermal carafe after brewing , so I purchased a Coffee Maker with a Thermal Carafe from another maker .
 We bought this coffeemaker as a replacement for a Black and Decker space saver coffeemaker which was driving us crazy -LRB- very messy to pore a cup of coffee , with a lot of dripping -RRB- . Compared to that coffeemaker , the Hamilton Beach model is much better and much less messy to use . However , we have owned the Hamilton Beach now for approximately one month and have problems getting and keeping the machine turned on . The `` auto '' function sometimes works properly and sometimes does n't , so my husband never knows if he will have coffee to take to work with him in the morning or not . And when I turn the machine on , sometimes it stays on and sometimes it immediately clicks off and I have to keep pushing the `` on '' button until it eventually stays on and brews a pot of coffee . At any rate , we can get a `` free '' replacement by sending the manufacturer the plug from this machine , along with a check for $ 7.50 to cover shipping and handling for the new one . I understand the reasoning behind the replacement policy , and am happy to have a warranty which allows me to get a replacement , but it a little galling to have to pay the additional $ 7.50 on top of the cost of the coffeemaker we bought only a month ago . I am thinking of just purchasing a new coffeemaker from another manufacturer and using the Hamilton Beach as backup , since we have had so many problems with it .
 We liked the idea of a built-in thermal carafe . But this machine has drawbacks that has made it more of a disappointment than a boon to us :1 -RRB- The clock is n't backlit .2 -RRB- The carafe does n't hold very much coffee . The carafe 's bulk is misleading .3 -RRB- The darn thing drips for several minutes after it has stopped percolating .4 -RRB- Pouring coffee out of it is a challenge , especially if you 're getting near the bottom of the carafe .5 -RRB- The coffee does n't stay warm for long , even with the extra-bulky carafe.It is not worth the money we spent . Looks good on the counter , though.It 's inevitable that we have to sop up coffee from somewhere every time we use it . Frankly , I want to drink it , not have it end up in a kitchen rag.Recommendation
 This is the most disappointing coffeemaker I have ever owned ! First off , I like my coffee a bit stronger , and it can barely accomodate the extra grounds.Second , it spits and sprews and steams like it 's working for all it 's worth . Third , the coffee never tastes good . It always has a bitter quality to it . The water runs in too fast I think . I called Hamilton Beach because all it did was steam one month after I bought it . They sent me a chemical to run through it ; said it was probably clogged . This BTW was even after I ran the vinegar treatment through it 3 times in the first month . I have since retired this unit that cost me $ 45.00 new . I am using a little 4 cup Black & Decker that cost $ 12.00 and I am much happier . Anyone want my Hamilton Beach ? I 'll sell it cheap !
 I received this coffee maker for Christmas 2009 , I am writing this on 2/28/10 . Last week the maker started only brewing half the water in the reservoir . I had to press the start button twice to get it to finish . Today , I went to go turn it on and it stops after 1 cup brews . How do they sell a $ 75 coffee maker that stops working after 3 month . What a piece of crap . After seeing the poor craftsmanship of this , I will never buy any Hamilton Beach product .
 We have had this coffee maker at work now for about 3 months and it is driving me nuts . It drips -LRB- a lot -RRB- if you use the carafe to pour water into the resevoir , and it drips when you pour a cup of coffee . Consequently , I am constantly having to clean up the kitchen counter and the floor underneath -LRB- and sometimes the cabinet door and drawer -RRB- . The coffee tastes really bad - often it tastes kind of like plastic - to the point hwere I am wondering if there is just something wrong with my unit . Is the water too hot ? I do n't know what wrong with it ... would never urge anyone to buy this model .
 1 . Its hard to pour the water into the unit , without making a mess . -LRB- always have to clean up mess -RRB- 2 . It Drips , and it drips badly , especially while pouring your coffee -LRB- mess # 2 to clean up -RRB- 3 . It does n't have the pause feature.I am throwin mine in the trash where it belongs , and goin back to black and deckers coffee maker .
 First of all this coffee maker was expensive , then you can not leave the lid on & use it for it 's primary function as a carafe because it does not run into the hole on the lid as indicated in the instructions but overflows . Then at least 1 time a week the coffee maker over flows -LRB- dont know why , I make coffee the same way every day -RRB- leaving boiling hot grounds and coffee with grounds in it , not salvagable even until the next pot is ready . No matter what I tried I hate this coffee maker , although it is working I am getting a new one .
 I soon noticed that after rinsing out the carafe , after you turn it upside down , a bit of coffee would still drip out . I discovered the rubber seal in the top of the carafe leaks , allowing coffee and wash water to get trapped inside and dribble out when you pour . I 'm not referring to the screw-on lid but the carafe itself.If you like dishwater in your coffee , buy this coffee maker !
 After two years , this product stopped warming the water to the appropriate temperature and does not force the water through the ground at the proper speed , resulting in crappy coffee . We liked the package and the price and it made good coffee in the past but after two years , we are looking elsewhere from Hamilton-Beach products .
 We have only had this coffee maker for 3 months and it does n't work . It turns off after only a few seconds and you have to repeatedly push the on button until the pot is full !
 Giancarlo is dead-on with his complaint of rubbery smell & taste of the coffee . I thought we had a bad carafe and returned it to the manufacturer . They were great - sent me a new one right away - but still same horrible taste & smell . I 'm wondering if his new hose fixed the problem - if not , I 'll be shelling out $ 100 for a new coffee maker - this stuff is undrinkable and I 'm no coffee connoisseur .
 Bottom line
 This is getting one star simply because I ca n't give it zero stars . As mentioned in some of the other reviews , the filth that this coffee makes is undrinkable . There is an overpowering stale , oily taste from the first cup to the last . Perhaps that 's an improvement for those using cheap canned coffee , but for the rest of us , that 's unacceptable.I 've tried cleaning it , using different filters , using filtered water , and using different coffees . Every pot is bad.Don ' t buy this machine under any circumstances .
 Hot Coffee - yesFast - yesPain - yesHeavy - yesHard to put carafe in - yesDoes not hold enough coffee - yesCant put carafe back if lid not screwed back - yesYou have to turn carafe completely over to get coffee out - yesHoles in cup to close to center so when you go to drink coffee builds up so when it hits the holes it is the good morning hot as hell coffee shower - yesDO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND SAVE YOUR MONEY , BUY THE SAME THING FROM MR.COFFEE FOR $ 20 AND TAKE YOUR KIDS TO THE MOVIES !
 I own another Cuisinart knife that I love . Thought I 'd buy the chef 's knife as a compliment but when it arrived the blade was damaged ; bent and the edge was very wavy . I was told by Amazon that they would send a replacement and that I should wait . I have . Nothing has shown up and this knife is unusable unless I want to chop something.Not happy.Vincent
 I was extremely upset when I received my tricorner bowl . Emblazoned with Made in India on the box , the quality was far inferior to the made in USA Nambe products that I have purchased in the past . I ended up returning this item .
 Having lived in New Zealand for a year , I came back home to the US totally hooked on having an electric kettle . So , I headed over to Target and picked up the Hamilton Beach Kettle . What a ripoff ! After a month or so of use , I tossed out the box and figured everything was fine . It was n't . Literally TWO MONTHS of daily use for afternoon tea and the switch no longer worked . It simply would not turn on at all . DO N'T WASTE YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY on this kettle ! Wish I 'd read the reviews here first ... you bet I will from now on !
 This kettle is nice looking . Heats water to a boil very fast . The problem is that it only lasted 6 month . Anyone up for a class action suit against the maker for foisting this evidently flawed designed kettle on us consumers ? Out of the many kettles and hot air pots I 've used over the years , this was the shortest lasting one . Come on it 's just a hot water pot . How hard can it be to design one that will work for years . Pass on this one , unless doing returns and getting manufacturer help to replace it is your `` thing . ''
 After only a couple months of regular use , the kettle is leaking and corroding aound the water level window.Try another brand if you use a kettle on a regular basis .
 I purchase this kettle about 3 months ago , after the first use I took it back as it leaked , overheated and would n't shut off then would no long work at all . I loved the design so I exchanged this kettle for the same one as I thought if was just a fluke - WRONG ! I 've used the replacement for a month about once a day and now it wo n't shut off or get to a full boil , you can see the light going on and off but the switch never goes up to shut off and it wo n't fully heat the water . Piece of junk , poor design .
 My 1st kettle started leaking badly after just 4 months . I have just returned my 2nd after it melted ! Luckily my wife was nearby and could smell the burning and unplug the kettle , I then managed to pull the kettle off the base -LRB- it had melted itself stuck to the base -RRB- and discovered a dime sizw hole in the bottom with a metal part hanging down inside . Hamilton Beach products are now banned from my home . I hate to think what could have happened if my wife was not close by to shut of the kettle .
 Do not Purchase this kettle . The kettle started leaking in the first three months . My observations show that this kettle leaks at the seal between the water level indicator and the kettle body -LRB- a penetration into the body -RRB- . Do your research and you will see that there is really a inability among manufacturers to design a kettle that does work without leaking . Purchase you next kettle without the water level or any other penetration into the main body of the kettle . I have a stainless steel stove kettle that is 22 years old and still works without leaking . Unfortunately it takes some time to reach a boil -LRB- a major advantage of electric kettles -RRB- . I am sure that an electric kettle could be made that does not leak.To Kettle Designers and Manufacturers
 After reading the negative reviews , I should be happy that my kettle still works at least . Had it for over 1 year . Developed a slow leak . Choose another brand or model .
 I used this at work -LRB- in the winter only maybe once or twice a day -RRB- for about 3-4 years and when it worked , it was good . But many times the contacts in the base that connect to the kettle to heat the water had to be pried up with a paper clip -LRB- while unplugged of course -RRB- as they were down too far for the kettle to make contact . Now today it stopped working again so I adjusted the contacts again and it would n't work ... I finally decided to open the base -LRB- also , while unplugged -RRB- to see what was going on and found that one of the wires was completely broken and another one was corroded , there was a bit of melted plastic around the wires as well.This is dangerous and should not be used . There was absolutely no evidence that there was a problem with corrosion or split wires in the base until I took it apart , which most people wo n't do , so they will either think it just stopped working or it may start a fire or something .
 This kettle seemed like a good deal and worked well at first . Heck , it still heats water like a champ . The problem is that it leaks like crazy and does it into the electric element underneath . I figure that ca n't be good ! It is definitely messy . It seemed so solid too . Oh well .
 This kettle was fine for the first 18 months . It boiled water quickly , was convenient to fill and worked as advertised . The only flaw I found was the fact that it had no thermal insulation for the body of the jug , which got extremely hot.After 18 months , it stopped working . When I replaced it onto the cordless base , it would n't turn on . I unscrewed the base to find melted plastic and some significant burn residue where the power cord connects to the base . I 'm glad this thing did n't burn my house down .
 Bottom part got fried by my oven vent . I called the company and they have no replacement parts whatsoever for the kettle . So I have the expensive top part and they will not send me , even for some money , the bottom part . It 's nothing but a $ 40 piece of landfill now ! I CONSIDER NO REPLACEMENT PARTS TO BE REALLY REALLY BAD SERVICE AND A DISSERVICE TO OUR ENVIRONMENT . HAMILTON BEACH WILL NOT BE GETTING ANYMORE OF MY MONEY . And I hope they do n't get any of yours either !
 We loved this kettle but did n't use it very much . Even so , after less than 1 year , we were waiting for it to boil one day and there was a loud bang from the kettle and it threw a circuit breaker . Now that I 've read that others have had problems too , I 'll definately be shopping around for an alternate brand .
 Great kettle while it lasted , but then the base went puff , and the smoke signaled its demise after 2 years.This is a large chunk of steel to put in landfill . It 's a shame these things are designed to fail so quickly . These a ` holes should be forced to take back all the carcasses .
 bought this kettle which worked well for three months and then stopped working . Will not recommend it .
 Some serious design flaws as the other reviews have already detailed . It basically died on me in a few months .
 Especially when the water is leaking out of the on/off switch.This kettle warns against getting water in the base of the kettle . The manufacturer went so far as posting this caution in five different languages on the base of the kettle . Maybe water and electricity together is not a good thing?Don ' t waste time or money on this turkey .
 Liked the look of this kettle compared to other stainless steel types , but it only lasted about 3 months !
 DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT . Bought this in July 2008 , and just stopped working after one year . Returned it to HB for service and they replaced it promptly . But the `` stainless steel '' has rusted and now -LRB- Sept 2011 -RRB- is starting to leak . It is going in the trash .
 Has a serious leak after two years . It it attractive but should last longer . I also have a Hamilton Beach toaster that looks good but is poorly designed . Am going to avoid HB products in the future . Its a hassle and expensive to be replacing small appliances every two years .
 This product was a handy style , attractive , expensive gift to me , but gives a bad name to `` Made in China '' . It only worked for a few months of extremely light & careful use , mostly for occasional cup of tea . Gently pressed red switch to `` on '' . A big visible spark popped out from under switch , melted a small spot on the base and blew a fuse . Discarded the item immediately . RLS
 I am surprised to see this model is still being sold . I bought this in Canada ealier this year , and it worked only a few months before the base switch stopped working . Because I was now in the states , its was a minor hassle to get a warranty replacement through Hamilton Beach , but one was obtained and cost me $ 8 in misc shipping costs . That one worked only a few months longer , then died the same way as its predecessor . Fool me twice , shame on me , huh ? There seems to be a fundamental engineering flaw with the base switch on the model . Hamilton Beach should take it off the market and re-think the switch . I really wanted this kettle to work for me , loved everything else about it .
 This kettle is no longer working after only 3 months of use . The auto-off takes far too long to switch off and the kettle leaks terribly . The kettle gets too hot . Stick to a good plastic electric kettle .
 I had this kettle for about one month when the light stoped working . About five days after that , it stopped working all together . I took the base apart to see if I could fix it and found that wires had shorted together , burned off the insulations and fused themselves . I feel luck that this did not start a fire . Stay away from this product .
 Bought the kettle at target . Lasted 4 months after which the kettle no longer turns off automatically . Judging by other reviews , this appear to be a generic engineering problem . If I have to be next to kettle to turn it off manually , I might as well use a regular kettle .
 mine broke in 11 months . it switches off by itself before the water gets boiled .
 Do n't be tempted by the price -- this is just junk in a fancy package . It broke on me after less than a year . Judging by the other comments on this site , I was lucky . Before this , I had a Braun which heated up quickly and worked for ten years without a hitch . This kettle took long to boil , the surface became dangerously hot , and both the on/off switch and the water level indicator stuck . Avoid .
 We are on our third tea kettle by Hamilton Beach . Have liked the fact it is cordless . Nice stainless steel . Like the fact lid is removable . Poor quality though . Each one has leaked like a sieve . One was within the first month . They have always replaced them , free of charge . Sometimes it does n't leak , most of the time it does . One even had the switch issue others talk about . When we call we have asked each customer rep if this has been an on going issue ? You got it ... the answer is always no . Will not own another one and will not recommend that anybody buy it .
 We purchased the first one and it worked just fine -LRB- burns you if you touch the metal though -RRB- . Then for some reason it stopped working , so they shipped us a new one for a `` mere '' $ 20 to cover their shipping . Really , $ 20 ?? Then , that one lasted about one year before it stopped working in a very dangerous way . It would always trip the circuit breaker when it was turned on , so I 'm guessing the thing overloads any circuit -LRB- no matter the breaker voltage -- we tried several -RRB- , and they would n't at that point honor our request for a replacement . Bad service , bad warranty , and what appears to be a faulty and perhaps even dangerous product all combine for me to give this one star .
 I bought this to replace an old plastic kettle that was working fine , being 5 years old.First disappointment was that there were plastic parts in contact with water , although I understand , this is common.The kettle turned out to be less convenient , compared to the one I had before :1 -RRB- You can only use it to boil largish quantities of water , which then take longer . If you just want one cup in a hurry , you are out of luck .2 -RRB- Having to open the lid for refilling was a nuisance at first .3 -RRB- The switch can be too easily set accidentally if you have a crowded kitchen table/counter .4 -RRB- The switch can be accidentally held down by other objects on the counter , preventing it from shutting off.Our biggest problem was that less than half a year into the service the kettle started leaking with water getting onto the base . Shortly thereafter the kettle failed to turn off , overboiled and water * erupted * from it onto the counter and onto the base . We were lucky no one got burned or shocked . -LRB- The kettle was not overfilled , and the lid was tight -RRB- . Do not buy it .
 I had the same experience as the other reviewers . The kettle looks great but started to leak when filled over the half way mark . After a few weeks of mopping up the element burned out . Nice design but poor quality .
 Quit on me after 6 months ! I am really disappointed . It had performed faultlessly and the stainless steel finish looked really good on my countertop . Too bad . : -LRB-
 This kettle worked well every morning for around three months to heat up water for coffee . The other morning I noticed the plastic handle was scalding hot to the touch and that most water had boiled off . The auto shut off has failed . I can only hope that if it were not caught it is smart enough to turn off before it melts or catches fire when all the water is gone .
 Unlike many reviewers here , I 've been using this kettle almost daily for a year with no leaks and no malfunctions . However , I 've noticed that the water I boil in this kettle has a strange flavor . It tastes slightly sweet and it 's strong enough to add noticeable flavor to the tea I drink . I 'm certain that the water I use is not responsible for the flavor . I 've put up with it for a while , but I 'm getting concerned that whatever is causing this off-flavor may be toxic -LRB- not to mention that it affects the taste of whatever I use it for -RRB- , so I 'll be replacing the kettle shortly .
 I have purchased 4 of these kettles in the past 2 years . 3 have broken . Same as others report
 My nice 3 month old kettle is now kaput . When it worked , it was great . But after a month , it started working intermittently , and now 2 months later , it wo n't work at all . Oh , and for $ 10 , I can get a replacement kettle from Hamilton Beach . Ummm , no thanks guys . I 'll put that $ 10 toward a more reputable brand when I buy a new one . Thanks for nothing , HB . Hope you guys choke on the $ 35 I spent on this . This model NEEDS to be put out of service . I disassembled the kettle and found that the switch had melted the plastic holding the metal contactors . VERY UNSAFE .
 Save your time and save your money . We received this a Christmas present and the base will melt and burn . Not only is it dangerous and a fire hazard , but it is just another cheap appliance that must be replaced every 1-2 years . Heat your water a different way .
 The Plastic Lever for turning on is flimsey and weak , therefore easily damaged as was ours . We reported to customer service and no response ? Once a sucker buys the product forget about service . Buyer beware !
 I liked this kettle but after a few months , the plastic knob on the lid came off . The treads were not reinforced with metal . Since the lid fits on the kettle very tightly , pulling up on it to fill the kettle required strong pull . The threads stripped and the knob came off .
 Within a month , this tea kettle was leaking . I had it replaced and the second one leaked too . I have now moved to a DeLonghi , and I 'm surprised to find it also leaks . My first DeLonghi lasted five years and was still going strong but looked a little corroded , so I got a new one . I 'm sorry I threw the old one out , because it looks like the new ones with the water level guages have seal problems and leak . If anyone knows of one that does n't have this problem , I would sure like to know . This appliance is a necessity in our house . A whistling stove top tea kettle does n't work for hearing-impaired people and we depend on the auto shut off feature for safety .
 I bought this as a replacement for a Cuisinart electric kettle because it was half the price , which was a serious mistake . It takes far longer to boil than the Cuisinart , and once it boils it just keeps boiling for several minutes , while the Cuisinart turns off right away . Skip this one notwithstanding the apparent bargain .
 I 've owned three of these - two replaced on warranty . The warranty is a bit costly , but mostly I find it a pain to have to replace this thing every year or so because it leaks . All 3 have worked fine until suddenly they start to drip around the bottom , and there is then nothing to do except to get rid of it . I will be very leery to buy Hamilton Beach for any appliance . I will now look elsewhere !
 I 've had this kettle for 11 months and it is not longer working properly , unlike other reviews here mine does not shut off unless I manually do it , so it will boil forever . The pot gets VERY hot and it does leak around the bottom and the handle . I would go with another brand for the money .
 I purchsed this kettle about half a year ago and it 's already broken . The switch kept turning off automatically before boiling . On top of that the outside is not insulated and i got burned by it .
 Looking at the reviews below , this product seems to routinely arrive with at least one broken handle . The boxes are not properly shipped , and the casting of the pans themselves appears poor . Returned the one I received -LRB- with broken handle -RRB- and went back to using a stone .
 This pizza pan made truly great , extraordinary pizzas with perfect crust . However , after I used it about 5 times , the baking surface started `` delaminating . '' That is , the baked-on porcelain coating started coming off in spots . I returned it and got a Lodge cast-iron 14 '' pizza pan in its place . I hope it will produce as good a pizza without coming apart .
 I truly wish I had read the other reviews . I got the first pan in the mail . . broken handle ... sent it back . Got the replacement pan within two days ... great ! same thing broken handle . Sent it back and this time asked for a refund . My real problem came in that I also ordered the `` free bonus '' spoon and the pizza cutter recommended for use with the pan . The spoon was no longer free and I have a pizza cutter for a pan that I do n't have . I am billed over $ 25 for spoon I would not have ordered separately and a pizza cutter that I do n't really need . Something is definitely wrong with this picture !!! Has anyone gotten a pan with the handles intact ? I had read in the newspaper the wonders of the pan so I want one .
 We never did get this item for keeps . It was shippped and sent back twice . We gave up and got our money back . The packaging was horrible . Worst I 've ever seen . I 've seen hard-back books shipped better than this item.The pans ' handles are delicate . Each time it arrived , a handle was broken due to poor packing . The product seemed great . They just need to pack it , to hold up to the shipping .
 This pan arrived in its original box packed in a large box with very little packaging . The original box was wrapped with so much tape that I am convinced it has been sent to more than 20 people . More so , I am convinced that it has been sent BROKEN - both handles sheared off - to more than 20 people . Please pull this item from your stock Warehouse personnel . The pan is CHEAP . Do n't buy it new or otherwise .
 We purchased this clock expressly for our motor home travels . The criteria was to have a clock that is small , can be read in the dark , has numbers large enough to see without aid of glasses , and , most importantly , has a battery back up that will return to the correct time after an extended period without shore power . We have tested the clock at home and found it does not return to the correct time . In fact , it is at least 20 minutes fast each time we plug it in after an extended time without power . So we are very disappointed in this purchase .
 I ordered and am now returning this set if utensils . My wife has a set of Analon Professional cookware , so I thought these would be a nice accessory . When the box arrived , it says FREE with any purchase of Analon over $ 150 , so it looks really cheesy as a gift . The tools themselves look to be low quality and are rather small . After receiving this set , I did a more thorough search for Ananlon utensils and found their `` Sure Grip '' line at Linens N Things . They are $ 10 per piece , so about double the price , but at least triple the quality . I think she 'll love the new ones !
 # 1 This is supposed to be free with $ 150 purchase # 2 I went to Walmart , bought Farberware -LRB- also made by Meyer ... like Analon -RRB- ... the nicer utinsels were $ 2.82 each and NICE and the ok -LRB- not as nice but still quality -RRB- were about $ 1.80 each.I 've seen Calphalon , Analon , KitchenAid , etc. ... do n't waste your time or money ... go see for yourself and buy Farberware -LRB- they also had some decent , like for extra 's , utinsels for $ .50 each to expand you selection of tools -RRB- . And I have Anolon Professional Cookware Set , and a variety of other Calphalon , and other high quality cookware .
 i was really shocked to get my utensils . could n't believe these were intended as a free promotional gift and i paid $ 30.00 for them . wished i read the other reviews i never would have ordered them . now i have to take the time and send them back , i 'm not happy at all .
 How lame for Amazon.com to sell a free gift that one would get if you bought a set of Anolon cookware . I was so excited to get these utensils to give as a gift to my mother in law , but when I recieved it , the box had , in HUGE LETTERS , the following
 I recieved this set as a gift and I seriously doubt that the gift giver paid the thirty dollars amazon is asking . If they did , I would be quite ashamed of them . Not only are the utensils made of poor quality , inexpensive materials ; there seem to be some pretty major design flaws as well . While the turner and pasta thingy are fine , I still have n't figured out what they were thinking when they made this ladle . It is bulky and has a tremendous surface area , thus making it more difficult to clean , yet it does not appear to have a proportional capacity . That is to say
 This looked like a good utensil for using in my new non-stick pan for making scrambled eggs and such , but the leading edge on this spoon is just way too flimsy . It seems like there is about 3/4 '' of silicon that overhangs the metal form , making the front edge just completely unsupported an unable to use for even scraping something soft like scrambled eggs . Poorly designed product .
 I purchased this model from a retail outlet about 8 months ago . In fact , I purchased two - one for myself and one as a gift . It really does a very good job of keeping beverages cold , and because of its small size , it 's really handy . The bad news is that after the first 6 months , the motor got really loud ... REALLY loud ... and then died . I thought perhaps it was just mine , but the one I gave as a gift went through the same process and is now gone , as well . At these prices , I guess they 're a disposable item , but they should really have lasted a bit longer than they did .
 I bought this fridge to store some cold sodas in my office . It works well enough and keeps the sodas cold . It also is an attention-getter due to its stylish design . However , for the life of me I ca n't get past the noise of the motor . I tried putting a box between me and the fridge , but in my office the sound reverberates off the walls . It 's now sitting unplugged with some warm sodas inside . I 'll probably end up giving it to someone who does n't mind the noise .
 Not too good . The containers seem to develop cracks along the bottom and then leak . The manufacturer has been OK about replacing them , but this is a real defect !!!
 I have had three of the 3.25-quart canisters . All have developed cracks in the bottom , losing the ability to seal . They were infinitely useful before the cracks developed . I have the medium sized and smaller sized canisters as well . They are holding up much better.Save your money . Buy the smaller canisters . They do n't hold as much , but seem to last longer .
 I 've been using Foodsaver round canisters for about 5 years . As others have noted , they sometimes crack on the bottom -- but by my experience , primarily with a certain usage pattern . The canisters that I seldom open and reseal are doing just fine , but the ones I frequently open and reseal -LRB- 3-8 times a week -RRB- are the ones that crack.Since all the cracks stem from the injection molding point on the bottom , this leads me to believe that this is a manufacturing defect in their canisters . Specifically , the frequent resealing causes stresses on the canister bottom that reveal a structural weakness at the injection molding point . After enough reseal cycles , this results in a crack.What you can do that might help mitigate this problem : * Do n't refrigerate your canisters , if at all possible -LRB- thermal variation may exacerbate the cracking problem -RRB- . If you 're marinating overnight , oh well . * Never , ever freeze a canister or heat one in a microwave . * Hand wash your canisters -LRB- again , the thermal factor -- dishwasher water can get quite hot -RRB- . Ultimately , though , if you 're going to use your canisters for things you 'll frequently access , consider using the `` light vacuum '' setting on your Foodsaver -LRB- if your model has one -RRB- -- this may lengthen the service life of those canisters . Otherwise , be ready to contact Foodsaver customer service for replacements when -LRB- not if -RRB- your canister cracks . FYI , I 've had some success getting replacements on out-of-warranty canisters via email contact -LRB- but never via phone call -RRB- . For canisters that are seldom accessed -LRB- and where long-term freshness of the contents is a bigger issue -RRB- , you should be OK using the normal vacuum setting . The ones I use this way have been in service -LRB- contents under vacuum -RRB- for 2-5 years with no problems.As for the reviewer who had the lids `` fall apart ''
 I was storing some left over cereal in this and as I turned on the machine to remove the air , the bottom of the canister cracked . Ugh !
 Basically , the FOODSAVER system is sound and well designed EXCEPT for the canisters which often crack . Many of us have urged Tilia to upgrade the plastic canisters , and so far they have refused . I do not put the canisters in the dishwasher , or even use harsh chemicals . One canister cracked , pressurized , on the shelf after a few weeks without being moved . When you call Tilia they will let you know that there is NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND on their canisters , which tells volumes about how they view their own product.Tilia blames their customers for the cracks . I am honestly sorry I did not heed the warnings I read by Amazon consumers before I purchased . I usually depend on Amazon customer recommendations for all my purchases . I have spent much money on Tilia accessories , and am now considering looking for another brand . Hope this helps , Ron
 After using it a few times , it stopped sealing . I noticed that it was cracked on the bottom , like others have found . The plastic appears to be too thin on the bottom to withstand the vacuum pressure . It was gently handwashed , never dropped/abused etc. I just spoke to Foodsaver and I am not happy . Not only will they not warranty this product , but they said it 's not their problem because I purchased it from Amazon and not directly from them - they said they have no control over shoddy products sold by others . When I pointed out that it is their product , which they manufactured , they said I should have purchased it directly from them because they no control over what happens to the product after it leaves their warehouse -LRB- ! -RRB- . However , it still would not be covered under any warranty . Their solution for customer satisfaction
 I purchased the FoodSaver 3.25-Quart Designer Canister and after one use the base developed a crack preventing an air tight seal . I exchanged it for a new one thinking it was an anomaly . My assumption was wrong , the second canister failed after the first use with an identical base crack . This product has a serious design defect , or very shoddy manufacturing protocols .
 I 've had 8 of these canisters in various sizes . The 2 smallest sizes work great . The two largest sizes all crack within several months of use . The cracks admit air and disallow the canisters from holding a vaccum . -LSB- They still make nice canisters , however -RRB- . This is a pity since the units are otherwise very well made and aesthetically pleasing .
 Very disappointed in Food Saver 's Canisters . I 've had this canister for just over 5 months and stress cracks are appearing in the bottom .
 I bought this a few months ago and have used it 4 times now . It was used to store pasta . Noticed after forth use it would not hold its seal . Found large crack along the bottom of canister . Keep in mind this was only ever hand washed , never dropped , and never put in refrigerator . I should have listened to other posts about this product.Truley this is a piece of garbage ! Looks nice , but very poorly engineered.Seriously ... dont waste your time with this canister .
 twice I have recieved canisters that after the first vacume have cracked along the bottom center seal and would not hold a vacume . I have repaired this leak with glue but feel the canister is not well made .
 I bought two of these and have had them for several months . One cracked and neither glue nor duct tape would fix it . The other one is still working , so , we 'll see , but these do seem to be poorer than the older canisters .
 They crack and stop sealing after a short time . They would not honor the warranty
 I purchased three of these and used them two to four times . After that , they cracked on the bottom when the vacume was applied . One broke on the second usage . I like and use the smaller versions of these and believe the manufacturer needs to make the bottom of the larger ones thicker .
 did not even make it one month , dec 2006 bought by jan 3 one cracked , went to get out second one it was cracked a week later , bought them for my coffee beans . what a waste , sad thing they know they have the problem they told me when i called.maybe they should have a recall , call and complain !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 . . these are cracking too . What is Foodsaver 's problem ? This cracking of their product , which is clearly defective , has been going on for several years . HELLO ???
 We use the canisters to keep cereal , crackers , and dry snacks fresh . However , 3 of the canisters cracked at the bottom after about 6 mos use . We only hand wash these canisters . I called Food Savers and they said there 's no warranty on these canisters . But since we purchased them less than a year ago , they 're willing to replace them for us even though the CSR could n't find the exact sizes we have from their product list . But at least they tried !
 I really do like these containers . I have about three dozen of them and I have had problems with this size cracking on the bottoms due to the extreme pressure of the suction . -LRB- I have never dropped them or washed then in the dishwasher . I hope they can improve on the design .
 Like the other reviewer I am having problems with some of the containers not sealing correctly . In my case , 2 of the 4 containers will not hold a vacuum . The leak appears to come from inside the pumping mechanism . I do like the basic design but the quality control seems poor .
 I purchased the small mouth jar sealer . I could n't get it to seal the jar once I vacumed down the jar . Upon removal of jar sealer it pulled off the mason jar lid every time . The large one did not have any problems at all . The small one is just too tight on the lid and the seal too tight . I do not recammend this product .
 The idea of being able to seal my dehydrated foods into canning jars with lids really appealed to me . I purchased this small mouth jar sealer because that is the type of jars I have most of.Used this with a couple jars and it worked great , on the third jar the sealer pulled the just sealed lid off the jar when removed . I wasted 3 lids trying to seal one jar and it still did n't work . If you do n't mind the hit and miss of some jars sealing and other not sealing this is probably worth buying , but I think vacume packing in bags is less fustrating .
 I need to send this item back . The rubber seal keeps coming off when you pull the sealer of jar and itkeeps removing the lid with it . Not happy at all
 The wide mouth sealer works fine but this regular mouth sealer has never worked well for some reason . I tried many times but I only got it to seal a regular mouth lid twice . .
 I tried all the tricks that helpful folks recommended , but I just ca n't get this little sucker to work . The wide mouth version worked the first time , and every time ! And you can even find half-pint wide mouth jars . So save youself some trouble and get the wide mouth jar sealer .
 I received this sealer for Christmas . This thing is a POS and does n't seal . I will have to do some experimenting to hopefully get it to work . I have not had success sealing a mason jar with a new lid . I have heated the lid in water and wiped it dry hoping that would get it to seal . No luck . I will have to try a used lid to see it that will seal . I am very disappointed!IMO , save your money .
 Does not work , well , 90 % of the time at least .1 . Rubber seal keeps coming off when you pull the sealer of jar .2 . 9 times out of 10 this Jar Sealer keeps removing the lid when you try to remove it.On my way to returning it now .
 The blue rubber gasket inside the delivered food saver does not work . The rubber seal is pulled out each time the jar sealer is removed . The standard jar sealer worked ok .
 I found that the regular mouth jar sealer I have does not work because the gasket is too small to get an air tight seal . I use the hand held Food Saver but that does not affect the gasket in the jar attachment . I also did not see where to order a new seal . I am highly disappointed in the regular size sealer attachment because I absolute LOVE the wide mouth one and use it practically every day !
 At first I had the problem with it not sealing the lid also . After some investigation , I notice that the pump is acutally holding the lid up and away from the jar during vacuuming . When the pump stopped , the air slowly flowed back around the lid and into the jar . -LRB- Excuse me for I 'm about to go scientific here -RRB- This slow movement of the air creates a pretty much equal pressure on both sides of the lid , therefore keeping the lid `` afloat '' . The solution is to create a greater pressue on the topside of the lid than the bottom side of the lid . However , the clear plastic tube that 's attached to the jar sealer has such a narrow channel that it wo n't allow the pressure to build up fast enough to `` press '' the lid down before air is leaked back into the jar.The trick is to remove the tube quickly from the jar sealer while holding the jar sealer down on the lid . The hole on the jar sealer itself is large enough to build up air pressure quickly , but you must do it fast or else you 'll let air back into the jar.This is exactly how I do it :1 -RRB- Move the jar right next to the food saver2 -RRB- Hold the jar sealer on top of the jar with the thumb and index finger while pressing the power button on the food saver with other fingers of the same hand . Not very easy at first , but with practice it should become second nature .3 -RRB- With the other hand , hold the plug of the tube that 's attached to the jar sealer .4 -RRB- Once the FoodSaver switches from vacuum to seal , quickly yank out the plug of the tube.Now the lid should be tightly sealed against the jar.I do n't remember having this problem with bigger jars , only with the half-pint jars.I gave it 2 stars for bad engineering , but I do n't regret buying it .
 -LSB- For `` why you do n't need it , '' jump to third paragraph . -RSB- First of all , this thing came without instructions of any kind . After a variety of unsuccessful attempts to get a vacuum in the jar , I finally called FoodSaver customer service . The agent said the sealer did not come with instructions because not many people have trouble using it . -LRB- They obviously do n't read the Amazon reviews . -RRB- She instructed me to put my FoodSaver appliance on `` vacuum and seal '' rather than just vacuum , to have the jar ring screwed on while I was vacuuming and , if all else failed , to just leave the sealer on the jar -LRB- like a lid -- without a vacuum -RRB- . To her first suggestion , I asked if she understood how the FoodSaver appliance works , and had to explain that the `` seal '' setting only applies if you are using a bag or roll ; I later discovered that the second instruction was just plain wrong -LRB- after days of frustration trying different jars , different lids , screwing the ring to different tightnesses , `` seasoning '' the lid with oil , etc. -RRB- ; and finally , if I ca n't get a vacuum in the jar , how on earth does it help to leave the sealer accessory sitting on top -LRB- and thus unusable with any other jar -RRB- ? Turning to Amazon reviewers for wisdom , I tried the two lid technique mentioned by one reviewer . -LRB- Put two lids on while vacuuming ; the bottom one will form a seal . -RRB- Could n't get that to work -LRB- but at this point , I was still following FoodSaver 's incorrect instructions to use the ring under the jar sealer -RRB- . So I tried the canister technique suggested by another reviewer . -LRB- Put the whole jar , lid and sealer into a Foodsaver canister and suck the air out . -RRB- Lo and behold , a vacuum formed in the jar!Some Amazon reviewers have explained the principle of how this sealer works -- the lid floats while the air is being pumped out , until the vacuum device is turned off and air rushes in to push the lid down onto the vacuumed jar . -LRB- Thank you ! -RRB- From that information , I realized that I DID N'T NEED THE JAR SEALER AT ALL . Sure enough , I screwed the ring snugly -LRB- but loose enough to let air flow -RRB- over the lid on the jar , put the whole thing into a FoodSaver canister , and vacuumed . When I let the air back in and opened the canister -- viola -- I had a vacuum sealed mason jar ! This technique has n't failed me yet . The down side , of course , is that you need an empty Foodsaver canister sitting around that is large enough to hold the mason jar . But if you do n't want to bother with this troublesome jar sealer , you might try it . -LRB- Due to strain on the canisters , which are also reputed to fail , I would n't recommend doing this every day . -RRB- Before returning the jar sealer to FoodSaver for a refund , I decided to give their customer service another chance to explain the proper sealing technique . This time , I got an agent who laughed at the idea of using the ring while sealing , and suggested that I try the two lid method again WITHOUT the ring . This actually worked -- twice . On the next 20 + attempts -LRB- until I gave up -RRB- , the jar sealer just laughed at me . So I give this device zero stars for lack of instructions , poor engineering , ignorant customer service and the fact that it is not really necessary , and one star because Amazon wo n't let me record zero stars .
 I had some difficulty getting this to work consistently when I first bought it . -LRB- I was using an accessory hose connected to a foodsaver system that could also seal in bags . -RRB- The problem is that if the vacuum is relieved too slowly after the air is removed then1 . The lid is not pushed down sufficiently quickly by the returning air pressure .2 . Consequently , the air gets back into the jar.There are two alternative solutions to this problem : Solution 1
 Is this like going to Starbucks and they sell you a tall cup but give you their smallest cup ?? What size is `` regular '' and what size is `` large '' mouth ??? It would be helpful if the product description will actually give you the SIZE of the jar mouth in MEASUREMENT UNITS . You know , like in `` INCHES '' and stuff . Like they teach in 3rd grade.So , if one of the good people here in Amazon can tell me what SIZE is `` normal '' and `` large '' ? Because to me , everything looks just normal . Besides , I thought that `` LARGE '' is not a nice thing to say in the currently politically correct culture of ours . Thanks . : -RRB-
 I bought 2 regular canning jar sealers from Amazon . I just tried mine and it was too large . It is supposed to fit snug on the jar . This one was loose and no way would it seal . . I gave the second one as a gift and only hope it works . Yes , Amazon will refund money back but it still leaves me w/o a regular jar sealer . Amazon says they will not replace w/the same product as the returned item . If that is the policy then , they need to screen the products they sell better . I have informed all my groups of this problem .
 Maybe you can check on this . I am sure I will enjoy it as much as the Large one . Just still waiting .
 I dont understand this price ! I bought a wide mouth for under 10 bucks and i want a reg mouth too but why is it $ 99 ? That 's rediculous !!!
 One star because I ca n't use it . It does n't come with a hose , and I ca n't find a hose to purchase .
 followed instructions and very rare that it actually does as advertised ... will stick to the canisters
 This is a defective Product , Why is it being sold ? PPL just keep buying it broken.Tilia you need to fix the problem before I 'll buy it .
 This thing does NOT work - period . I tried on a clean jar/new lid a dozen times - very very carefully trying to wiggle it off of the jar lid once it was done `` sealing '' - it pulled the lid off every time like it was n't even sealed . I called the company - they told me -LRB- and this was NOT in the directions -RRB- to use TWO lids and to `` season '' the lids by heating them in water . Odd , as the directions say the lids need to be dry ... Regardless , this did n't work either . It would be nice if this worked but it does n't . * shrugs *
 I do own a Food Saver and a Weston vacuum sealer . I have owned the wide mouth Food Saver jar sealer for years and it seems to work 95 % of the time with either unit . I recently bought the regular mouth and it is a pain to use . I get it to seal about 15-30 % of the time and that 's after trying every tip out there . When it does seal is usually when I place TWO seals/caps together on the top of the jar but then the top one will stick firmly to the inner seal and you can not remove it w/o breaking the vacuum seal . I believe the problem is with the inner gasket but then I could be wrong . I 'm not sure what the problem is and frankly do n't give a hoot except if Food Saver wants to sell a product then they should give more consideration to making it work properly if they want to continue to sell and attract a new audience to their products . I 've resorted to using oxygen absorbers on ALL my regular mouth jars because I can almost be guaranteed that the jar sealer is n't going to seal anyway so why try ! If you are game for a frustrating experience then buy one but I would look for an alternative if you are having to put up a lot of dried foods in regular mouth jars that you want to last . Not worth the time spent on trying to make it work nor the money .
 Unfortunatly this product did not work . I called the company and they sent a replacement free of charge . That one did not work either . I have one for wide mouth jars that works beautifully , so think it may be that the one for small jars just does not work right .
 ... and that is my idea of why this regular mouth jar sealer just does n't work . For me , anyway and that 's really all I care about . The first jar I sealed was flawless . The eight subsequent attempts all failed . I think the first one worked because the blue rubber gasket ring thingy must have been tightly intact , but after removing the sealer from that first jar , it -LRB- the gasket -RRB- came loose . For the life of me , I ca n't get it to sit tight-ass like it is in the wide mouth version of the jar sealer . I 've tried all kinds of combinations of jars and lids and nothing has sealed except the first one.I compared side-by-side the wide mouth and regular mouth sealers . Aha ! The wide mouth ring is sitting tightly in the attachment - as a matter of face , you ca n't see where or how the outer part of it is sitting in there . Hard to explain unless you 're familiar with these things or are looking at it , but there are two `` rims or rails '' of the gasket ; an inner and outer . It looks to me as thought the outer part of it should be sitting in some sort of channel within the white plastic sealer itself . In the regular model , the blue thing absolutely will not stay put in there . It 's just sort of held there by the tension of the rubber itself , no channel or groove or slit or slice or notch for that outer ring to fit into . It 's too loose and it wo n't help create a seal.I thoroughly read all the reviews of this before buying it because I thought there could be an easy and satisfactory workaround . There is n't for me . I 've tried all the wonderful suggestions I 've read here and after that first easy , addicting success , nuttin ' . As of writing this review , I still have n't even gotten the jar to seal while within a FoodSaver canister . The canister seals just fine , but not the lid onto the jar.I will continue trying tomorrow -LRB- Labor Day -RRB- and if I ca n't get it to work as it is intended , I will return it to Amazon . Of course , then I 'm stuck with the 12 brand new half-pint quilted jars . Those , I can use as-is for short term storage items , but I 'm really kind of pissed.THINGS I 'VE TRIED : Bought all new jars and lids - 4 oz and 8 oz sizes - yaaaay!Washed all jars , lids and screws with hot soapy waterDried more than 24 hoursDoubling the lidPutting the jar and lid in the canister and vacuuming thatPutting the jar and two lids in the canister and vacuuming thatPutting the jar , one lid and screw in the canister , etc. I stand by my observation that it is a problem , defect , design issue with the gasket only because of the success with the wide mouth sealer whose gasket is firmly in place .
 I purchased this after getting the wide mouth sealer and loving it . I am unable to get a seal with the small sealer . When you try to remove the sealer from the jar , the lid comes with it . The only way to get a good vacuum and seal is to put a small amount of vegetable oil around the rim of the jar and thats only 50/50 at best . Annoyance factor very high .
 I recently ordered two Foodsaver jar sealers ; one regular mouth and one wide mouth along with two hoses -LRB- just in case -RRB- . The wide mouth sealer works just fine ... but the regular mouth sealer will , absolutely NOT seal ! I have tried to use this thing about 50 times , now , with no success . Each time I remove the sealer from the jar , the blue gasket has removed itself from inside the sealer and wrapped itself around the jar !!! This is definitely a piece of crap and I would NOT recommend this product to anyone ! SAVE YOUR MONEY !!!!
 Did n't work even after using 2 different food savers and after several tries . I should have returned them but did not do so in time .
 Wish it did , but all attempts failed . According to the ratings , I am not the only person.Why a wide mouth sealer works , and a regular-mouth sealer does n't ?
 I have owned a Food Saver jar sealer for wide mouth jars for many years . It works like a champ every time . This one works less than 10 % of the time .
 I am not sure if this is specific to my machine but the regular mouth jar sealer does not seem to work well for smaller jars
 Like other reviewers , does n't seal the lids as advertised . I decided to keep it after I followed the tips others gave regarding placing another lid over it . That way the bottom lid sometimes seals . Still a bit disappointed that it does n't work well .
 I started with the wide mouth Ball pint jars and had few problems . However , when I got the regular mouth jar sealer and tried it on Quart Ball jars it was a failure . I tried all the suggestions and it still failed every time . I 've given up on it and will purchase wide mouth Ball Quart jars and lids and see if they will work . When you look at the cost of Foodsaver plastic bag materials , another dozen Ball jars looks like a good investment .
 I had hoped to use this with Mason jars to greatly expand my available vacuum storage for crushable/bulk items , without paying the high price for the containers . But it does n't actually work , even when you think it does.In more detail
 I find that this cover is too tight and pulls the lid off the mason jar after I use the vacuum sealer and breaks the seal . The large version works much better .
 I have had about 7 bags fail on me so far . After a day or two , I will come back and find the bag no longer airtight . Such a waste ! This is becoming a very expensive way to store my food .
 I agree with the other 1 star reviews , I can not get even one bag to vacuum seal . It will seal , but the vacuum part does not work with these small bags . The size did seem like it would have been perfect for single serve storge , but defeats the purpose if it does not vacuum seal properly . Back to the 6 '' roll or quart size .
 I too was excited to see this size . A waste of money ! they do NOT seal ! Actually glad to hear that others have the same problem , I thought it was just me !
 I was so excited when I found out they made these bags in pint size that I ordered 3 boxes.Out of 40 bags that I tried , only 3 worked . Can someone please tell me ... WHAT AM I DOING WRONG !!!! I have a V2840 . Any help would be appreciated .
 My husband and I bought a Foodsaver after we got married . We ran out of the bags that came with the machine so I ordered these . The small size is great but these bags do n't work ! The material is too thick for the vacuum to fully suction all the air out so it does n't work properly . I was really disappointed with these because I vacuum seal all the time when I buy any type of raw meat . Sad to say , I would n't recommend these particular bags .
 these bags are supposed to be used with food saver which i have never used as it is too hard to store
 Has anyone noticed that the food saver bags used to come packaged with 32 bags per box - now 28 and same price !
 I bought these pint bags and they do n't seal ! I bought a new sealer thinking that was the problem since my old sealer was a few years old . I was sealing a bunch of steaks and used old and new bags . I did n't think it was the bags since they never have been a problem in the past . I did n't realize that all the bags in the first box I opened are not air tight ! I discovered this by using an older bag and it resealed fine and every other bag I use seals fine . This has me very irritated .
 I have not had a good pepper mill for several years so I had great hopes for this one with its guarantee . Unfortunately , I shall have to return this . I found it troublesome to fill -LRB- unlike the salt mill -RRB- and the most I 've every be able to grind is just a few small specks of pepper . -LRB- I watched the video and it does not appear that I am doing anything wrong . -RRB- I am very disappointed .
 I 'm not someone who likes their coffee to get up and walk away so I do n't want it strong , but I do want to taste the coffee . I went by the reviews here when I ordered the pods , but after drinking 2cups I have to say I 'm not impressed . With one pod it 's weak , with two it 's a little better , but that 's expensive . Since my little coffee maker does great with other pods I have to believe the problem is with these pods and not the coffee maker .
 The pods work well with the Senseo coffee maker , but the Kona Blend tastes like watered down Folger 's . I tried the Moka Java flavor and it 's much better
 Mesh Lingerie Delicates Wash Bag 2-Pack - Household Essentials # 121-2 , I find that it does not work to my satisfaction .
 The item arrived one week later than was specified . I did get the item , but think it should arrive near the time predictided , not one week late .
 I 'm disappointed . These lingerie bags were designed without a protective flap over the home base end of the zipper which sticks out , is sharp , and would destroy anything I put in the washing machine with it . I do n't want to return them as I paid $ 8 shipping for 2 packs of 2 , so I 'm going to turn them inside out so the zipper home base end will be in a corner and hopefully not destroy the delicates on the inside .
 This mesh laundry bag is NOT adequate for washing Bra 's . The holes are too big and bra hooks get caught and one must disentangle them to get them out . I purchased these online because I was frankly too lazy to drive to the Macy 's / Bon to get my usual fine laundry bags , the other major weakness of these bags is that eventually the zipper gives out from multiple washing and drying , welcome to the world of enhanced entropy .
 The zipper head is very sharp and there is no protective cover to prevent that zipper from catching and tearing your other clothes -LRB- those not in the bag -RRB- . Also , the mesh material itself is harsh , although I doubt the mesh would harm your other clothes during the wash cycle.Look for something better . We will be returning these .
 This bag lasted for one washing , the seam let go on the second use . Should have been advertised as disposable .
 I purchased a 6 pack of these . I marked each person 's name on a bag and handed them out for socks . Since I already wrote on these with a sharpie I would not dream of trying to return them . However , the zippers just do not stay closed in the washing machine . Since the 6 pack was n't enough for our family I found two more -LRB- of another brand -RRB- at Walmart for $ .97 each . On those bags the zipper tucks into it 's own little pocket and stays put during the wash - keeping all socks separate from the other kid 's and thus helping this mom maintain what little sanity I have left.This presents a win/lose situation for me . I do hate wasting anything , but these will be replaced with the Walmart brand this weekend . Perhaps they will now house Legos , or be useful as hanging pockets in the kids ' closets . I do n't know . I 'm sure I will find a use . But I still feel that I wasted $ 20 - simply because they did not work for their intended purpose and I would not have bought them otherwise . For the win = I only need to spend roughly $ 6 to replace all said bags . Plus it is on the list of `` cheaper '' lessons I have had to learn.Just as a side note
 I washed these bags and they tore up in the washing machine . Is very poor quality ! Would not recommend -- at all !
 I had to replace my last delicates bag when a tear allowed everything to fall out mid wash , well these do n't do much better . The zipper has a tendency to open mid wash allowing everything to spill out .
 I bought these to replace some laundry bags I had had for more than 10 years that got lost in a move . I use them lightly -LRB- 2x/month -RRB- and in just a few months , the zipper has broken on one and there is a huge hole in the other . They looked flimsy when they arrived and I should have just returned them .
 would not purchase again , zipper tangles with mesh which remains stiff after many washings , not pleasant to use - i far prefer other bags i have gotten in the past .
 I bought these , against my better judgment , because I 'm tired of having to knot drawcord bags . But the zippers are , as others have said , a problem . Snagging the garments inserted into it is only the beginning . The pulls can snag other laundry in the same wash , as well ! One might use them for hang-drying sashes from robes , and such , but ... . I 'll stick to the drawcord bags in future , even with the knots .
 I used this to wash and dry my bras and both bags fell apart . The holes are too big and the snaps on my bras got caught on them .
 Not even used half a dozen times , and the side ripped out of one of the bags . I would spend more money and get a better quality product .
 I was very disappointed when I received and opened this item . It was not as pictured on the web sight or the package that it arrived in . Even though I have not used this product yet I am sure it will not last very long because the construction and material are of very poor quaility . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 Inexpensive laundry bag . The only complaint I have is that the mesh holes are big and if you do n't snap bra straps , the hooks will still snag other clothes in your load of laundry .
 This bag started to fall apart -- strings coming out/apart -- within a few washes . I wish I 'd sprung for a better quality one .
 Title says it all -- bra hooks get all tangled up in the mesh , plus half the stuff you 're washing comes out of the bag because the zippers regularly come partially unzipped after you 've washed these bags a few time . Seriously unsatisfactory !
 I bought this to put the babies socks in before going in the wash . It does its job but I 've only used it a few times and it is already beginning to fray .
 It will do the job . . Just make sure to use a safety pin because the zipper comes loose in the washer
 I was in search for a new laundry bags to wash my delicates after the zipper on my old bag broke . After reading the positive reviews I bought the bags , but I was a little hesitant since they were so cheap . The bags are VERY rough , almost like a hard plastic feel . They are so rough that I 'm afraid the material will ruin my clothes in the wash machine . I was hoping they would get softer after the first wash but they remained rough . To my disappointment , they are going in the trash !
 Do n't bother with this canister ! The bottom cracks very shortly after using ! Once it cracks it will not hold the vacuum seal . You 're paying alot of money for a big piece of useless plastic .
 I agree with another reviewer . I can not speak to the extent of their cracks ... but ALL of my canisters have cracked on the bottom -LRB- some within a couple of weeks -RRB- and no longer hold a seal . I suppose still useable but not if you want an airtight , vacuum sealed container ... the reason these containers are made and purchased . Cereal stays no fresher in these cracked containers than in the bag it comes in . No more for me !
 All of the canisters that I ordered after my purchase of a FOOD SAVER machine have developed mini fractures in the base of each canister and wo n't hold a vacuum.And are basically worthless for vacuum storage and they do n't come with warranties .
 I 've used this unit 3 times now with unsatisfactory results each time . Long before the 4-5 hours specified in the manual were up , the motor -- which is only driven by 4 AA batteriess after all -- stopped having enough oomph to stir the thickening liquid . And if you patiently wait for the alotted time to expire like I did at first , trusting that it was sitting in your freezer working as it should , you end up with a very solid , very un-ice-cream-like lump of frozen crystalized cream.I had slightly better results by checking on it after a few hours and manually stirring a bit to break up the biggest clumps and get the blades going again , but it still was n't what I would call a good experience.I regret purchasing this thing , and would n't recommend it to anyone .
 I Purchased this back in December and still have n't been able to get this to work correctly . Sure , the Ice cream maker will mix up everything when the `` PRE '' button is pressed , but we were not able to get the `` pro '' -LRB- only other button on the device -RRB- to work . What the `` PRO '' button is supposed to do is mix the ice cream mixture in the bowls at regular intervals while the device is in the freezer - this way you wo n't end up with a frozen block of whatever it is that your making while it is freezing.Wish I could say that this device did that - nope , the button light would be lit , indicating that it was ready to do it 's job , but each and every time the ice cream maker was put in the freezer - the `` ice cream '' would end up never having been mixed , just one solid , frozen mass . We 've tried `` fresh '' batteries and still no luck with seeing any attempt by the machine to even try to mix anything after the `` pro '' button was set . Opening up the device to see what might be the problem did n't offer any clues other than the insides are pretty basic and the circuit board made by cnnbst -LRB- ? -RRB- is another cheap , useless product from China -LRB- why expect quality ? -RRB- . Anyway , save our money or think about spending it on something else that actually works . Even if you are lucky enough to get this thing to work , do n't expect it to last long . Wish I could rate this less than I did since I ca n't get my money back or the time I wasted trying it .
 The mixing blades are made out of the cheapest plastic imaginable and they broke simply assembling the unit . Do yourself a favor and throw your money on a fire instead .
 I bought one of these for my son who loves it . He 's 3 . However , the poles are pretty flimsy and split easily when a wild toddler decides to jump on the tent . The felt is not very sturdy , either . My son and his friend ripped the felt on one of the entrances going in and out . However , I will say that if I can return this one , I 'll get another one , just because they 're great for sleepovers . Just keep the wild ones off the outside of the tent !
 That 's pretty much it . We set this up , it was n't too hard , it looked cute and my son had fun playing in it for a few minutes before we had to go out - but when we came back to it the next day all the air had leaked out of the inflatable bottom so I returned it . Had to pay for shipping it back , but I got a full refund so I was only out about half of what I spent on it . Still ca n't recommend it , though .
 Great little frige . Good size and keeps everything cold . Only one thing , it stops working after one and a half months !
 I bought one for my mother . It lasted about 4 months . It might be ok for occasional use but not for continuous use .
 Great while it lasted , died after about 3-4 months of occasional use .
 While it was working it was a great product . When the power supply went out I could never get a replacement .
 My wife bought the Biagiante thermal fridge for me for Christmas , 2003 . But it was very noisey from the beginning and it stopped working altogether on May 20 , 2004 . I realize it was n't very expensive , but a five month product life is pretty bad . I would not recommend this product to anyone . Doug
 We got two of these . One of them broke almost immediately , and was replaced . It broke again and was replaced . When it broke the third time , I called and was told it 's been discontinued and too bad . Now the second one is broken . These are good for only a very short while . I 'd suggest buying something else , and I would never knowingly buy anything from this manufacturer again . Ever .
 I was looking for a neck roll pillow to sleep on , If you like sleeping on something that feels like crunchy rocks , you 'll like this pillow . It was n't for me . It would have been helpful if the manufacturer had put the buckwheat in some sort of lining , so -LRB- 1 -RRB- you could remove some of the buckwheat to make this thing more pliable , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- so the cover could be washed . But the buckwheat is just stuffed into the zipped cover . The zipper is good to have , but what are you supposed to do with the load of buckwheat , when you want to take it out to wash the cover ? And then how do you funnel it back in ?! Anyway , mine became a donation to the local church thrift shop .
 This might be a nice box for storing or for mailing 2x2 slides . Unfortunately , there is no information about the size of the box or about how many slides it might hold , or whether it might be considered for archival storage of slides . There is also no information about the finish . It would be too much to assume that since it is described as ` natural beech wood ' that it was unfinished . Even if it is not suitable for 2x2 slides , it may be suitable for curios or other small items . I might even buy one if the dimensions were given .
 I bought this merchandise as a Christmas gift for my daughter after investigating all brands of slow cookers . My daughter was pleased with the gift and had all of her ingredients ready to try it , unfortunately the slow cooker was defective and did not work . This purchase was through Amazon via Target . She tried to return to Target and was informed they could n't do an exchange , she would have to mail to Amazon . She did return back to Amazon and 6 weeks after Christmas , we still have no resolution . Needless to say , we are not happy with the merchandise or the service provided .
 The lid did not fit correctly and there was a large gap between the glass lid and the corningware liner ... thus , water evaporated from the food and thus we needed to add more water as the food cooked . This cooker is not made by Corningware Electrics , but rather Select Brands , which I feel is pretty misleading . Also , it is listed as a `` programmable '' slow cooker . This is only partially correct
 Did n't have huge expecations for this cooker , but we had experienced the way-too-hot Rival versions and needed to leave that behind . The reviews for this one seemed reasonable , and it was pretty much the size we were looking for . For some reason , any sort of programmability seems to come with large size in this field.The packaging seemed brand new , the unit seemed brand new . What eventually led to our returning it was that the ceramic insert would not sit flat and stable in the heating base . It wanted to cock forward or back , and was not stable in the centered position . It was like it was warped , somehow , or designed for a slightly different unit . It was n't something immediately obvious , you had to play with it a bit to realize that something just did n't quite fit.Also somewhat disturbing was the fact that although the packaging and the unit both seemed brand new -LRB- if not quite `` right '' -RRB- , the back of the owners manual was covered with various names and phone numbers , hand-written in pen . Obviously , the manual , at least , had been pre-owned , and it did n't have that new , crisp feeling you 'd expect . That led us to wonder if this unit might have been previously returned as defective , for the same reason we found , given a cursory inspection -LRB- if that -RRB- and then just re-sold . Too bad , it seemed like it was a pretty nice unit otherwise . We actually considered returning it for another of the same model , but we were both hesitant to reward the business practice that led to this , and concerned that it might be a flaw of the design , model , or production run , rather than just the unit we received .
 I ordered these after my toddler son knocked a glass off a desk and shattered it on our hardwood floor . I thought that was a pretty clear sign it was time for some safer drinking containers to have around the house . Well , these are a decent product , but they are far from perfect . They a pretty enough ; I like the colors and patterns , as they have a sort of retro style . I also like the size ; 24oz is really really big . However , one of the tumblers got a large crack in it less than a week after I bought it , so we 're down to seven already . If one broke that quick , I 'm not holding out a lot of hope for the rest . Now , I would probably only dock one star for that , but since these claim to be unbreakable , that 's a pretty major failing.UPDATE 9/20/11
 Loved these when we first got them but as other reviewers are saying these do in fact start to crack on the bottom and begin to leak.I just got them in september and have already lost half of them.so beware !!!!
 A 24 oz . tumbler is usually 3.75 '' diameter by 7.25 '' high . It will hold a 16 oz . drink after filling the glass with ice . These tumblers are only 3.5 '' diameter by 6.00 '' high . If you fill the glass with ice it will not hold a 12 oz . can . Amazon gave me a $ 15 rebate and let me keep the tumblers so I 'm not too unhappy , but I 'm trying to replace some of my real 24 oz . tumblers . Note that Creativeware gives the box dimensions not the tumbler dimensions in the description .
 I purchased these tumblers and in the space of two months 2 of the 8 tumblers sprang leaks in the bottom . The productis attractive but does not hold up .
 My wife was so excited when she recieved her JarVac . She was trying to vanuum seal everything . The problem was that it was very dificult to get a good on the jars . Sometimes they would look sealed but the next day when you pull the jar out it was no longer sealed . We sent the first on back hoping tha the second one would have more power . It was worse than the first .
 We bought 2 sets of these to go with our dining table about 4 months ago and now they 're in our garage to use as spare chairs when we run out of other good chairs to use for guess . These are extremely cheap chairs , made of cheap particle wood that after a day of putting them together 2 out of the chairs have cracks in them . One chair got knocked off and it the floor and the back broke into 2 . The cushion is made of bad foam and they 're already flatten after 1 month of use by 2 light weight people -LRB- we 're both 120lbs and below each -RRB- . These chairs are so light -LRB- yes , cheap cheap particle wood have no weight -RRB- that when we sit down we have to hold the chairs so they wont fall or slide away . These chairs are a great example of you get what you paid for . We bought these chairs together with their counter height chairs version and regret it so much . I wish I 've listened to the bad reviews because they 're nothing but the truth . I truly do n't understand all these good reviews . I 've seen 15 dollar chairs that are better made than these .
 service no good personal i m.not recomend no body to bay any thing from this furniture place good talk n bad service think before you bay .
 I have been so looking forward to receiving these Items but even though I placed my order on February 1st , I still have n't received them . Then today I get an e-mail saying that ONE of the -LRB- set of 2 -RRB- chairs has been shipped . No mention of when I can expect the second chair -LRB- of a set of TWO -RRB- to be shipped . I have to say that I am disappointed they are not here yet ...
 Got chairs , fixed them looked very delicate . And that it.Two of them already broke . The BACK top breaks if chair fell -LRB- it falls any way because of its balance -RRB- .
 These chairs are not very sturdy . I was disappointed with the quality of these chairs . I would not recommend these chairs .
 These chairs are o.k. but ridiculously small ! I would send back but ? always a hassle . I am 5 4 '' 120 lb . and anyone much larger than myself would not be very comfortable . I bought them to go with my 2 Ikea chairs and table , but now wish I made the long drive to Ikea to get more of their comfy chairs !
 DO NOT BUY >> > IT IS NOW NOV , AND I STILL DO NOT HAVE COMPLETE SET SET > CHAIRS ARE SMALL ALMOST MINIATURE >> > HAD TO HAVE CHAIR REPLACED DUE TO DAMAGE IN FACTORY > TWO TABLES AND STILL CAN NOT GET A COMPLETE SET !!!!!! WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER
 Poor construction . Slide for cleaning is stuck-does not slide.Therefore bird box can not be opened or cleaned . No response from company.Little knob to pull slide ineffective does not budge slide .
 Outside Mosaic is nice . Clay back easily broken under cast iron metal supports . Must attach stand in back -LRB- requires phillips screw-driver -RRB- with-out instructions , glass - back support very loose and stand does not secure well . Stands vertically only , and does not hang . Limitations are disappointing .
 I was very pleased with this item when it arrived -- looked like just wanted I wanted , snapped together nicely , could be used for 1 or 2 dozen deviled eggs . I put it in the TOPSHELF of the dishwasher before using it and after going through the cycle all parts were warped so that it is no longer even usable .
 Still , have not received my purchase . I purchased this product way before Easter and they shipped it immediately . I was thrilled when I received the box , but when I opened it , it was empty . No , that 's not exactly right , the box did contain advertisements advertising other products they carry .
 I bought two air purifiers - one for next to my dog 's kennel and one for our bedroom . They are loud and it almost seems more like a fan than an air purifier . They also do not take away any of the odors that I needed them to.The reason I give this just one star is because I am comparing it to the Sharper Image Ionic Pro that we have . I had this down by my dog 's kennel prior to the purchase of the Holmes and it completely erased the smells . We needed more purifiers which is why I turned to the Holmes as they are not as expensive as the Ionic Pro.If you are happy with this product , that 's great , but my experience was not that good and now I am stuck giving these away to charity because I did not keep the boxes and can not return them .
 My last air purifier lasted 16 years , a HoneyWell ; this one lasted 1 year then it just quit working , no power no nothing . Holmes/Sunbeam promptly sent me another unit which was a plus on them for the rapid response . But then the second one stopped working just shy of being 1 year old . This time Holmes/Sunbeam warranty serviced was horrific , it took 4 months to get a replacement sent after numerous emails and phone calls . Finally yesterday they apologized for the delay and were going to send out an upgraded model HAP424 for my troubles.The HAP422 seemed to filter the air good enough though not as good as the old HoneyWell , but way better then the Ionic Breeze which was a joke . Now time will tell if the HAP424 is just a glorified 422 and will last a year or so ; but this time I wo n't have a warranty on it since replacements are only warrantied from the time of the ORIGINAL purchase not from the time of the warranty replacement . This one fries and I 'll go back to HoneyWell .
 Having recently moved into a new home I needed a lot of shelves . Of the six different types I have bought this one in particular stands leagues above the others for one reason
 Sadly I bought two shelves from Safco , please read my other review on the smaller one . Keep in mind that all of those issues apply here , as well as a couple more.First of all , the shelf is dangerously unstable ; tip over and kill you unstable . Second , there is a massive gap between shelves on the top half and the bottom.I chose to keep this -LRB- see my other shelf review for my slightest experiance with Safco 's customer service -RRB- but I finally resorted to detaching the top and bottom halves and using them as two smaller shelves . They work moderatly but are still very unstable and have to be balanced against other shelves . Other shelves that are stable . Shelves not from Safeco.If you are desperate for shelves , might I suggest you go into the nearest alley and find one in the trash that has been exposed to the elements for years ... it will most assuredly be far more sufficient .
 Ok , we have all seen appalling , chipboard/pressed particle board veneer bookcases - either we had them , or bought them for kids , or seen them - from Ikea , to wherever.These are worse . Why ? 1 -RRB- The packaging - seems ... ok but . . when you open it up - some of the panels and edges are BENT . Not just . . out a little bit , but significantly .2 -RRB- Testing if you can gently bend them back -LRB- it is cheap mild steel we are talking here -RRB- slightly in a section cracks the paint . The paint is micron thin just about , and not resilient at all . I didnt bother bending any other part , just carefully tried to assemble the rest of it . I gave up in the end - having bought two , glad I did not open the other one .3 -RRB- They are appallingly designed , in terms of how one needs to put them together . The Quality Assurance checking on them is laughable .4 -RRB- The instructions are poor . One can figure it out , but they are poor instructions , and not overly well printed or clear .5 -RRB- The holes drilled in the item are variable . The cardboard back to the unit is friable , and not very high quality -LRB- can you get high quality cardboard ? yes . . -RRB- 6 -RRB- The design is incompetent . The engineering behind this is poor . Whoever thought it would be appropriate to have little plastic press studs to fix structural parts of the design , and also to hold the cardboard backing on should have been set on fire , and then jumped on , buried in peat , and then dug up to be slapped about a bit . Absolutely moronic idea this .7 -RRB- The fittings are poor too - the plastic press fit things are impossible nearly to use - and coupled with the laughable quality being so variable in terms of the holes for them to fit into , it is mind numbingly ridiculous that these were chose to use over screws . Ridiculous.Overall ? I am returning them , even though they want a stupid amount for returning them . The firm selling them has a fairly smooth returns process - but . . honestly , why not select a better item to sell , so you can not waste your resource and time processing returning items which are not fit for purpose ? The buyer for the firm should have been given a glasgow kiss for signing off on this for the firm to carry.Cannot . Express . Enough . How . Shoddy . This . Is .
 I am kicking myself for not reading the reviews before I bought this thing . I can confirm that it is just as hard to put together as everybody says . But that 's a one-time inconvenience . The real problem with it is that it is flimsy and dangerous . One of the commenters pointed out that it uses plastic pieces as structural members , and another mentioned the poor quality of the cardboard backing . What people may not have noticed , though , is that the cardboard is also a vital structural member . It is the only thing that provides lateral stability to the bookcase . That is , it is the only thing that keeps the thing from swaying from side to side . I did n't realize that , and it was so ugly and interfered so much with screwing the bookcase together , that I took it off . Without it , the bookcase wobbles like a drunken sailor . It would clearly collapse under only a few pounds of weight . Even with the cardboard , the bookcase would be in serious danger of collapse if you put any heavy weight -LRB- like a lot of books -RRB- on it . I bought a steel bookcase because I have a toddler who has begun to climb , and I wanted something very sturdy that would bear a 30-pound child if he started climbing while my back was turned . This bookcase would not , and when it accordians down , it 's very likes to trap and crush a hand or foot . I put it together today and I 'm taking it out to the curb tomorrow .
 We recommended this food sealer to many friends and relatives , before it developed a glitch . After a short time , the sealer started turning off before the food saver bags were fully suctioned . It was necessary to unplug it and plug it back in to get it going again . As time went on , the problem became worse and worse . After receiving no replies to our contacts to Rival -LRB- 2 to the 800 number and 1 via email -RRB- , we tossed it and replaced it with another , more expensive brand . Rival 's customer service is non-existent , so do not take a chance with buying any of their products . If it should break , you are on your own .
 Rival does not have parts for their vacuume sealers . Customer service is non-existent with this company . Their address is a PO box , and have never recieved a reply . Avoid their products at all cost . Those selling their products , must only see a high mark-up .
 bought this item for someone for christmas . Was just taken out of the box on 01/10/05 . The first time using it , it started to smell of burning wires and started to spark . The unit no longer works now . Didnt even get one item to seal before it broke on me . Am now trying to get it replaced which is going to be another problem in itself . Would not reccommend .
 In a nutshell - bought this item in late Oct. for an Xmass gift . -LRB- I like to get my shopping done early . -RRB- Christmas day my mother went to try it out . Product was defective - sealer would not seal , which made the unit useless.Due to Amazon 's return policy - item was ordered more than 30 days ago , I was only able to get a partial refund - not even a replacement for the defective item . Needless to say , I will no longer buy Xmass gifts from Amazon - at least those that are of the electronic nature . BUYER BEWARE !!!
 My husband bought me the Seal-a-Meal for our Anniversary and I was excited to start using it . My kids have multiple food allergies so we rarely eat out -LRB- meaning I rarely get a night off from cooking ! -RRB- so I wanted to be able to freeze homemade convience foods for once and awhile . The Seal-a-Meal worked great in the beginning but after using it approximately 6-7 times the sealing mechanism stopped working . Not only that but the vacuum will remain on until I unplug it.I emailed Rival about replacing it but have n't heard back from them yet . At this point it was a HUGE waste of money and I ca n't recommend it .
 I received it for Christmas . It is very difficult to use . I could n't get the supplied bags to seal properly after two tries . It is supposed to snap shut , but my wife was n't able to put enough pressure on it and I also found it hard to close . And it was also hard to reopen .
 I purchase a Seal-A - Meal little over a year ago . The heating eliminate developed a hole in the eliminate cover and was burning the bags . So I call Rival and was told that Rival does not sale parts or provide service repair for its Seal-A - Meal products . Rival was only willing to sell me a discounted new Seal-A-Meal . I have used vacuum seals at work in the past . The heating eliminate always developed a hole in the heating eliminate cover . Most vacuum sealer companies sale replacement heating eliminate.Beware when purchasing a Rival Seal-A-Meal
 I bought one of these about a year ago . When I brought it home it sealed 2 bags then stopped working . I called the company and they said to take it back to the store . I assumed it was just an extreme case so I exchanged it for the same product . Within the first year of having it , the wire that seals the bags has burned through it 's protective coating . So now whenever I seal a bag it burns a hole in it , which then lets air into the bag , defeating the whole purpose of the machine . I wrote the company and asked if there was something I could do or a part I could buy , I was told that they do n't sell that part and that since it had been a year there was nothing they could do . I do not recommend this product , it 's cheap and the Rival customer service is definitely lacking !
 After owning this model for a couple of years , over which time it got minimal use , the heating element became `` uneven '' , so that now it burns a hole in most of the bags I try to seal . A friend with the same model had the same problem.I think that part of the problem is due to the fact that Rival cheapened the bag refills a while back by making them very thin . So , now they seldomly remain air tight for very long.I would not recommend this model !
 I bought this product a couple of years ago and was initially very impressed . After a while I had problems with the heater strip . I disassembled the heater ad thought `` This is n't so bad , I can fix this easily . '' That is until I discovered that there are no parts available from the maker and no after market availability either.It would be a very easy appliance to repair . If parts were available and at a reasonable price I would give a 4 star rating . -LRB- I rarely give 5 stars as I 'm very technically competent and there are few products that deserve that high a rating . -RRB-
 My cover is cracking on the corners from closing even though the manual states
 My Seal-a-Meal stopped working after only 8 bags . Rival has ignored my repeated attempts to contact them . We live outside of the US , so we are basically screwed.Buying from Rival is like gambling . If you are lucky and your product works , no problem . But , if you are n't lucky , there is little you can do.The question is , do you feel lucky ?
 The Rival VS110 Seal-a-Meal worked great on the first few bags.Then the bag developed a hole in the center of each seal allowing air back into the bag . Unfortuately this happened after 45 days from the purchase date . Therefore we had to ship it back to Rival Products at our expense . -LRB- shipping cost to them and back to us -RRB- They said they had received complants about this problem . So do n't buy a Rival product and have to pay the shipping cost for them to fix their problem .
 I recieved one of these for Christmas , I would love to tell you how it works ... but it is missing a plastic piece . Now to be fair , I lost it , in the confusion of Christmas it must have gotten tossed . I called Rival to purchase a replacement piece . What a joke . I emailed ... no response . I called , they do n't know what I am talking about -LRB- even though it is clearly listed in the instruction manual -RRB- , or if I get a rep who does know what the piece is , they say they do n't have one to sell , but if I want to pay to ship the unit back and forth , they will replace it . I have left voice mail messages for non-existent supervisors . So , instead of being happy to pay for my own mistake of losing the piece , I will return this to the store as defective and get the money back . They lose a sale , the store loses a sale , they get in return an unhappy former customer and a defective unit . DO NOT BUY RIVAL PRODUCTS , we need to start showing these big companies who hide in voice mail hells that we are tired of poor , illogical treatment .
 So based on the photo at the web site , I believed the seat to be blue , gold and purple . Turns out it is green , yellow and pink and looks garish . I had ordered two and only one arrived ... hope I can get my money back since I do not want two of these monstrosities
 Everything else in the set was sized correctly but the fitted sheet was only a full - not a queen like I had ordered . Also , some other stuff ripped during the first washing . I would not purchase this again nor would I recommend it to anyone .
 This peeler does not work . Once one applies enough pressure to get it to peel anything , it digs into the veggie and takes 1/3 off . This may have only cost $ 2.00 , but it has one function . It fails .
 One star is being VERY generous . I paid $ 4 for this and it 's worth nothing . Good Cook should be trying to bring customers in by offering refunds for these worthless peelers but I saw they have discounted them to $ 1.81 on their website . I guess they do n't mind alienating a bunch more potential customers . Here 's a great mental note for everyone ... . If you see a Good Cook product on the shelf ... . LEAVE IT THERE !
 It 's a two dollar peeler . You get what you pay for -- an easily dulled blade and death by thousands of cuts .
 In many years of using a peeler this is the first one I 've encountered that actually did n't peel . I tried it on apples and cucumbers and the blade does n't slice the peel but mostly glides over it . When it did gouge off a piece it had to be pulled off .
 As a corer , you have to puncture through the center of the apple twice to make a complete hole . Then you rotate it before you push the core out . Not very hard to do as the tip of the peeler is pointed.As a peeler , it was good the first time I used it . After a couple of weeks , the blade becomes blunt . now it is too cumbersome to use , you need extra effort , and you need to position the apple perfectly to make a peel.The good thing about it is that no matter if you are right-handed or left-handed , it will work for you . It has two blades on each side .
 For me , the key to a good peeler is one that ejects the peel as you peel . The design of this one is such that it slices under the skin , goes right through , and when you 're done with the stroke , the peel is still in place on the vegetable , and you have to pull it off since the moisture holds it in place . Also , the peels sometimes stick in the peeler as well , so what used to be , with better peelers , a simple task , becomes much more work with this one . Finally got fed up with it this morning , and am searching Amazon for a better replacement .
 I have had several of the Grill-Per ` fect poultry thermometers and they work quite well . -LRB- I also have the one for fish . -RRB- However , the plastic handle breaks at the point the metal ends . It is not through rough use , rather they are simply weak and need a better design . I will be mailing the one that just broke to manufacturer . I am switching to another device on Amazon that looks to be a better design -LRB- Taylor Temp Rite Reusable Thermometers , 5 Styles -RRB- .
 Home Decorator items are really hard to put together and pretty low quality . Plus , if the item is defective , Amazon wo n't help you in your return .
 The metal stem comes off the glass during the first hand-washing and it seems nearly impossible to get it back on using clear glue . I am very disappointed and would never have bought this item if I knew this would happen .
 I purchased this product - it worked great ... once . I have exchanged it twice since and am now waiting on the third . Luckily , it has a good warranty through its manufacturer -- unfortunately , I have had to test it : -LRB- Believe me , it is not user error . I know this product backwards and forwards by now . The concept is great . When it works , it is wonderful . I suggest buying another brand .
 Or , perhaps , just `` fizzle '' . I could n't believe what I read from the negative reviews here - until it happened to me ! This was an awesome , amazing machine . Made great soup fast * , cooked whole chickens juicier than I have ever managed before , and was , in general , a total charmer . But , I swear , we started really getting into it after the first use , so we ended up cooking with it twice a week for two weeks - and the fifth time I plugged it in , nothing . No whine or complaint , no sparks , no smoke . NOTHING . It simply ceased to function , with no indication of what might specifically be wrong.I 'd guess that , given the commonality of this issue , and the fact that it 's taking place after an arbitrary amount of use * , that the electronics are degrading under a certain amount of heat ... But nevertheless , it 's ridiculous that it 's happening this much ! I 've called for warranty service , but it seems likely I will have to fork out at least enough to ship the busted unit to the manufacturer.If you have other options -LRB- maybe a local * purchase -RRB- , I 'd highly recommend buying from a place that you can return the whole thing to if it breaks - and USE THE HELL OUT OF IT THE FIRST FEW WEEKS YOU OWN IT ! If you do n't run into the problem after a variety of foods and a dozen or so tries , you 're probably good to go . But , definitely , this is one of those appliances you do n't want to stick on a shelf for a rainy day , and then find it 's broken 2-3 years down the road . BOO !
 This pressure cooker worked great the 6 or 7 times I used it . Do n't expect a quick-release like you 'd get when putting a pressure cooker under cold running water , though , so subtract a few minutes from the cooking time.Unfortunately , my Russell Hobbs pressure cooker died while I was standing in front of it . All the lights went out and that was it . Search for `` Russell Hobbs pressure cooker review '' and you will find a few other instances of this happening to other people . Hopefully they are isolated instances , because I know of other folks who own this cooker -LRB- also listed as Cook 's Essentials -RRB- and who have had it for some time without incident .
 I was so excited about getting my new russell hobbs pressure cooker . I went through two bidding wars on e-bay to purchase this item -LRB- none available in my town -RRB- and I have used it several times . But like so many of the others in this review I feel cheated out of my money when the digital controls just stopped working with absolutely no warning . I have only had this for 5 months . !!! If I purchase another one I will certainly look for a more reliable manufacturer , who will stand by their products . Or at least provide a list of reliable electronic repair shops who handle these appliances , especially since this item is so expensive in the first place .
 This pressure cooker worked great the four times I used it -- the electronic display that controls the heat simply quit when it was plugged in the fifth time , making the unit a rather large , expensive door stop . The earlier reviews are accurate , the quality of this pressure cooker 's electronics is quite bad , especially given the significant purchase price . Additionally , even if the unit is under warranty and the manufacturer agrees to fix it at no charge -LRB- god forbid -RRB- , the heavy weight makes shipping the thing expensive . Avoid the Russell Hobbs Programable pressure cooker until the quality SIGNIFICANTLY improves .
 I purchased the unit when it was still farberware . I loved it till it died after 2 years of use . Salton told me to forget repair and just ` replace ' the unit . I would love to buy another but do n't trust the reliability .
 I purchased my first pressure cooker in 2003 and although it worked most of the time , it 's already been replaced once . The interior non-stick coating BUBBLES AND PEELS OFF . IT WILL GET INTO YOUR FOODS !! Unfortunately , Farberware continues to manufacture this inferior product for private labels like Russell Hobbs that retails for about $ 100 more , Cooks Essential , Farberware , etc. . There has n't been any improvement to the non-stick coating . You may get a replacement for your cooker , but no real answers as to why they ca n't make improvements to this expensive nice-looking piece of junk . I 've called Farberware and they apologize and even sound like it 's the first time they 've heard of this problem -LRB- it 's my second time calling them about this exact problem -RRB- . There are other electrical issues with it , too . I would much prefer to replace it for electrical issues , than to deal with health problems that may come from having ingested loose teflon particles in my food over the past couple of years . Consumers do n't be fooled by marketing labels !
 The first time we tried the pressure cooker we loved it . We used it once a week . After 6 or 7 times , the cooker died . The front lights went off and it never worked again !
 NO COMMUNICATION , December 5 , 2006Reviewer
 This pressure cooker worked great the four times I used it -- the electronic display that controls the heat simply quit when it was plugged in the fifth time , making the unit a rather large , expensive door stop . The earlier reviews are accurate , the quality of this pressure cooker 's electronics is quite bad , especially given the significant purchase price . Additionally , even if the unit is under warranty and the manufacturer agrees to fix it at no charge -LRB- god forbid -RRB- , the heavy weight makes shipping the thing expensive . Avoid the Russell Hobbs Programable pressure cooker until the quality SIGNIFICANTLY improves .
 My husband gave me this expensive piece of kitchenware for Christmas . I used it four times and was very , very impressed . Invited friends for dinner the fifth time . The item did not seal , the meat was badly burned on the bottom . Now , we 'll see how true the stories go about getting it repaired . Wish I had n't given away my trusty stovetop pressure cooker !
 We had the Farberware unit 2 years , then it caught fire . Flames shot out from the front of the unit near the control panel . We loved it for the first 2 years -- nothing else on the market compares . However , reading the reviews of others it appears the electronics is a real problem in these units . 2 years ago we paid $ 99 , and now it is $ 199 and the quality of the electronics definitely needs to improve .
 It worked 2 times in the first week i got it . Then it could not hold the pressure and it releases the steam until I get a chicken made dry stone inside it . This is bad . and given the bad reviews , I dont understand why they still sell it . So in summary
 The concept behind this product is fantastic . I like the idea of freeing up my stove top . I also like the shape of this appliance.However , I used mine three times ONLY and that was it . No Go . There was no power surge or other electrical issue , nothing . The electronic timer and temperture controler just stopped working.I really wished that it had worked . I wanted this . In the end , I sent it back and purchased a stove-top , stainless steel German-manufactured brand that is ideal . When they get the kinks out of the counter-top electronic models , I purchase one in a few years .
 I received a damaged carton from Salton Co. containing a pressure cooker that cost $ 174.00 . After much communication from Oren-Co . it was returned at Salton 's expense to Salton . To date I 've had no communication from Salton nor from Oren-Co regarding this return . I 'm now out $ 174.00 plus shipping and I have no pressure cooker , which by the way is selling for a lot less than I paid for it . Amazon said it could take up to a month before I see any results but than I have to have the receipt saying that the package was received by Salton ... which will be hard since it was shipped under their account and I ca n't get a tracing record . So , basically , I 'm screwed ... Do business with Salton and Oren-Co at your own risk , that 's what Amazon told me . !!!!!!! I 'm a retiree on a fixed income and can not afford to loose this amount of money !!!!!!
 I found this site looking for repair parts -LRB- none ? -RRB- . I fell in love with this pressure cooker it was fantastic and then on a very special night ... What Happens ? it would ` nt work . I let it go untill I found this web site review and now I 'm really upset that this product can still be purchased and I feel for the others who shared here . Buying another cooker is not an option for me . I ca n't afford another one ! And if I could would ` nt I be STUPID -LRB- definition below -RRB- or just sort of stupid ? -LRB- NOTE
 Iloved the pressure cooker but it do n't hold up the control panel dors not work at all now this is my second one the same thing happened to both of them real screw job !!!
 I just now read the reviews of other customers and I agree with everyone who rated this appliance with just one star -LRB- which it does n't even deserve -RRB- . I can see how if this thing even worked that it would be great , but unfortunately I can NOT recommend this to anyone . Now I am stuck trying to get my money back . My first one -LRB- which I got for christmas -RRB- also just stopped working -LRB- probably overheated and blew a fuse -RRB- plugged it in and NOTHING after about the 4th use . So I went through the whole riga-ma-role of sending it back to the manufacturer -LRB- Salton -RRB- They sent me back another -LRB- shipping paid -RRB- Nice I thought , but as soon as I opened it I understood that this was not a brand new model . With the very first use it was already a NO-GO ! The lid was defective ... not able to close properly and steam was escaping . DO NOT BUY THIS BRAND !!!!
 I purchased this exact cooker -- but it had the Farberware name on it . I really liked it - it made great dinners . However one day it just stopped working . I tried to contact Farberware w / no response . I contacted QVC , where I purchased it and they said they also could not help . This is a lot of coin for something that is only guaranteed a year and I will NOT be buying another one -- no matter whose name is slapped on it , until they give a BETTER GUARANTEE .
 I purchased this product when it was Farberware . It lasted just 2 years , then died . I had no success getting it repaired , nor did Salton offer any solutions other than replacing the unit . Sadly , I do not trust the reliablity of this product , though I did love it when it was working .
 Wish I would have read the review . Worked great at first , then it would not hold the steam . My sister-in-law and I both had the same problem . Wish I would n't have wasted $ 250.00 on the studpid thing . They should run a recall on this very expensive item !!!
 Bought a brand new Russell Hobbs 8 qt . programmable pressure cooker , made about 6 meals in it when it quit working , it would no longer get hot , build or build up pressure . Thought I must have gotten a defective one so I returned it and bought a new one this one lasted through about eight meals before it quit working same problem as the first one . I will not purchase another one I have learned my lesson regarding Russell Hobbs 8 qt . Programmable Pressure Cookers .
 I loved this machine ! -LRB- past tense -RRB- The first use with just water -LRB- as recommended -RRB- ended up taking some of the black non-stick finish off so William Sonoma replaced it with a new one . Used it for less than two years now with no problems . Cooks a 3 lb roast in less than an hour which is great ! BUT - last use , I loaded it up with roast and all the veggies , started it and it went out while it was cooking ... -LRB- never got up to pressure -RRB- JUST dead - no electronics at all ! I spent a lot of money on this thing for it not to work !!! Something like this should last for several years . Definitely would n't buy this again without an EXTENDED warranty . BEWARE !
 Could n't get it to seal , took a long time to finally figure out the plastic connection for the release valve was broken - it just hisses out steam sometimes slowly , but usually very quickly and scarily.Am trying to get it fixed , but am a busy mom and the whole point of the pressure cooker was not to have to deal with yet more things.I guess expecting something to work right out of the box is too much to ask ...
 My cooker was defective right out of the box . My pressure cooker did not seal ! What a mess ! And , I agree with the other reviews that it is aheavy item to ship back . I would NOT buy this cooker !
 I received a damaged carton from Salton Co. containing a pressure cooker that cost $ 174.00 . After much communication from Oren-Co . it was returned at Salton 's expense to Salton . To date I 've had no communication from Salton nor from Oren-Co regarding this return . I 'm now out $ 174.00 plus shipping and I have no pressure cooker , which by the way is selling for a lot less than I paid for it . Amazon said it could take up to a month before I see any results but than I have to have the receipt saying that the package was received by Salton ... which will be hard since it was shipped under their account and I ca n't get a tracing record . So , basically , I 'm screwed ... Do business with Salton and Oren-Co at your own risk , that 's what Amazon told me . !!!!!!! I 'm a retiree on a fixed income and can not afford to loose this amount of money !!!!!!
 Used four times ... went dead . OUT OF WARRANTYno help from the manufacturer ... NONESave your money . four more words not needed
 This is the most unreliable piece of equipment I have ever owned . You `` think '' dinner will be ready in minutes only to find that instead of `` pressure cooking '' your food has just boiled and burned on the bottom and is not cooked . I tried different amounts of liquids thinking maybe this was my error . Then the non-stick interior started to bubble and flake off . I had never used metal untensils . I contacted QVC where I had purchased this and it took some doing but I was able to get a replacement cookwell . But the unit was over a year old so now I had a brand new insert and a non working pressure cooker . I found one whole complete unit on Ebay - they were rebuilt and the price was right . Well , that one quit within 1 week but God bless the seller who not only refunded my money but sent a UPS call tag at no charge to me . I finally gave up on this brand . I also had a 6qt model by the same manufacturer and it had the same problems . Units would not come up to pressure . I can see why this model is no longer available . But beware if it comes back ! Hopefully it will be greatly improved .
 Bought my unit about three years ago . Used it maybe 10 times . Finished cooking a pot roast tonight , then it went dark . No power . No heat . No lights . Too bad . I really like the unit , but given my experience and the other reviews as to reliability , I 'd never buy one again . Is there a site or does anyone have good directions on how to fix this problem ?
 I would have given this unit 4 or 5 stars , like many here , until recently . After about 10 meals cooked over a period of months , the unit croaked ! . Front controls would still light up , but the cooker would not heat.I purchased this for the 8 Qt capacity , to complement my 6-quart Farberware electric pressure cooker that is like the Energizer bunny -LRB- R -RRB- -- it keeps going and going . But the Russel Hobbs 8 Qt ? I 'd say forget it .
 I use this cup for making salad dressing . I make enough for a couple of nights and like to put the rest in the refrig . I had been covering my cup with saran , so I jumped at this cup with lid . Problem is , it does not seal . There is a big gap between the spout and the lid . So , the dressing dries out or the dressing -LRB- if garlic/onion/shallot -RRB- smell permeates through the refrig . It does not seal so liquids will leak out of the spout . It would be good for pouring off liquids from , say , micro 'd veggies.The other irritating thing is , I have 2 other PYREX 2-cup measuring cups -LRB- I bought this 3rd cup bec of the lid -RRB- , and the lid does n't fit them .
 This fryer is supposed to internally regulate itself to keep within 10 degrees of the desired temp ... what a crock ! I had it up to the highest temp -LRB- 375 -RRB- , and it fried foods terribly , so I got out my candy thermometer
 The entire box of incense was in little pieces when i opened it . All the sticks were at least 1/3 their original length . not happy .
 First off they are OVER priced from what you get . SECOND these SMELL like burning paper ! Save yourself some money , and just burn some old newspaper!I WOULD NOT buy again NOR DO I recommend these !
 As to the healing or relaxing capabilities of this incense , I can not comment . But be informed , the box contains a suprisingly small amount of Tibetan incense
 I own an Italian restaurant and have many pizza cutters . This cutter was not very efficient.Each slice had to be cut , multiple times , and that was during `` our test '' during the first week of use . I doubt it would hold up very well over time .
 While it does have a nice weight and feel ... the blade does not hold up and begins to chip after extended use .
 The blade on this cutter lasted a total of 3 pizzas . It looked cool on the site , but it did n't stand up to even the light use I gave it.I purchased this item and the kitchenAid cutter below , and they are night and day . If you are serious about pizza , skip this ` persimmon ' toy and go for a real pizza cutter.KitchenAid Large Pizza Wheel , Black
 Mario Batali 's products are very hit or miss on if they match . Even though they all list as `` Persimmon '' in color . Images displayed are not correct . Color is actually a burnt orange . Check customer images for a comparison of Three Batali items .
 This pizza wheel has a nice , heavy handle and a large blade . Take away one dubious `` feature '' and add another and it would be close to perfect.The fact of the matter is that pizza and nonstick should not be in the same sentence . Good pizza , at least , is cooked at very high temperatures , which is n't a good thing for nonstick pans , anyway . Run the plastic blade over the edge of your pan or even the `` Mario Batali '' folding pizza peel -LRB- a very good product from this line -RRB- and voila , you have a nick that can not be repaired . Even tossing this in a drawer with metal utensils will quickly damage the cutting edge.A simple screw would have made this pizza cutter much easier to clean , as well . As it is , the blade is non-removable and you might find yourself spending lots of time trying to clean out cheese , grease , or other unsavory bits.If you really insisted on being able to cut your pizza on your nonstick pans , this would be the cutter to get , but be ready to buy a new one quickly .
 It has been very frustrating trying to get the lids to seal.The edges of the container and the surface of the lid seal must be immaculately clean to have any hope of holding vacuum.The valve inside the lid can not be accessed for cleaning - if itgets any contaminant in it forget sealing with that lid .1 of the lid valves leaked right out of the box.Holding the adapter on to the lid while pushing on the power button on the sealer is akward.The Food Saver canister is a much better design - the valve is easy to clean and the vacuum hose snaps into the lid so there is no akward adapter to hold.The only customer service is an obscure PO Box in Texas .
 I purchased these canisters for my seal-a-meal . At first , it seemed like they worked great . When the unit was done , there was no way that lid was coming off the canister . However , three days later -LRB- and no one had touched the canister -RRB- the seal was `` broken . '' I thougt maybe user error , so I tried again several times using all three canisters . Same results . I checked with my sister and found out she had the same experience , so they were returned today . The sealer with the bags works great , but these canisters are pretty much useless . Forget Rival customer service . When I called for suggestions on what I might be doing wrong , they read directly from their website and told me that was the only information they had access to .
 I bought this machine April 2005 , paying what I considered a small fortune . I 'm sorry I bought it -- it 's a crappy machine -- I hate it -- it deserves 0 stars . I do n't think I 'll buy another Bissell . A major problem is the belt area of the powerbrush chronically accumulates debris resulting in a burning smell , which renders the machine useless , at which point I have to spend time taking it apart and diagnosing what 's wrong . Not my idea of a competent machine . It has other chronic problems , the upshot being that I feel this vacuum was a total waste of money.We have hardwood floors , very-low-pile `` industrial '' carpet , linoleum , and several longhair cats . We do n't even have floors which make a vacuum work hard , except for cat fur.I refuse to get a vacuum cleaner repaired because the cost of repair is often greater than giving the old one to charity and buying a new one.At this point , I am not going to spend more than $ 100 on any vacuum cleaner , any brand , any style . It 's just not worth the risk of paying $ 300 -LRB- or more -RRB- on a machine that should last ten years and does n't make it two full years . Then at least if the vacuum cleaner breaks down shamefully early , I did n't make too much of an investment in it.I 'm pretty upset about this awful machine . It 's not even worth 1 star !
 I have owned this vacuum for about 2.5 years and that is about the useful life of it . At first I was impressed with its power and liked the lift off unit . However , after using it for about a year the cheap plastic started to break . It also clogs very easily and you have to take everything apart and make a big mess trying to clean it . The suction hose clogs and you have to run a wire through it to remove the plug.The standup unit no longer stands on its own because a chunk of plastic broke off that locks it in the up position . One of the cord receptors broke off after about 20 uses . The belt tends to make a burning smell . The flex hose is not long enough and just pulls the lift off unit over unless you always hold it in your hand.Unfortunately , all current home vacuums that I have seen are made of plastic . I agree with the previous reviewer , do n't spend over $ 100 because it will soon be in the trash pile .
 I bought this mainly because of the Bissell name and also because it I wanted something to clean areas that an upright would not go comfortably . I can not tell you how much I dislike this thing . It is difficult to use , take apart , empty and clean.It needs to have the filter cleaned all the time which means you must take it out and clean it . What is the point of having a vac with a hepa filter and bagless if you have to take everything out and clean the crude off of them all the time.I constantly had to clean the filter because of the way it is made . Dirt just gets pulled right up into the thing until it clogs it -LRB- which does not take long -RRB- then you must take apart and pull all the junk off the filter . It goes down hill from here . I do not know what Bissell was thinking but I think they should have put more effort into working out the flaws . Maybe they could have let real people use it first . Anyway if you do not mind cleaning the vacuum cleaner inside and out two or three times a week buy this one but then you would still not have a very powerful vacuum cleaner . In otherwords do n't buy this .
 Gave it 1 star because I could not give it a 0 . Ordered it , received confirmation of the order , received an email saying it had shipped . 2 weeks later and after 2 unanswered emails and 3 phone calls to GoVacuum , they told me that the manufacturer had discontinued it ! Very sorry costomer service from them .
 I was really hopeful that this would work , but it 's not great . If you have a short piece of fabric , this will work if you use one long downward swipe . If you 're trying to remove hair from a bigger area -LRB- like a coat -RRB- all it does it gather the hair and then spread it around .
 I have multiple cats , and this product did not work for me at all . It just seemed to move the hair around . The hair did not even clump to make it easy to pick up . I can not recommend this product .
 I bought this to use on my surefit two piece stretch couch cover . It does n't work . I tried it on my clothes , it does n't work on those either . Perhaps for carpet or very thick upholstery ? It just really grabs a hold of anything I 've put it to and kind of &#34; sticks &#34; and as you try to drag it it skips . I really gave it a go on both clothing and the couch and it barely moved any hair at all .
 After reading the positive reviews , I thought I would give it a shot . It did not do a great job at lifting pet hair nor cleaning the interior cloth seats of my car . After using it , I would call it a gimmick and not worth the cost .
 does n't work well on shirts , which is why i bought it . It looks and feels like a heavy sponge . nothing special . Wo n't buy again .
 i wipe this over the pet hairs -- nothing . trying on clothes is even worse ! i do n't see how it works for some and not for others but i would not recommend wasting one penny on this . just go over hair with scotch tape and call it a day .
 I bought this thinking it would easily take cat hair off my furniture , but it does n't work as well as it says . I would n't buy another one .
 Do n't buy this product ... it stinks -LRB- literally -RRB- , an unpleasant , rubbery , chemical smell . This is a dense mustard-yellow sponge that rolls the picked-up fur into strands that you have to then pick off the sponge and the surface sponged.A much better option is the Pledge Fabric Sweeper . This baby really does work , and you get to see all the yucky fur building up in the clear dome , which you then empty into a waste basket .
 Had high hopes for this sponge based on previous reviews . Sorry to say its a waste of time if you 're trying to get even a small amount of pet hair off your microfibre couch .
 I 've bought 2 Farberware products . A large Knife set and an electric coffee pot . Both expensive . But like many I trusted the Farberware name . I had to return the knives as they would not cut butter . They did replace them but they are no better than any others . The $ 60 coffee pot lasted one year . No more Farberware anything for me . Pot handels get loose after a short time as well .
 I feel tricked i bought only farberware pots since i have been buying pots as gifts and for personal use . i recently lost everything and so i got a new set and was and is still dissapointet with the size combination . ; -LRB-
 The small pots are too small and you ca n't stir the food if you do n't want to mess up your kitchen . The big one is too big and it 's for making soup for 10 people . No medium size pot .
 I got these pans for a wedding gift 11 years ago . Yes , 11 years is a long time , but I selected what I thought was a well-made set of pans that I hoped would last a lifetime . One large lid that fits my 2 largest pans recently broke . The handles pieces have come apart and can not be reassembled as the parts are stripped . I emailed photos of the broken pieces but was told that this could not be accepted as proof of the broken product . The company verbally offers a replacement `` if the product is still available '' but only if I mail in the pieces in question . With the prices of shipping and the question about whether they 'll actually ship something that fits my pans , I feel really disappointed in Farberware products . I would n't recommend this brand for durability or customer service .
 Cost of steel is up , so Farberware cheaps out -- instead of the steel lids on traditional Farberware , and the lids that are included in the larger `` Classic '' sets , this set has far less durable glass lids . For years Farberware has cut corners by including thin , cheap no-stick fry pans in its sets , but this is a new low . Maybe in a few years they 'll be selling plastic pots and pans ? A real shame -- another American brand that once signified quality now makes disposable products .
 This is the worst product ever , do n't buy this . This is not non stick . . they show you pictures of both the pans that are non stick and sell you all 5 of them . We got cheated by this scam beware folks
 We bought these for a Florida rental unit understanding that we would not get quality pots/pans for this incredibly low price . I would not recommend them for every day , long term use because of their cheap quality . Also , the handles are made of a lightweight plastic so make sure they are n't near the hot burner ! On the bright side , the lids fit nicely and there were various sizes of pans and pots to accommodate most basic cooking . If you are looking for better quality pots/pans , I would not recommend these .
 I have owned my Farberware for 12 years and love it.It was made in the USA . So when I wanted to get cookware for my daughter , Farberware was my 1st choice.I ordered a `` 10 piece classic set '' from Amazon -LRB- They sent it through another shipper but it came on time and was well packed -RRB- When the set came my daughter cooked oatmeal in the small sauce pan for 3 mornings and noticed the finish on the bottom of the pan was chipping off I called the plant and they said that they would replace it . Before I could send it back we used one of the larger pans and noticed it had a small chip in the bottom and was discolored on the sides and bottom . I looked for the warranty which said it was `` limited lifetime '' but did n't cover discoloring and a lot of other things . This was STAINLESS STEEL . It did n't say what was meant by `` lifetime '' so I guess it was the lifetime of the pan , which was 3 days in this case.I then checked to see where it was made and it was Thailand . I called the plant again and they do n't make anything in the USA anymore.I boxed it all up and returned it.I learned most cookware is made overseas now , so I do n't know what to buy . But it wo n't be Farberware . It is a bunch of junk ! I 'm hoping some other factories overseas are better , they could n't be any worse .
 Received this set UPS today and returned to Amazon.com today also . Made overseas from thin cheap steel . Faberware has sold out their reputation by backing these sets of poor quality stainless steel . Bought individual pieces made by Hamilton Beach from a local kitchen store and got better quality and a better price .
 Farberward Stainless Steel 5 qt pot . Overheated . The whole bottom layer popped away from the pan and is unusable . The company will not replace it . I am now afraid to use the other pots . The response from the company was
 The skillets were very disappointing since they are not stainless steel which was one of the main reasons I ordered the set . They do not work on my stove so they are pretty much worthless to me .
 First of all the plates were what I wanted however the diamter is wrong . it is too small to fit my grinder . There was no mention of what size grinder this would fit . it fits a # 5 and mine is # 8 . It would cost me more to return it , so I am stuck with them . I will have to find a store that actually sells the exact size plates.In the future I would suggest the seller put down what size meat grinder the plates fits . If unsure they should ask the purchaser .
 Yes it fits 20 + DVDs but when you put the DVDs on the 2 shelves inside there is so much wasted space above the DVDs , at least 4 inches . You are able to shove 2 more DVDs above each stack of DVDs but it looks bad . I would n't buy this again .
 OK ... picked this up for three bucks at a super market . The pasta was already cooked and this thing barely began to register . Tried it a few times and it was way off each time . The directions are idiot-proof so it was nothing we were doing wrong . The best way to check for pasta is the time-tested method of tasting it yourself . If you rely on this then you 'll be serving up a gooey mush for dinner .
 Not too happy with this product . I gave it to someone for a present and when they opened it the hinges were stripped and falling off . Very disappointed in the quality . Wished I had not ordered it so early so I could have returned it .
 no batteries were included and the slot for the battery was not even big enough for the battery to go into ! i had to force the AA battery in , so it may never come out again . shipping took MUCH longer than expected and the wood looks CHEAP ! i will never purchase anything else from this company again
 I owned this microwave for a year and a half and it worked great up until went up in flames , literally!A microwave should last longer then a year and a half.My next one will not be a Sharp brand .
 It took two times just to cook popcorn.Waste of money ... . I returned it .
 Made a purchase for a Wiskey decater set for what I thought would be a special Christmas gift . I was ecstatic when I received my package Dec 17 with enough time to give the perfect Christmas gift to a close friend . Too bad it was not the correct item . I had to hurry up and return my package and re-requested OrangeOnion to send me the item I initially ordered . I decided since my friend had another special day coming up , an inauguration , I would receive what I originally ordered in time to give him the perfect gift then ! So , I returned my package standard US mail -LRB- otherwise my shipping method would have been as expensive as the item I purchased -RRB- . After Orange Onion received the package on Jan 3 I thought I might receive a confirmation email indicating it was received . Nope ! Since it was so close to the holidays I thought I should give them a few days to notify me in regards to my return . Since I didn &#8217; t hear anything by email or notice a refund in my bank by Jan 15 , THREE weeks later , I initiated the call to speak to someone to track my return . After speaking with the lady from OrangeOnions I asked if they could please just send me the item I very much wanted as opposed to the refund . NOPE , wrong again ! They were out of the item I ordered . Awesome ! This is by far the worst experience I have ever had within the five years I have been a consumer on amazon . It also took several emails and weeks to return my refund , thanks for the disappointment OrangeOnion .
 I do n't wan to give this any stars , they sent the wrong item , got it 2 days before Christmas , called the company never got any call backs . Would tell everyone not to order fro them !
 Looks nice but is overpriced . Lead crystal is dirt cheap . Additionally , there is sufficient evidence to say lead crystal is not suitable for long term storage of whiskey . Unlikely they are going to make note of this in the product description.This is a great buy if you have cash to burn and want a decorative yet useless glass bottle .
 They Sent me the wrong decanter ! problem was i needed it for a party i was having and just used it anyway and now i 'm stuck with it . . pretty frustrated !
 Though the packaging states Godinger Dublin , the decanter I received has a different design and lid -LRB- flat and square -RRB- . If you do a search for Godinger Dublin Whiskey on Amazon the one I received when ordering THIS one is THAT one . Not pleased . Also , the tray is a pretty cheap and flimsy affair , and setting this next to my decanters from Waterford makes it look like glass next to crystal . Be forewarned . You do n't get what you pay for here.To make it worse , I would avoid all Godinger decanters with this flat/square-type of stopper because it is n't level and is unsightly.I like the design of this decanter as pictured but the execution leaves a lot to be desired .
 The set looks nice . Just make sure you are aware that this decanter is made with lead crystal . I did not realize it when I bought it for someone as a gift . I had to return it -LRB- which meant taking it to a UPS store and paying for the return shipping which was not cheap -RRB- and they take a 15 % restocking fee .
 Item received , although very nice looking , was very different looking from what was shown on Amazon . I ordered it twice thinking the first one received was a mistake , but the second looked the same . I also ordered a side splash to match which was the same as shown , so different than the sink tops . Items could not be used as they did not match and I was charged a 20 % restocking fee for returning the side splash . Very disappointed .
 I had this for over a year . The nonstick wore off easily over time and one day it just stopped working . Not happy with this product .
 Water never fails to boil and overflow out of cooker when cooking rice . Makes a mess on the countertop . Rice gets burnt at the bottom . Do n't buy this !
 Got the rice cooker because of the good price from Amazon . However , I would strongly recommend to avoid this rice cooker because there is a fatal design flaw-it has the warmer function on all the time even not cooking . The only way to turn off the warmer fuction is to unplug the power code , which is potentially dangerous if you forget to unplug the power code . I think the engineer who designed the rice cooker should be fired ! The Amazon description on the item does not correctly reveal this problem .
 I did read all the reviews and decided to go with this cookie press . Yes it does have everything you would need . It was difficult to operate and the top of mine kept popping off . I made a bunch of dough for Christmas cookies and after trying many times to make it work I have been unable to complete my cookies . So in addition to being out the cost of shipping both ways and the cost of wasting time and ingredients this has been a bad experience . Wish I could find a cookie press that actually works !
 I 've been looking for a durable press for spritz cookie making . I 've purchased at least 6 over the past 10 years and all have disappointed . Add this one to the list . I tried to think ahead and bought 2 of these , figuring one of them would fail -LRB- break -RRB- within a year . They both failed before I had 20 cookies pressed on the cookie sheet . The pop rivet connections and ratcheting mechanism ca n't handle the pressues of the spritz dough .
 Very dissatisfied with the cookie press . The ratchet skips half the time , requiring one to push down on top of rod thus being unable to hold press while operating . Also plastic plunger is does not have a lip on dough side of plunger to retain dough , resulting in significant dough going around plunger . I would not recommend this press .
 The top lever &#34; base &#34; is made of plastic and it completely broke after the 12th press down . The plastic simply broke apart .
 The instructions are very poor . After working with it for a while I put in cookie dough . Then when it needed more dough I could not get the item apart . I ended up just throwing it away . Do n't need an item that takes me more time to use than not .
 We were excited to try a new cookie press and this one seemed simple enough that it might work well . Prior to this we had owned a motorized press that was terrible . This press is n't much better . We could only get a couple of the shapes to work and the lever broke almost immediately . After that I had to press down with all my might to get cookies to come out -LRB- since the lever was what makes it effortless -RRB- . Ironically , it worked better this way , but my cramped shoulder was the trade-off . We decided to give up and pay quite a bit more to buy a used old school cookie press -LRB- with the twist top -RRB- on ebay like both of our parents have .
 I grew up making ` spritz ' cookies and have been looking for my own cookie gun . I read different reviews and compared prices and settled on this one . I tried making cookies with it and it would NOT form the cookies . You have to use 2 hands to move the handle up and down because it is not a squeeze handle . You have to twist the plunger part to the side to pull it up and then re-twist it back into place . And there is a disc to slide the cookie size from 1 to 2 depending on what size cookie you want . The disc is impossible to move . It 's a very frustrating machine and did not work for me at all .
 Excited to use this for Christmas cookies . I read the directions , and began with dreams of easy , beautifully shaped cookies . Instead , you get maybe 4 that are the right shape out of an entire tube full of dough . The process to reload was awkward , and mis-colored the dough if I did n't thread the screw lid just right . In the end I got 24 cookies after about 1 hour of pressing . I 'll go back to just cutting shapes out with a cookies cutter and save myself the swearing and aggravation that came with this cookie press
 This is the same glass top coffee table being sold by Design Toscano as `` Warwickeshire Dragon Glass Top Coffee Table '' . I ordered this item . The first 4 were BROKEN at the exact same place where the body & tail meet , and were sent back before I finally got an unbroken one . They were all shipped from china , with `` MADE IN CHINA '' stickers on every dragon base . I should 've just asked for a refund after I recieved the first broken one , as I was n't pleased with the quality of the item . MY BAD!The dragon base is HOLLOW and is cast in very , very , VERY thin `` Designer Resin '' and is light as a KITE . It feels like it 's made of paper mache . The 39 '' x 23 '' glass tabletop that comes with it is too small and looks funny on top of the dragon base . The whole thing keeps trying to topple over when cleaning the glass top!The dragon base is spray painted with a black basecoat , followed by a grey wash to attempt an `` antique stone '' look , but unfortunately there are MANY crevices in the body , eyes and wings where the paint never made it . All these little unpainted areas reveal the WHITE `` designer resin '' base . These unpainted spots were prevalent on ALL FIVE of these I received - Bad paint jobs all , fast n ' sloppy . Like I said , I should 've asked for a refund.Also , I keep a black sharpie handy at all times because everytime anything -LRB- someone 's shoe , child 's rubber ball , etc -RRB- even SLIGHTLY bumps the dragon base - POOF ! The paint chips off creating YET ANOTHER white spot , revealing the white resin underneath . THERE IS NO CLEAR PROTECTIVE TOP COAT FINISH to prevent this from happening . For $ 365 DOLLARS one would expect at least ONE -LRB- 1 -RRB- top coat to protect the finish.In all honesty , I would NEVER recommend this product to anyone . The ordeal I went thru just to get one that was n't BROKEN was bad enough , let alone the shoddy workmanship . F -
 I first purchased this trashcan several years ago , and absolutely loved the hands-free usage . A little more than a year ago , I had to replace the lid due to a broken hinge which caused the pin to be lost -LRB- spending nearly $ 40 including shipping -RRB- from the manufacturer 's website . Today I had to contact their customer service again as the same problem occurred with the lid , broken hinge and lost pin . Customer service stated they were sorry for the inconvenience and advised not to open the lid by hand or place anything on top as this could cause stress to the lid . We did neither to cause the breakage . Although they offered a 10 % discount off the price of another lid , I will not be replacing it . Such a shame , as the concept of the product is good .
 Less than a year ago I bought the Touchless Automatic Trashcan and thought it was a great addition to my kitchen . Then this past week it started to grind and refused to open for me . There is only two of us in the house so it was not because of overtasking the machine . I am disappointed in the trashcan as I came to depend on it , only to have it let me down.I hesitate in sending for another due to its relative high cost and its lack of reliability .
 The handle is sturdy , its line is attractive , and the material will surely never scratch pans . It earns 1 star for these reasons.However.The 2 inches at the end of the spatula head are * extremely * flimsy . I thought I was going to break it in two while hand-washing after unpackaging . I was very gentle but now the turner is warped at the mid-point of the slotted head . Wow . This might be a good-sized spatula , but I could not imagine ever using it with confidence . Really disappointed & will return for refund .
 Love the Batali line , but very disappointed with this tool . Design is flawed with the edge of the turner too flexible and with the heat of pan becomes nearly un-usable . Only using for fish as named , and far to flimsy . Good luck , but not a great buy ...
 First and foremost , the product is fine . The glass looks like plastic -LRB- which it is -RRB- but is well-sized for a frozen drink and it serves its purpose . I have not washed it in the dishwasher , so I can not speak to its ability to hold up -LRB- minus the heated drying cycle -RRB- . Most importantly , if you linked to this item for the pack of 18 - let it be known that despite the description saying it is a `` set '' and the name saying `` glassES , '' plural , this is one singular glass that you will be purchasing . If you are looking for a set of multiple glasses , this is not the item for you .
 I wish I had read the reviews before I purchased these sheets . I just assumed thread count meant quality and softness -- was I ever wrong ! As so many others have pointed out , the sheets felt nice and soft when I opened the package , so I assumed they were fine . But after laundering , they were course , stiff , and unbelievably wrinkled . We are sleeping on them , but I am afraid after a second laundering they will have to be replaced ! At least I now know not to order Pike Street bedding for the replacement , and to read the reviews before buying !
 I 've had this item for a few years now . Despite the high thread count , it did not quite lived up to the standards of good Egyptian cotton that I know . Do not recommend it .
 I thought these sheets were going to be great - well , after the first washing , they would not fit on our king bed . I was EXTREMELY disappointed as we never were able to use them .
 I bought the king-size sheet set from Amazon . They are the worst sheets I ever bought . First , they came full of wrinkles and with many loose threads hanging off . Second , there was a burn mark in the flat sheet so it probably was n't new . Third , the sheets look cheap . I returned it .
 I wish I had read the other reviews before purchasing these sheets ! I do n't mind a few wrinkles , but these sheets come out of the dryer with more than a few . I 'm forced to iron the pillowcases and the top border of the flat sheet . They 're also not nearly as soft as 420 count should be . I do NOT recommend these sheets , even for the price . In the future , I will stick with a well-known brand .
 These sheets were beautiful in the package , but after washing , which I always do for new sheets , they shrunk considerably and wrinkled like crazy . I am very disappointed with these sheets and would tell anyone to stay away from Pike Street .
 King-sized NOT king-sized , would n't fir on my standard king-sized bed . Also , high thread count does n't = soft . Rougher texture than I want and picks up lint like crazy ! Had to return them .
 These sheets are OK . Not really that silky , though . There 's a cross pattern on them that 's raised . I prefer them to be smooth .
 I was disappoint with this product . I thought the package will come with 2 pillow cases and 2 pillow shams . I was not as soft and smooth like 420 thread count .
 For the price the sheets are fine , but they are a bit rough . After a few washes and a LOT of fabric softener they are sleep-able : - -RRB-
 I was originally impressed when I first received them , but now I am very dissatisfied with them for one reason ; they 've shrunk , particularly the fitted sheet that now is a struggle -LRB- takes two people -RRB- to put it in on . It also `` pops '' off my king size bed after one or two nights of use and we have to struggle again to get it back on .
 There is n't much to like about these sheets . They wrinkle like crazy when you wash them and the stitching leaves a lot to be desired - hanging threads are all over the place . I would not recommend these sheets at all .
 These sheets wrinkled terribly after drying , faded and faded unevenly , the worst part were due to the patterned knit they were rough and had little tiny knots all over the surface . They were not worth the $ 30.00 , but on a positive note they came with four pillow cases !
 I have purchased Pike Street brand sheets before and was satisfied . So much so , that I did not hesitate to purchase two of these sheet sets . Bad idea . I was very disappointed with the quality of these sheets . The fabric felt like sand paper . I washed one of the sets and they came out of the dryer extremely wrinkled . I have never ironed sheets but these would need be ironed before being used . I returned both sets .
 These sheets are the worst quality of sheets I 've ever purchased . I washed them twice before using them and they still feel like sandpaper . I would never purchase Pike Street sheets again and would n't recommend them to anyone else .
 When I received the set , I was very disappointed in the quality of the material . I put them on my bed and discovered a burn hole in the fitted sheet . The material was scratchy and I had to wash them and add Downy softner which did nothing to improve the quality . I wo n't buy any more .
 These are the most uncomfortable sheets I 've run across , ever . I seriously doubt that they could ever sell for $ 120 . They come out of the dryer so deeply wrinkled and rough feeling that it would take hours of ironing to make them acceptable .
 The Pike Street sheets I bought at Amazon indicates to me that there is n't any quality control done by this company . Thay were definately not 420 count and they were the most wrinkled sheets I 've ever bought . I have donated them to charity . Everything I bought from Amazon has been of poor quality and I have given all of it away . They buy junk , from CHINA and sell it to poor unspecting consumers at a sale price . I wo n't shop with Amazon again .
 Amazon sent an unsafe unit ; responded with a replacement which ups dropped off the truck ; then refused to send a third . I went elsewhere .
 I bought these to use on chip or other snack bags . I was not thrilled with the product as they are too small to really hold a bag shut . However , it could be because they are size small . I recommend getting a larger size if they offer it . The actual product is fine , easy to use , and durable .
 I thought this would be a decent blender at a reasonable price -- after all , Farberware is a good name in kitchenware . But this blender has leaked right from the get-go . Something about the O-ring at the bottom is n't right , and liquid leaks out all over the base . What does stay in the pitcher is well-blended , but I 've had messes all over the counter after using this blender . Definitely would recommend something else instead .
 I do not have this actual product but I do have a SALTON blender and it is JUNK . The gears to drive the blender are made of plastic . I used it three times and on the third time it stripped out . SALTON 's customer service is completely useless . You can not buy any of the repair parts to fix their products.If it had a metal drive gear I would think it would be a good product but if it is plastic STAY AWAY from SALTON blenders .
 I really enjoyed the 22 gallon iTouchless trashcan . I received it on or about August 3 , 2007 and had absolutely no problems assembling it . I received the adapter a few days later and could not possibly have been happier.That is , until the motion detector stopped working . I tried cleaning it , turning it off and on , changing the batteries , changing the electrical outlet . Nothing worked.I emailed Amazon and the manufacturer . No reply from 2 emails to the manufacturer . Amazon 's policy is
 We bought this garbage can about a year ago . It was shiny and sharp looking ! My boys named it R2D2!The sensor never did quite work correctly out of the box . One of the castor wheels also broke within the first week . The love for poor R2 , of course , started to fade . We had to remove the other wheels to keep it from going lopsided . We just used it for an over-sized garbage can . The ring meant to help hold your bag in place constantly gets in the way . We stopped using it and just draped the edge of the bag over the lip and then refitted the lid onto it . Several months ago , the screws that held the handle -LRB- connected to a support ring inside the can -RRB- broke . The handle started twisting and the ring inside started tearing the bags when you removed the filled bag . We did not abuse the can at all and used good garbage bags -LRB- force flex black bags -RRB- Oh , and if you have a family that pushes garbage down , bypass this can . There are ridges inside that will catch anything pushed down , even with the can in good shape , and will tear the bag as you try to remove it . I had to remind my teens not to push the garbage down.So here about a year later , I have an expensive garbage can with a touch sensor that never worked , torn garbage bags , with just one handle and no wheels . I am on Amazon now , looking to replace it . I do n't know if I got a lemon , but this can just kept breaking more and more . It was too big to be worth shipping back , so we dealt with it . I will be going back to the plain plastic cans . I at least know those will do what they are supposed to - Hold a garbage bag without ripping it .
 This can has done everything advertised . Went through 2 rounds of batteries in 1 year which is actually quite good . The motor died almost exactly 1 yr to the day I bought it . $ 200 a yr for a trash can is too steep but it was great while it lasted
 This product looks just like it does on its package . It came with two plasticsupport bars that are inserted just above both openings . It is lightweight and easy to handle . My 4-year old son loved it and even wanted to sleep in the day we got it . However , he was really frustrated when it would tip over or fall on him . The bottom part of the tent is lined with wire , easily bent , and does n't provide for a sturdy structure . I used some tape to secure it to the floor but it did n't stay put . It could use some reinforcement to stand in place .
 I thought that this would be a great gift for my three year old and my 16 month old to play in , but it really was n't . The only saving grace for this toy is that it has a giant picture of Diego on it . The structural design is extremely poor . It says pop up tent but all it is , is two small rods that you insert into the sides . These do NOTHING for the integrity of the tent . It collapses with a strong breath ! It actually trapped by 16 month old in it ! Out of desperation I cut a wrapping paper tube to fit across the top and hot glued it in , hoping that would keep the tent stretched out enough for the kids to play in , but that still did n't work , so I hot glued the bottom of the back of the tent to the base board of the wall . The front still caves in , but at least my kids can get out of it now . I would not buy this again , and would NOT recommend it to anyone !
 This pan turned black after I hand washed it . I ca n't get it off I would not recommend it for purchase .
 I guess I 'm the first to write a bad review . I must have a defected one . I made Elana 's paleo bread for the first time -LRB- which we know is n't cheap -RRB- . I ordered this pan for that reason . However , I made the bread . Looked great , almost too dark of a crust , but still looked great . After it cooled , I went to take it out of the pan , which it would n't budge except the middle fell out totally uncooked . I had to literally `` scrape '' the rest of it out and the bottom of the pan is swirly black . Throwing it out and buying another brand close to same size .
 Bought this item several times and they both cracked . I am sticking with Tupperware ! If it cracks I get a new one free . Had mine now for 6 months and guess what ? NO cracks .
 I agree with the two above reviews as far as they go , but I 've had mine for a year now , and it now makes the weakest coffee on earth . At first , running it through the cleaning cycle solved the problem , but now nothing helps . I use twice the amount of coffee I used to use to get the same result . That 's an expensive cup of coffee !!! I also run it through the cleaning cycle once a week -LRB- I only make coffee once a day , so that 's excessive . -RRB- Not to mention the hassle of having to clean it so often . It takes an hour to run through the clean cycle , and then you have to make a full pot of hot water twice to clean the vinegar/cleaning solution out of the coffee maker . I just cleaned it yet again , made coffee , and it tastes like muddy water .
 Within a couple weeks of getting this coffee pot , we had an overflow incident . All over the counter . Then it would brew only half and stop . So I read the manual and did the clean cycle , even only after this short of period . It would work okay for awhile , and then do the same thing . Or often grounds are in our coffee or tea . Cleaning it does n't help any more .
 I am now on the 2nd ISX43 coffee maker in less than 6 months . I had the 1st one and used it less than 10 times before the water completely leaked out the bottom while pouring it in . Mr. Coffee sent me a new one . In 3 weeks time , using it 2 times a week , the second one started doing the exact same thing . I called and they said they would send me another one . I asked if they would like to see the old one to see what was wrong . They said no . I said am I the only one that has this problem . The `` gentleman '' stated that since he has worked for Mr. Coffee for 4 years that of course he has seen coffee pots leak . I felt he was being rude.I took the bottom off the maker and discovered that the cheap glue that they use to attach the hoses to a tube comes unglued and there fore causes it to come apart and leak . Really poor design . Really poor company that does n't care and really poor customer service .
 Mr. Coffee -LRB- Sunbeam Products -RRB- is just another case of a supposed American company pawning off Chinese junk on American consumers . I bought this coffee maker less than a year ago and about a week ago , it just quit . It is just as well , because I was getting tired of luke warm coffee . After it died , I decided to take it apart just to see the quality of the construction . All I can say is that this thing is JUNK ! JUNK ! JUNK !
 worked ok for a couple weeks , then started having overflow problems , then it pluged up and would not draw the water into the heating element . I have very soft water but cleaned it anyway , slight help for about 2 brews . This machine is simply poorly designed . If you try to make a full pot of coffee , water does not flow out of grounds fast enough and it backs up and runs over making a huge mess and plugging it self up . Mr. Coffee should be ashamed of this piece of junk .
 My wife asked me to replace my Hamilton beach Coffee maker I 've had for the last 4 years because it looked old . I bought this Mr Coffee on sale at Costco.It brews hot and did not make a mess.The problem is it makes all coffee taste like water and does not stay warm after being brewed.I 've tried it both with and without the carbon filter it comes with and have had the same sad results every time.Than just to be fair I had a brew-off between my old machine and this Mr coffee using the same amount of fresh ground 8 O'clock bean in both machines.The results were just as stated above . Mr coffee made hot brown water while my 4 year old Hamilton Beach stainless stay or go made delicious coffee.I have since donated my mr coffee to the boys on the loading dock at work and reinstalled my old coffee maker to it 's rightful place on my counter .
 Customer service fantastic.Product was replaced 3 times . the third time with a different model.Would stop brewing after one or two cups . Clock would not work.They do not repair the unit but replace it . Shipping both ways free .
 This coffee pot lasted 7 months . Just slowly stopped working . Started with coffee grounds in my coffee , then not very hot . Today not working at all brewed 4 cups and died . The clock never did work properly like all the other models and I doubt I will buy another . Not sure why but the cheapest coffee pot you can buy with no frills seem to run longer than med or expensive pots . I seem to be going through coffee pots one after another cheap foreign crap . -- Good luck to you finding quality .
 Over the past 6 months I have had two of these Mr. Coffee Coffeemakers . Seems that after a few months they stop heating up and the last one started smoking just yesterday . I have a friend who had a Mr. Coffee machine set his kitchen on fire , fortunately they were home at the time.All I can say is that no more Mr. Coffee machines in this house !!! Get a good Cuisinart may cost a few more bucks , but they last much longer .
 While it was working , it did a good job with making the coffee.But have had it less than a year and it is no longer working . The water pump is not working.Very disappointed . Wish I kept my Costco receipt so I could return this .
 Received a lesser product than advertised . I purchased the ISX-43 and was shipped the ISX-43-1 . The product I THOUGHT I BOUGHT AND PAID FOR has a warmer plate control which is on the ISX43 . The unit that was shipped did not have this feature . They said I could return it and they would refund my money but the cost of shipping to return the incorrect coffee maker would be half the cost of the item being refunded . That 's a lose lose in my opinion . Very disappointed that I did not receive the product ordered . I have chosen to keep what I got because I needed a coffee maker but happy about it .
 This coffee pot is not worth the money . We had it a little over a year when it stopped working .
 I 've gone through three -LRB- 3 -RRB- Mr.Coffee Pots in the past 4 or 5 years .1 - heating element - cold coffee1 - will not perk all the way , starts and stops .1 - leaks all over counter.No more Mr. Coffee for me ... junk ... guess I 'm a slow learner .
 I have used this coffee maker for just over two years and have only had a few problems :1 . The decanter is not well made . The lining cracked within the first month of usage and has since leaked every time .2 . I usually brew small pots -LRB- 2-4 cups -RRB- and this particular model does not accomodate for this.Other than that it has functioned well with maintenance and I feel I 've got my moneys worth . Reliable , decent coffee maker for the money .
 The first one we bought stopped working after 12 months . They were excellent and sent us a new one at no cost . Now , that one is starting to fail . Oh well ... at least the customer service is good .
 I bought this coffee pot as a gift for my boyfriend . When he became my husband , it became my coffee pot . It 's horrible !!!! I 've read a lot of reviews about other coffee pots overflowing and leaking all over the counter/floor , but none that complain that this model does that . Ours has overflowed at least ten times . We have the model with the stainless steel carafe , so that may be the difference -- i do n't know . The coffee is not that hot when it comes out of the machine , and the carafe does not keep the coffee hot at all . In fact , once i put cream in it , I have to put it in the microwave to heat it up . It 's a nice looking machine , and it makes a decent cup of coffee when it works , which is why i gave it one star .
 Pulled out of the plastic bag ... felt the quality and quickly sent it back . You can find better for the price .
 DO NOT BUY THESE KNIVES . Wow , I was really disappointed with this knife . Such POOR quality . Brand new and it ca n't even cut a tomato with force ! It 's already rusting , and shows rusted spots even though I dried it after washing . Some foods like squash or cucumbers leave strange streaks on the knife that you can not scrub off , no matter how much elbow grease you use . Steel Wool wo n't remove it , even scraping it with a fingernail will not remove it . I love RR which is why I thought the knife might be something good , but I ca n't believe she put her name on this or endorses it ! I hope my warnings will keep anyone else from making the mistake of purchasing this knife or any of the knives like it . I wish I could get my money back ! I 'm not usually one to buy something because of the name attached to it and I 'll probably not buy anything else with RR 's name on it .
 I tried this knife at Sur La Table at the Furi demo . They appeared to be very sharp . However I did not like these knives for the following reasons1 -RRB- I dont care much for the cheap plastic-like orange handles2 -RRB- The finish on the knives appear to be cheap . Furi implies that these knives are made in Germany . However they are cheaply `` Made in China '' . Now generally I dont care that much . . everything is now made in China anyways . . But when I am paying so much money for a product , I was hoping it was made in Germany or USA .3 -RRB- The case is even more cheaply made.Personally , I would wait for a sale on the Global or the Wustof knives .
 The first time using this knife was great . Nice grip and good size knife . It cut through a tomato with ease . After it was handwashed and used the next few times I saw that it no longer cut with ease . The blade is starting to rust and it already needs to be re-sharpened -LRB- blade almost looks pitted -RRB- . I would return it but I really do n't want to be bothered with that . And the packaging is long gone.Does Rachael Ray really use this thing ??
 I 'm a former chef and have had Gerber chef knives since 1986 and they still hold an awesome edge . I also have a few Henckels and Wusthof , which I like a little better , for comfort . I was excited about the Furi knife ... I bought the 7 '' santoku and I really like the weight of it and it is comfortable to use . I sharpen and hone my knives and after about 6 months , the edge of the Furi started to break apart ... there are little chunks of whatever the metal is ... missing ... maybe in food I prepared ??? I 'm extremely disappointed in this knive and have written to her show to find out how often she replaces her knife with a new one ... I would n't recommend this knife at all ... they have a lot of improving to do !
 Do not purchase this knife . My husband bought this for me for Christmas . After the second hand washing , the knife was rusted - spots all over both sides of the knife . I still have cheap knives from my college days -LRB- 1993 -RRB- that have n't rusted . Very disappointed , I expected more ...
 Its sharp , but after two washes it 's rusting all over . Looking for the manufacturer 's website but what do you know , there is n't one . Amazon willing to replace ??
 I do n't cook often , but I found the knives to be sharp but useless . Why ? Because after only 2 months of sporadic use , they are already developing rust spots all over them . I do n't even cook often , and always hand wash and dry thoroughly . They just are not a good purchase , especially at this price.Unfortunately , I got these as a gift so I wo n't even be able to complain to the store where I bought them . Simply a bad purchase .
 First of all , let me say , I 'm a loyal Amazon customer and do most of my online research for items on Amazon , so when I really like something -LRB- or not , in this case -RRB- I feel compelled to speak out . I do n't like to give negative reviews , but this knife is just simply so-so , nothing special and at this price , it should be SPECIAL . One particular thing is that in all of Rachel Ray 's TV shows -LRB- and I watched a lot of them -RRB- I have never once seen her use this knife !! What 's with that ? Why put her name on something she does n't use ? Cash , maybe ? hmmmm That 's disappointing . The handle is orange , and feels okay , if a little heavy in the hand . The blade is heavy and just feels too thick to me , and it does n't cut easily . I have average size hands . I have since purchased a set of four of Wolfgang Puck 's knives with a wooden block for less money than the price of this knife and that was the clincher for me . His knives are outstanding ! I always reach for Wolfgang 's knives now ... they are perfectly balanced , very sharp , and I could n't be happier with them.Added Dec. 10 . 2007 ... Have been meaning to amend this review for some time . Yes , I have noticed that Rachel does NOW use this knife on her show , but at the time of the writing of this review , she was using what appeared to be a Wusthof Classic on all her shows . I think I probably acquired this knife just as she was developing her orange handled product line . I notice she now has cookware etc. in the same color . I gave the knife away because I simply did n't like it for all the above reasons . My Wolfgang knives are still performing well for me , just require an occasional sharpening .
 I purchased 5 of these to sell on another website where they were selling for about $ 53.00 each . BUT when I got them , they were n't the ones pictured . They were plain white , no logo , no design , nothing . Though that sounds like a silly complaint , I was only able to sell these plain toasters for $ 15-18 a piece rather than the $ 53 toasters pictured . The ones I received were also shaped differently , they were rounded at the ends , sat lower to the counter , and had a different button than the ones pictured .
 Well honestly I am not please . I guess I can not expect much for the toaster ones but the roll one I got my father quite working and am going to send it back .
 The concept is a great one . But this toaster does n't heat the hot dog to high enough temperature , even at the highest setting . You have to run the hot dogs through two heat cycles to do that . But if you do n't take out the buns after the first cycle , the buns are burned . Great concept , terrible delivery . I 'd go with one of the `` roller '' style hotdog gadgets out there . This will definitely be a garage sale item .
 I would suggest you not buy this product . It is really of very poor quality . In fact , ours did n't work and we had to return it . We opted for this product because it was cheaper than some of the other hot dog cookers . Well , the expression . . `` you get what you pay for '' surely applies for this product .
 I 'm a little disappointed . Even with the variable heating time , it tends to partially burn the buns .
 The stop button broke after the first time used.Returning it for a refund .
 We were looking for furniture to hold our 42 '' LCD HD TV and came across the Salamander Synergy 323 in Best Buy . They had it priced at $ 999 which seems to be some sort of price fix since , no matter where I look , including Amazon , the price is the same . At that price this furniture is absolutely in the realm of the ridiculous . Adding further insult injury is the fact that you have to actually put this stuff together yourself . At half the price I would probably have given this 4 stars since it seems to be designed well . The rear panels , for example , can easily be removed for access to your video or audio equipment . Some of the materials , especially the perforated steal inserts , seem somewhat cheap . The rest of the materials that make up the stand are just OK.If you are looking to buy an item like this in this price range I suggest you look at a fine furniture store that discounts .
 This is the second Salamander Synergy 323 that we 've owned . The first was purchased from a reputable home theater dealer in San Francisco . The dealer insisted in putting the unit together . He was relentless even when I insisted that I could build the unit myself . I thought that this was just a ploy to increase our costs , but I gave in for the sake of expediency.The second Synergy 323 was purchased from Amazon . This unit I put together and , while it ultimately turned out well , the process was painful . Having spent four hours fighting with a poorly designed installation , I now fully understand why the San Franciso dealer was so firm in stating that he wanted to put our first unit together.The instructions leave much to be desired . And should an error occur , particularly with those awful rail track mechanisms , the only way to fix the error is to disassemble parts of the unit.If that was n't bad enough , the product 's craftsmanship is subpar . I found deep scratches in the wood , dented parts and wood joints that are off kilter . It seems that Salamader Designs has taken a `` close is good enough '' position in milling the product.This is not your flimsy K-Mart style furniture . However , I expected more by way of a thoughtfully designed installation and far better quality control in this unit . I was disappointed and displeased .
 I was given one of these about a year ago , I tried it briefly and it 's been collecting dust in my closet ever since . It does chill wine . In fact , it does it pretty well . Unfortunately , it also has inside it a loud fan which is always on . Picture a quiet evening for two , a candlelight dinner and this gizmo sitting nearby that looks like a miniature nuclear power plant cooling tower and sounds like a hair dryer and you can see the problem with this thing . It 's just too darn noisy ! Also rather ugly , imo . A more pleasant solution would be to keep the wine in one of those wrap-around gel packs for chilling wine that you keep in the freezer until needed .
 pillowcase was cute BUT the material has white spots all over where the coloring on the material did n't stick .
 I ordered the coated but received the metal one . Unfortunately , I did not realize it until it was too late for a return . The box was labeled coated , but the item inside was the burnished metal .
 I normally love KitchenAid products . My problem with this is I have now bought 3 of these because the coating wears down and I end up eating the stuff and than notice I have to replace the item . The bottom shows bare metal . Not sure what the coating is made of but I doubt it was made for me to be eating . My poor cake had hard little pieces of the coating in it . I have lined the beater up again but not sure how often you need to do this . Hate to having to worry about this .
 I was disappointed in this product . It is not the best quality that I was expect from Kitchenaid . It now sits with the rest of the gadgets I wish I had never bought .
 this product would not fit properly in our corners . bad product would not recomend . to heavy to ship back , not even worth it !
 I tried this knife at Sur La Table at the Furi demo . They appeared to be very sharp . However I did not like these knives for the following reasons1 -RRB- I dont care much for the cheap plastic-like orange handles2 -RRB- The finish on the knives appear to be cheap . Furi implies that these knives are made in Germany . However they are cheaply `` Made in China '' . Now generally I dont care that much . . everything is now made in China anyways . . But when I am paying so much money for a product , I was hoping it was made in Germany or USA .3 -RRB- The case is even more cheaply made.Personally , I would wait for a sale on the Global or the Wustof knives .
 Just like the others who bought this pitter - I got mine and at first , it was wonderful . Then the 3rd time I used it the plunger fell out and now falls out with every cherry I pit . Piece of junk .
 This arrived after cherry season -LRB- my fault for ordering late -RRB- , but I tried it on various olives . Useless . If it mangles cherries the way it mangles olives , I ca n't imagine it being useful for anything but a small paperweight .
 As others have said , the plunger sheers off after a season of use , making the pitter useless . A complete waste of money , unless you want a single-season pitter !
 This goes in my junk drawer , because it does n't fit the definition of a kitchen tool . As many other reviewers have noted , the `` plunger '' fell out the second time I used it . I had bought this one for my new kitchen because I liked the upscale look of this shiny chrome piece of crap over that of my ugly old $ 5 cherry/olive pitter . Well , guess which one now lives in my kitchen tool drawer , and which one lives in a landfill somewhere ? As my Granny used to say , `` pretty is as pretty does . ''
 The design does n't cut the flesh cleanly . I end up with smashed pieces and large portions still stuck to the pit .
 I bought this and paid good money for it thinking that it would last forever . First the arm kept coming out and then the bottom holder completely broke off . I was very disappointed with this pitter .
 I was excited to buy a cherry pitter , as I love cherries , but hate the labor of pitting them . I actually searched online reviews to find the best one . The Leifheit took the cake according to what I read . What a disappointment . I was happy with it at first - I was chugging out pitted cherries at lightening speed ! I have had my pitter for about 6 months , used it probably 3 or 4 times , and the metal `` plunger '' fell right out . It does n't stay in anymore , I ca n't use it . What a piece of junk . It looks pretty , but save your money .
 I was pitting my seventh cherry when this piece of junk fell apart . The plunger loosens and falls out , and you can no longer use it . Do not buy this .
 My cherry pitter lasted longer than the previous reviewers . The plunger , however , did fall out . The design of this product is obviously flawed .
 I used this pitter for making a cherry pie , and it worked great ! Then , the second time that I used it to pit an olive , the base fell off ! This item is not worth purchasing !
 I owned two of these cherry pitters because local stores only carry this one . On each the plunger fell out during first use . I do like the stainless steel and how it feels in your hand , but when a product breaks repeatedly and becomes useless it 's badly manufactured and designed . Do not buy this product !
 This is a TERRIBLE cherry pitter . I paid WAY too much money for it at an upscale kitchen gadget shop but thought that I would make the investment terrible mistake . The plunger has fallen out and comes out with each cherry . I have tried to glue , and fix and nothing works . It really is a poorly made piece of junk .
 I had the same experience as reported in all the negative reviews . Works great at first , but then the `` plunger '' fell off the second time I tried it . This obvious design flaw is all the more disappointing , since it would otherwise be an excellent and worthy kitchen gadget .
 I bought this primarily as an olive stoner . It is possible that it might work on very small olives , but the big green Italian kind I buy in large tins are almost impossible to insert into the pitter in the first place , and then the plunger goes off center just enough to jam the stone . As an aside , the not so clever metal hinge stopper on the end which is supposed to keep the thing closed when not in use is badly cast and simply will not work . This is a piece of junk , even , I suspect , for cherries .
 We were looking for furniture to hold our 42 '' LCD HD TV and came across the Salamander Synergy 323 in Best Buy . They had it priced at $ 999 which seems to be some sort of price fix since , no matter where I look , including Amazon , the price is the same . At that price this furniture is absolutely in the realm of the ridiculous . Adding further insult injury is the fact that you have to actually put this stuff together yourself . At half the price I would probably have given this 4 stars since it seems to be designed well . The rear panels , for example , can easily be removed for access to your video or audio equipment . Some of the materials , especially the perforated steal inserts , seem somewhat cheap . The rest of the materials that make up the stand are just OK.If you are looking to buy an item like this in this price range I suggest you look at a fine furniture store that discounts .
 This is the second Salamander Synergy 323 that we 've owned . The first was purchased from a reputable home theater dealer in San Francisco . The dealer insisted in putting the unit together . He was relentless even when I insisted that I could build the unit myself . I thought that this was just a ploy to increase our costs , but I gave in for the sake of expediency.The second Synergy 323 was purchased from Amazon . This unit I put together and , while it ultimately turned out well , the process was painful . Having spent four hours fighting with a poorly designed installation , I now fully understand why the San Franciso dealer was so firm in stating that he wanted to put our first unit together.The instructions leave much to be desired . And should an error occur , particularly with those awful rail track mechanisms , the only way to fix the error is to disassemble parts of the unit.If that was n't bad enough , the product 's craftsmanship is subpar . I found deep scratches in the wood , dented parts and wood joints that are off kilter . It seems that Salamader Designs has taken a `` close is good enough '' position in milling the product.This is not your flimsy K-Mart style furniture . However , I expected more by way of a thoughtfully designed installation and far better quality control in this unit . I was disappointed and displeased .
 Thought this would be great -- stainless steel & sturdy . It is sturdy , but hard to use ; you have to rock it back and forth to get thru the apple . Was rather disappointed , it should work better . Made in China , so no instructions , either . I 've used plastic ones that worked better .
 We received this last year for Christmas and it broke this week . I never quite liked the handling of it or how hard it was to push it down on the apple . Often times it would cut crooked and cut into the core . I am not happy with this product as it did n't last a year and it is manufactured in China . Enough said .
 I bought this to replace the $ 6 plastic one we 'd bought at Ralph 's -LRB- Kroger -RRB- a couple of years previously - one of the handles broke . I figured this would be better , being of all metal construction - I was right and wrong . Nothing happened to the handles , but the cutters themselves gave out . We bought this on 25APR09 . In June , one of the cutter pieces came loose -LRB- the spot weld that held it to the corer came undone -RRB- , but it still worked . Yesterday -LRB- 20SEP09 -RRB- , that whole piece -LRB- two cutters -RRB- , popped out , making this a ten-slicer instead of a twelve . The $ 6 one lasted longer - end of story .
 Looks nice , but it takes too much strength and effort to cut through the apple and then at the end of it all , it does n't even cut the whole way through , so you have to manually pick them out . I 'll go back to my knife , having returned it .
 It worked fine for about 25 apples , then the blades broke away from the ring . Based on the other reviews , I may have received a defective sample , but I ca n't recommend .
 I purchase the Leifheit apple slicer/corer expecting that would give me perfectly cut slices for my apple pies . Unfortunately it did n't work out that way . Although it looks and feels like a heavy duty item , it was a total disappointment when I used it . The blades are not sharp enough and they do not cut all the way through . I am a pretty strong woman I think and I really have to put all my strength to push this apple corer through the apple . After succeeding that task the slices are still attached and you have to pick them out one by one which makes it very time consuming . I think using my paring knife I can core and slice an apple way faster . It is ashame because it looks well made but it really has a design flaw . The blades needed to be sharper and longer .
 Did n't work on solid apples like granney smith . Apples must also be symetrical and not too firmLeifheit Pro Line Stainless Steel Apple Slicer/Corer
 I decided on this product after some research and good recommendations . It worked great until that one day . The other people that have rated this slicer have obviously not used it very long . Mine is now broken in the exact same manner as in K. E. Wilson 's customer picture . The center weld on the coring ring breaks and the blade pair comes lose .
 First , this `` Oak '' bookcase is metal NOT wood in case you did n't read all the details . And rather flimsy metal at that . Some of it is bendable by hand and in fact I had to do so for several pieces in order to get things to fit together properly . Also the `` Shelf Adjustablity
 I just received this product today and was extremely disappointed . Not only is it not the same item as pictured online -LRB- there are a few small holes in the drip pan rather than a fine grate as shown -RRB- , but it is also Made in China , not in the USA as the product description states . I ordered this low-fat meatloaf pan specifically because it claimed the country of manufacture was America . I 'd prefer not to have toxic chemicals leaching into my body when I cook , thanks . Needless to say , I will be returning this product promptly .
 Unfortunately , most of the holes in the top pan are blocked by the meatloaf and ca n't drain at all , and there is n't much of a gap at the ends between it and the bottom pan for grease to drain that way , so it clogs easily and builds up . I usually pull out the pan halfway through cooking , clear away the built up material , and put it back in.Another pan I had from a different manufacturer with a slightly different design had the same problems , however , so it seems they all suffer from this.The top pan is also a pain to clean because meat gets trapped in the holes .
 When we ordered this canner a few weeks ago , the picture clearly showed side handles . It also was being sold directly by Amazon.com instead of by a Marketplace vendor.When we received the canner , we were disappointed to discover that there were no side handles ... despite the picture on the label to the contrary . Apparently , Columbian Home Products/Granite Ware changed the design on this size canner to include a wide flange completely around the pot.The wide flange would have been OK had it not had some sharp/rough edges on the underneath side . Since we were concerned that we might cut our fingers while carrying the pot full of water from the sink to the stove , we returned the pot . Amazon.com did make it easy for us to do so.The pictures for this product on the Amazon.com website are inconsistent . Some show the side handles while some do not . Frustrating.Note that side handles are available on the 21 quart size canner . Unfortunately , that size only holds 7 quart jars while the 33 quart size will hold 9 quart jars .
 The pot I received was packed without any cushioning material whatsoever , so the fragile porcelain covering was chipped in several places and now obviously rusting after only a couple uses . When I pick the pot up , it feels flimsy -LRB- I weighed it at six pounds empty -RRB- , and it feels like it is going to cut my fingers with its sharp edges . Despite all that , I am going to keep the pot , because I can can 9 quarts at a time with it for a while until it completely rusts through .
 This canning put is too big for my stove and wo n't even fit in my sink , so filling it with water is a hassle . The bottom diameter is 151/2 inches and it 's 10 inches high . This is too big , and I should have bought a slightly smaller item . And having no handles is a GOOD thing for this model . When full of water it would be too heavy , and the handles would likely break off .
 This is crap ! It leaks . The black inside part comes right out . I will never buy another mug like this again .
 the cup was everything the add said it was and the green bay logo is great . i enjoy the cup very much and would buy another one if needed
 I ordered this clock on the 21st of Dec , prior to Christmas , and paid for 3 day shipping . The ad said order by this date to get your product before Christmas . Well , when I got my confirmation email it said `` Shipping Method
 I just bought the 5 tray unit and you 're to get a free composter fork tool . Well , you get nothing free because they add $ 4.95 extra on the shipping for it . I ordered this unit sans fork because I ca n't stand cheesy slimy marketing strategies . The composter looks alright so I 'll comment more when I get it .
 I ordered this set on dec 20 , 2004 . I still have not recieved the items as of Aug 9th , 2005 . Amazon says product is back ordered every month . The vendor just does n't want to honor its sales price from last christmas . Do not order from this company !!
 Ordered one of these units . Worked ok for a very short period of time . Sent back for a replacement , 2nd unit not working right out of the box .
 These cartridges were extremely dull and felt like they were going to rip my face off when I used them . Do not buy from HJP .
 I purchased many times this product , but this last time The product that I purchased was failed !!! All the blades were not sharped . It was unnable to use !! It was impossible to shave off ! . Please next time can you check that !????? Is not serious send products in that situation . I will really appreciate your request .
 feels like an old blade , catches and is not smooth , had to throw them out . Nothing wrong with the seller .
 The blades received were not as advertised . Had to return and rfeceived a full refund .
 Bought 16 through an Amazon reseller -LRB- not this one -RRB- and got counterfeits . Before you buy , Google ` counterfeit gillette fusion power blades ' and look closely at the photo comparisons of counterfeit vs real Fusion blades .
 Blades were all dull and made loud vibrating noise when the razor was turned on . These are either defective blades intercepted on the way to the dumpster or fakes . Either way , they are useless junk . Went and bought another box at the local pharmacy for their inflated price . They worked night and day better than the blades I bought from these guys . Thanks a lot jerks .
 These blades are not made by Gillette . They looked like they were , but the blades were dull and they did not have serial numbers on them .
 Both packs of razors were open along the back seal , from corner to an opposite corner , allowing the razors to be slid out of one half of the back of the plastic box . I replaced a razor that I have used for over six weeks with one of the new ones . The new razor practically pulled all the hairs out of my face it was so dull . I tried two more from different cartridge packs and boxes . Same thing . I put my six week old razor back on my handle and it felt as smooth as can be against my face . I have used Fusion razors since they have come out and they are wonderful but trying to shave with these specific razors -LRB- first time purchasing them online -RRB- was painful and intolerable . I am asking for my money back .
 The price is compelling , but not if I knew the blades I was buying were knock off Gillette Razorblades . They look exactly like the real thing , but you 'll easily distinguish they are not the real thing once you shave with them . I bought the same Gillette blades from a CVS so I could do a sanity check to see if I was wrong , and I was not wrong . This place sells knock off Razorblades .
 Gillette Fusion Power Razor Refill Cartridges , 16 CartridgesI ordered for new cartridges but got cheap used stuff .
 If you use these , buy a small quantity at 1st and give them a try . I made the mistake of buying 2 of the 16 packages . They do n't seem to be the same as the local store bought . These feel like your pulling each hair out with tweezers but many at a time.Don ' t know if there counterfeit or what but I stopped using them.I went back to the green ones . The Gillette M3Power .
 These were a waste of money . The blades are dull and tear your hairs out .
 I 've purchased blades through Amazon successfully in the past from their vendor `` Bargain OTC '' ; however , this time I ordered from a different vendor , `` save a lot '' , because of the low price and the blades are all dull .
 For such a little fan it sure makes a ton of noise . The power is inconsistent and will start blowing harder and then softer for no reason . It rattles like a car engine . I would not recommend it for anyone . I think it was a waste of money . If I still had the box I would return it .
 This small fan is quite powerful but extremely loud . As far as moving air , it 's great . But , it 's sound is distracting even on the lowest of four speeds and on high it dominates the room . Also , the remote should include the oscillate function . Had I been aware of the loudness of the unit I would have looked for a quieter fan .
 I purchased this fan for my mothers room at the nursing home , but after two days the fan started making noise and would only work at low speed . Nursing room personnel told me I could not leave this fan there for possible electrical hazard .
 Do n't buy this fan , unless you can put up with noise it will make on high speed . Also , if it has green lights -LRB- like my blizzard fan did -RRB- , it will light up a dark room at night . Also , you will see the fan shadow on your ceiling . Low speed is quiet enough for sleeping , but high will disturb you . The angle tilt adjustments are not precise , and are difficult to do . There are better choices .
 I ORDERED THIS FAN 3 YEARS AGO FROM AMAZON . I LOVED IT SO WHEN IT BROKE I ORDERED ANOTHER ONE . THIS TIME IT WAS SOLD BY POLSTEINS HOME & BEYOND . WHAT I RECEIVED WAS A USED BROKEN FAN AND NOT THE ONE I ORDERED . IT WAS JUST THROWN IN THE BOX LIKE A PIECE OF GARBAGE . AFTER SEVERAL PHONE CALLS TO HOME AND BEYOND , THEY FINALLY SENT ME A RETURN LABEL AND I WAS REFUNDED THE FULL AMOUNT . I WILL NEVER ORDER FROM THAT COMPANY AGAIN . I ORDERED THE FAN DIRECTLY FROM HOLMES , WHICH ARRIVED BRAND NEW IN THE BOX , WHICH IS WHAT I SHOULD HAVE DONE IN THE FIRST PLACE . I AM SURPRISED THAT AMAZON DOES N'T CHECK OUT THE COMPANIES THAT THEY ARE REPRESENTING MORE CAREFULLY .
 These tins have loose fitting lids , definitely not airtight for spices , and could not be used magnetically because the lids will fall off . If you are actually looking for spice tins , do n't waste your money . These are garbage .
 If you were thinking of storing 4 ounces of spices , or tea , or anything solid in these tins , you will find them way too small.it turns out that the tins will store 4 ounces of water , but less than 2 ounces of any spice , or tea , etc. I ended up sending them back .
 I just returned my second Cuisinart DCG-12BC Coffee Grinder , there will not be a third one . Both of the grinders lasted less than 6 uses . Each time the grinder failed I was almost done grinding . I did not take time to disassemble the unit but my assumption is that they have a faulty thermal limiter
 The size is great . Loved how it matched my coffee maker ... looked great sitting beside it . But with only 10 months use , it stopped working without any warning . My guess is that I used it probably once every three weeks which equals approximately 12-14 total uses . Very disappointed especially since I always felt that Cuisinart was a top of-the-line name . As a result , I will probably think twice or never purchase another Cuisinart product .
 It only gets one star because Amazon wo n't let me give it a zero . Used it a handful of times and it worked well - then took it out to use again after 4-6 weeks and that was it ... . no steam , just a grinding noise noise when you pushed the button . I 've been trying to get it to work for a few days but nothing . A piece of junk , do n't waste your money .
 . . To be honest . i wanted to get a strong steamer and have been looking around to buy one.After researching and comparing i decided to go with this one - what a waste of money and time.Though it clearly says the power is high 1300/1500 was it?i dont remember ; it dosent get the job done.it puffs and huffs , alot of steam seem to come out,yet-hardly nothing change in the process ; if u were looking to clean , strighten , etc with the prudcut , it doesnt happen.i think the hole of which the steams come out is too small , or maybe the heating device is not strong enough ? Either way , Do urself a favore and just DONT BUY ! : -RRB-
 I ordered this to steam my suits . It comes with a bunch of attachments and no instructions on what they 're for , but none of them are good for steaming wrinkles out of clothes . Some of them look like they 'd make good torture devices , or take the paint off your car if you wanted . It actually added wrinkles to one suit so I had to dry clean it . Overall , it kicks out a lot of steam and heat , but frankly I 'm not sure what the hell you could use it for . It certainly should not be used on clothes .
 I just received my second box of floral-patterned sheets after returning the first . How dare they substitute floral for solid . I bought these to go with a pattern that I DO like , and purple flowers do n't go with the duvet cover I already had . Now the website has updated the pictures so it looks like we buyers are the fools , but we were scammed . At least Amazon has n't charged us for the shipping .
 These sheets came not just in yellow -LRB- solid color -RRB- like I thought from the description but yellow with big purple lilacs on them . They are ugly but soft . Poor description , misleading .
 These sheets seemed quite thin compared to other flannel sheets and had many visible imperfections . There were small white spots and places where a thread had come loose and balled up . All in all , I would not buy them again . I almost never use them , choosing instead to use the much better Wamsutta flannel sheets that I bought for the same price -LRB- $ 10 -RRB- .
 I chose these sheets for two reasons - they appeared to be soft and warm like any good flannel should be -LRB- they are -RRB- , and the were not fussy plaid or floral or gingham like some flannel sheets are . I do not like fussy floral patterns . I AVOID ever purchasing an item with such a pattern . So imagine my surprise when I opened the box from Amazon today to reveal yellow flannel sheets covered in an awful lilac and vine pattern ! I would never have bought these sheets if I had known that the item shipped would be different from the item pictured.They ARE soft and snuggly and warm , so if you LIKE floral sheets , they 're fine . I just do n't , and I 'm extremely disappointed.UPDATE - The photo now reflects the actual pattern on the sheets .
 I thought I was ordering solid yellow sheets and got something with grapes on it . Sent it back . Just opened my new box - it has grapes - but at least the background is yellow . I see they have corrected the picture though . Very strange , this has never happened with Amazon before . Off to check to see if it at least matches current yellow-pattern comforter .
 I ordered these yellow sheets twice and twice I got yellow sheets with large purple flowers , which I did not want . Gave up and ordered white and green which were just fine .
 This must be an error on the Amazon website because the same thing happened to me that happened to the other customer who wrote a review - lilac and vine sheets arrived with the same information as the solid yellow . Apparently the same product , but with the wrong description online ! These are FLORAL sheets !
 I 'm someone who likes to feel their sheets before they buy them , so I was a little hesitant to purchase online . I bought these based solely on the `` Waverly '' brand . I assumed they would be a mid-to-high quality flannel sheet because of the brand . I was wrong . The sheets are very thin and not very soft . I would not purchase these again .
 This is a beautiful Burton & Burton teapot made in China and very inexpensive , but I have a major concern . After reading reviews about the possibility of LEAD in some teaware made in China , I purchased LeadCheck on amazon.com and tried it out . I tested this teapot four times with LeadCheck , and it gave POSITIVE results for lead each time . I tested LeadCheck several times on another mug made in China by Westfields also sold by Treasured Designs , and the results were consistently negative . I have asked Treasured Designs to test this Burton & Burton teapot for lead using an authoritative source , since all I was able to use was a home lead check test.It is unsafe to use products made with lead for eating and drinking , so I thought I would pass this on . Hopefully , Treasured Designs will check into this and provide an authoritative response for this concern .
 These sheets seemed quite thin compared to other flannel sheets and had many visible imperfections . There were small white spots and places where a thread had come loose and balled up . All in all , I would not buy them again . I almost never use them , choosing instead to use the much better Wamsutta flannel sheets that I bought for the same price -LRB- $ 10 -RRB- .
 I just received my second box of floral-patterned sheets after returning the first . How dare they substitute floral for solid . I bought these to go with a pattern that I DO like , and purple flowers do n't go with the duvet cover I already had . Now the website has updated the pictures so it looks like we buyers are the fools , but we were scammed . At least Amazon has n't charged us for the shipping .
 These sheets came not just in yellow -LRB- solid color -RRB- like I thought from the description but yellow with big purple lilacs on them . They are ugly but soft . Poor description , misleading .
 I chose these sheets for two reasons - they appeared to be soft and warm like any good flannel should be -LRB- they are -RRB- , and the were not fussy plaid or floral or gingham like some flannel sheets are . I do not like fussy floral patterns . I AVOID ever purchasing an item with such a pattern . So imagine my surprise when I opened the box from Amazon today to reveal yellow flannel sheets covered in an awful lilac and vine pattern ! I would never have bought these sheets if I had known that the item shipped would be different from the item pictured.They ARE soft and snuggly and warm , so if you LIKE floral sheets , they 're fine . I just do n't , and I 'm extremely disappointed.UPDATE - The photo now reflects the actual pattern on the sheets .
 I thought I was ordering solid yellow sheets and got something with grapes on it . Sent it back . Just opened my new box - it has grapes - but at least the background is yellow . I see they have corrected the picture though . Very strange , this has never happened with Amazon before . Off to check to see if it at least matches current yellow-pattern comforter .
 I ordered these yellow sheets twice and twice I got yellow sheets with large purple flowers , which I did not want . Gave up and ordered white and green which were just fine .
 This must be an error on the Amazon website because the same thing happened to me that happened to the other customer who wrote a review - lilac and vine sheets arrived with the same information as the solid yellow . Apparently the same product , but with the wrong description online ! These are FLORAL sheets !
 I 'm someone who likes to feel their sheets before they buy them , so I was a little hesitant to purchase online . I bought these based solely on the `` Waverly '' brand . I assumed they would be a mid-to-high quality flannel sheet because of the brand . I was wrong . The sheets are very thin and not very soft . I would not purchase these again .
 I purchased this on clearance for $ 25 . It 's definitely not worth it . Very cheaply made , and I must have bought a lemon . After melting the chocolate , adding even more than required oil , it would not flow at all . Thankfully I tried it out before the party date . Plenty of time to return it to the store .
 Was not impressed at all . Bought the fondue chocolate at Williams Sonoma . Followed the instructions to the letter . Chocolate never did flow . Very messy to clean . Would not buy this product in the future
 We bought this soft serve ice cream/frozen yogurt maker for my cousin for her birthday , and When we tried it the first time we thought maybe we just put too much liquid in the first time , so we tried a different recipe . That one also did not freeze . It does not seem to get cold enough for ice cream . But instead you get to eat some ice cream soup . Personally I like ice cream soup at the end of my ice cream -LRB- reminds me of childhood sitting at the table with my brother and us stiring our ice cream till it was soup -RRB- , but do not like to start with it . I would definitely not buy this product ever again . In fact we are planning on sending it back .
 Well , I found this at a thrift store for about $ 9 so I do n't have any hard feelings about it not working that well . I also made some really great ice cream with it though not quite as easily as it advertises . I found that after following all the directions I had to pour out the ice cream soup into another container and refreeze it . Then , after it hardened up enough it was great , albeit not soft serve . Sadly the freezer container fell out of the freezer and craked and all the chemical inside melted out while I mixed the last batch . At the prices they want for a new one I would n't recommend it at all . But I would n't hesitate to buy another for $ 9 !
 I bought this same unit at Sears . Put it in my office which is about 250 sq ft and left it on for a few hours . The door was closed and when I went in , it was warm and humid in there . The only place it was cool was right in front of the vents . Could not be less satisfied . I am returning it tomorrow . Last AC I had in office was a window unit that kept the room freezing right up until it konked out last year . Is this portable stuff even worthwhile ?
 I should have known better , because portable air conditioners have such a bad reputation ... but I needed to use one thanks to an odd -LRB- and unchangable -RRB- window configuration . So I trusted that Sears -LRB- which sells this model for $ 499 -RRB- would n't steer me wrong . Shame on me . I should have paid attention to the Consumer Reports reviews -- and now you should pay attention to mind
 I too purchased this portable air conditioner from Sears today -LRB- the Sears-Specific model number is `` ARP-1000ES '' -RRB- ... and I too am bringing it back first thing tomorrow . I consider this the worst appliance purchase I 've ever made . And , with Sears ' 15 % restocking fee , a costly one at that.When we set the unit up in our living room today , the built-in digital room temp monitor showed 88 degrees . After running this thing at full throttle for five hours , the room temp monitor showed ... 88 degrees . Even standing directly in front of the unit gave little relief.When it became clear that we would have better luck cooling the living room by opening the windows and waiting for an evening breeze , I rolled the unit into a small bedroom and cranked it . In a small 10 by 12 room , it took three hours -LRB- and who knows how much energy -RRB- to bring the temp down from 88 to 80 degrees.Although the brand name `` Royal Sovereign '' is now mud to me , I think , speaking from today 's experience , the problem lies not just in the suckiness of this particular product but also in the mechanics of portable air conditioners in general . Whereas a window unit forces cold air INTO a room , a portable air conditioner such as this model blows a considerable amount of exhaust air OUT of a room -LRB- through the required window vent -RRB- . This , in effect , creates negative pressure in the room you are trying to cool ... and all the hot air in other parts of your house get sucked into the room and cancel out all the work the unit is doing in the first place . This became clear to me as I stood in the bedroom and noticed that a forceful stream of hot air from the hall was being sucked into the room through the gap between the closed door and the hardwood floor.As appealing as a portable a/c unit is in theory , I just do n't think they work all that well in reality . Too bad , as I had dreams of rolling this puppy from room to room and stashing it in a closet once the weather cooled . Instead , tonight I 'll be having nightmares of hauling this ineffectual behemoth back down a flight of stairs for its return trip to Sears .
 I bought one of these at SEARS also , this thing could not cool a PHONE BOOTH ! Had it in my 13 ` x16 ' living room , on high setting , for 3 hours , and it lowered the temperature 2 degrees ! Save your money , buy a fan and put a bowl of ice in front of it , that will work better ... Also SEARS has a nifty little scam going with their 30 % restocking fee , they should be ashamed of themselves ... since I paid $ -LSB- ... -RSB- then my fee for learning the hard way is going to be -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 My unit is not defective , but it just ca n't cool the room . It 's also very noisy , with only two speed settings . This is why the likes of Panasonic do n't make mobile A/C 's .
 When the box arrived it was slightly dinged , but this was the outer box & not the manufacturers popcorn popper box - given this , my husband & I remained optimistic . We became more concerned as the inner box -LRB- manufacturer 's -RRB- box began falling completely apart as we removed the outer box , but we had no choice but to push forward . It appeared the popper itself was in good/new condition . The assembly instructions were fairly straightforward and would have taken an hour or less IF the box included all the screws bolts - but it did n't . Though I 'm a prime customer & shipping & returns work fairly well for me , we were going to have a beast of a time getting a box plus someone back over to help us get this popcorn maker that weighs well over 150 lbs & is odd to lift overall back downstairs . So my husband found the few lower -LRB- cart related -RRB- screws/bolts & we finally got it together . Washed it out , my husband , the popcorn/movie fanatic he is is drooling to get this thing going in our media room . The warming light turns on , the kettle plugged in - but not getting warm after a second or two we also realize the dial that spins around the bottom of the kettle to keep it moving/prevent burning is not moving either . We fully assembled a dud . We have no box to return said dud in , but I 'm confident in Amazon 's shipping/return policy -LRB- the seller both cases is Amazon -RRB- . Within two days Amazon ships me a new popcorn maker -LRB- I had told them that I was planning/needed to use the new popcorn maker 's box to return the old - of course , no problem the say -RRB- . Today my new popcorn maker arrived , unfortunately FedEx did a drop and run at my door because I would have never accepted this . It 's clear that FedEx -LRB- like UPS before them -RRB- did not heed the over 70 lb warnings on the box & use a dolly . Also this time around Amazon decided just the manufacturers box was good enough for shipping -LRB- no outer box for better protection -RRB- . There are dents , rips and holes -LRB- some holes much larger than a human head -RRB- all over this box . The product is fully exposed & you can see multiple scratch & dents . Amazon will send UPS to come pick-up that box somehow , but I am now left with the task of finding a box large enough , but not too large to get the first popcorn maker returned so i can get this charged removed from my card . My husband & I now remain convinced , the first popcorn maker we received was in fact someone else 's return - based on some of these reviews that i wish i 'd read more carefully , maybe one someone farmed for parts . I would not buy this terrible popcorn maker from Amazon , they will no doubt rip you off
 While a nice decoration , the internal motor and light housing arrived completely in pieces . I should have been worried when I saw the big orange insert warning to call the company and not to return the product if any pieces are missing or damaged . They clearly expect the problems with the quality control they apparently skipped . Do not buy !
 I bought the 8oz Trolley w / Popper and Cart machine in late Nov. 2011 as a Christmas gift to our kids for our new home theatre . We started using the machine in early January and it never popped a full batch of popcorn . We followed all installation directions , used the popcorn recommended and even tried pre-heating the unit -- all to no avail . The unit will pop half the 8oz bag of popcorn and stop . We have emailed Great Northern multiple times , done what they suggested as a fix -LRB- did n't work -RRB- but they will not honor the warranty or give us a number to speak with a live person . I hope Amazon reads this and reacts accordingly . This machine has been a waste of money , time and energy in our home -LRB- and we tell everyone that comes to our theatre not to buy one -RRB- !!
 I ordered 6 supreme moo mixers . They did arrive before Christmas . I received 6 standard moo mixers that should have been priced lower . I notified the company of the error and did n't receive a response . Very disappointed . Shame on them . I 'm a victum of bait and switch ...
 I was super excited to be given this as a birthday gift and think it is an awesome invention however , aside from that it is pretty worthless . The first one worked great for about 2 weeks and then stopped . Exchanged it for another one and it worked for one good use and then after HAND WASHING it stopped . It seems impossible to not get water inside the battery section .
 We have had these now for a couple of months and they are already breaking . I did n't listen to all those reviewers who called these a piece of crap - and I should of . I bought 2 and the one has some kind of leak so milk leaked down into the NON waterproof battery compartment -LRB- seriously - see that nice black ring on the bottom - THAT 's the battery comparement -RRB- . It 's a cute novel idea but a total hunk of junk . SUPER disappointed .
 My daughter loves her chocolate milk . worked ok . Broke after 2nd use . very disapointing.I guess nothing beats a good old spoon .
 it does n't mix anything . the bottom broke off after 4 uses . it started leaking after 5 uses . it was a total waste of money .
 I bought the Supreme Moo Mixer for my 6-yr old grandson , and he absolutely loved it . His father -LRB- my son -RRB- thought it was great too and asked why I did n't get him something like that when he was a boy . It was great while it lasted , but sadly , that was n't long . About a week after we started using it , the mixer stopped working . We changed the batteries and cleaned it , but it would n't start again . It is very disappointing to have such a product fail because of poor workmanship .
 This is a toy . Flimsey . Does n't have much mix muscle . Only for kids mixing chocolate powder or syrup . Just like the description says . Do n't expect it to do anything else . Might be cute for half the price .
 Bought 3 of these for my kids for the holidays , and everyone loved them . Then one week later 2 of them broke . One started leaking and one just stopped working . 3 weeks later the last one broke . A total shame that these could not be made with an ounce of quality to even last a year .
 This new style is no improvement . The old one was much better . The button is too low and my hand position is always setting it off accidently which has caused a few spills and splatters . Also the gasket or seal in the bottom is loose and allows the drink to leak into the bottom of the cup holder part . Wo n't buy anymore .
 I bought this for my six year old for Christmas . Fun idea , bit spinner at the bottom broke within the first week .
 I bought one of these for each of my chocolate milk-loving daughters for Christmas . They used them for each of their meals that day and again the next . The next time we went to use them , neither one worked . Changed the batteries in both thinking that was the problem . Nope ... still did n't work . Not worth the money or your child 's disappointment .
 I bought these for my teenage daughters for Christmas . While they are cute they are a recipie for disaster ! The plastic cup is tricky to get a seal . Our Christmas day consisted of steam cleaning the living room floor because it came loose while she was taking a drink . The handle was coming apart on one and the wires where sticking out .
 I love this idea and it works well for my coffee at beginning . However it broken now because of the leaking problem . I am pretty carefully when wash this cup but when I open the bottom for battery housing , you can not image how bad smell it was there and I throw it away .
 Ordered about 2 months ago ... already stopped working . I was sure to be careful while hand washing this cup but water still made its way to the battery housing . Everything rusted . Such a poorly made product .
 I got the wrong mug trying new battry wier fell into the mug one STAR FOR THE MUG PATTERN . i buy a plain Tornodo 1995 lost in Katrina was so good .
 We bought two different moo mixers and both of them broke after about 2 weeks . We loved it when it worked , but disappointed at the quality .
 This is flimsy and not nearly as nice as it looks . It holds no bigger than a cup of milk . It does n't detach from the handle like a to go cup . I would not recommend this unless you want to waste your money , which is what I did .
 My sister bought it in the US -LRB- we live in Brasil -RRB- . It worked just once . Now , because of the distance , we ca n't return it .
 I purchased this mixer after owning the smaller one for many years -LRB- the plastic cup eventually cracked -RRB- . This one is a POJ -LRB- piece of junk -RRB- . We used it 3 times . It leaks terribly into the motorized area . There is no way to prevent the leaking as it goes through the cup where the milk is placed - right into the motor . We diligently cleaned and dried the cup and motorized area each time it was used , but it 's dead now and we wasted $ 15 . Again - DO NOT BUY THIS !
 Broke after 2 uses . I guess I should have heeded the other negative reviews and never wasted my money on this . It was a gift for my daughter so she could make her own chocolate milk and I could look forward to less mess . Worked great the 2 times we used it , and then motor stopped working .
 I purchased two moo mixers . With one of the cups the motor only lasted one use . I called to exchange it . I spoke to Stan the owner of `` Gadgets And Gizmos '' where I purchased them from . He was not nice or helpful at all . I was not happy and only wanted a cup that would last . My children love chocolate milk and when I saw this I thought this would be a great item for them . The owner of the company was rude and did not exchange the item . He sounded like he knew the motor would not last long , but one time is not long at all . I think this product is a waist of money . Hope this helps you .
 It worked great for about 3 months before the gasket wore out it sprang a leak . I expect a product I purchase to last longer then 3 months so I 'd say I got ripped off !!!! Not recommended !!!!
 They are very fragile!Half of them arribed broken!The plastic is very thin.There are other alternatives of better quality .
 i canot give you a complete review at this time as i just used the sheets one night and they are in the laundry . they were very comfortable . my concern is when i wash them that the colors do not `` run '' . what i need to do is check that out in the sink , then i can complete my review . my only other concern is that the price for these sheets was so reasonable that the shipping charge was more than the sheets . $ 7.48 i think . sincerely , beverly movalli
 I was very disappointed with the quality of these sheets . They did wash ok for the first time , but they are very very thin and after 2 nights on my bed , I just had to take them off . I will use them for camping so I will not have to worry about them getting wrecked .
 I waited three months for these storage containers and was so excited to receive them yesterday -- that is until I opened the boxes . I lifted the first jar out of the box and it fell onto the floor , leaving the lid still firmly grasped in my hand . Removing the second one , I held onto the entire jar , then discovered it was also not the `` tight fit '' as had been written in the description . A couple of the lids do fit securely enough that when I lift them -LRB- empty , mind you , not even containing a morsel of anything other than the `` acrylic '' from which it is made -RRB- the lids remain on the jars . Not a good ratio , since I have 12 jars and am expecting a third box eventually . Additionally , the measurments are not as described . Actual sizes are 1.6 L -LRB- 1 -RRB- , .9 L -LRB- 1 -RRB- , .5 L -LRB- 2 -RRB- and .3 L -LRB- 2 -RRB- . I will use them for storing odds and ends .
 I drink about 150 bottles of wine per year . I 've been using `` screwpull '' style corkscrews like this one since the 1980 's . They are simple and easy to use.I paid more than I should have for this one , then the dern thing went and broke after only 50 bottles or so ! What 's up with that ? The metal screw separated from the plastic handle.Now I 'm using the Screwpull S1015-31 Table Corkscrew . After 150 bottles or so it works like it should with no signs of cracking or breaking.Edit -LRB- three years later -RRB- - still using my same Screwpull . Works like a charm . Works like new . I still do n't understand how a big outfit like Metrokane could have gotten wrong this simplest of cork pullers . I see that Screwpull has come up with a new version that has a red plastic ball at the top of the screw to make it easier to remove the cork from the auger . A solution to a non-existent problem . But maybe it will help them to sell a few more .
 I bought a set of these steak knives about 5 years ago , and boy do I regret it . The stamped blades dull quickly , do not sharpen well , and by this point are useless on any meat that is not fork-tender -LRB- and needs no knife any way -RRB- . My serrated table knives are better for cutting most meats than these . The bees have detached from 2 of the knives , leaving a very rough indentation that makes using them uncomfortable . I 've finally had it with these third-rate-masquerading-as-first knives and plan to replace them . Save your money -- do n't buy these !
 I ordered these knives as a gift for my husband who loves to BBQ and loves to cook steak . Several of the knives were dull right out of the package . The ones that were sharp are awesome ! I just wish all of them were like that .
 I bought two of these blankets . The white one gets white fuzz balls all over what ever it touches , in this case , my daughter 's hot pink Nautica comforter and the navy one , completely covers my son 's khaki Nautica comforter and everything else on his bed with dark blue lint and fuzz balls . I 've washed and dried them at least a dozen times now and each time the washer and the dryer still gets full , really full , of lint and fuzz . Every day I have to use a lint brush on the kid 's beds to get the balls off the sheets , throw pillows etc. . The lint and fuzz even gets on their pajamas . I 've gone through rolls and rolls of lint tape and I have to vacuum all around the beds every time I make them because the little balls roll around the wood floors . It 's been soooo frustrating and I expected more from Nautica . The navy is a perfect match for the rest of my son 's Nautica bedding and I have n't been able to find that nice dark navy color in another brand . I 'm throwing these out . I ca n't even give them away .
 I was pretty disappointed . It 's not funny , it 's not even that its-so-lame-its-funny kind of funny , most of the history notes to celebrate are so retardedly lame that I read them once and gave away the poster to the first person I saw , and they destroyed it . I only wish I could remember an example so you do n't waste your money out of curiosity - DO N'T !!
 I got lured in by the name and the promise of sharp edges and corners . The corners are rounded ! I will be returning this and getting Magic Line . They should change the description . I am sure if I was making a meatloaf instead of a cake it would is ok . I can go to Walmart and spend 1/8 of the money for a meatloaf pan .
 I 've used Parrish line pans in the past , but decided to give these pans a try after reading some of the good reviews . What a mistake ! I 'd give this 0 stars if I could . First of all , I was a little wary when taking them out of the box , as they appeared very thin and was even bent a little just from shipping . Also , the pan is advertised to have straight sides and sharp corners to allow for sharp edges , but the corners are not sharp at all -LRB- I bought these to make a 4 layer , tiered cake -RRB- . But , I needed the pans for the following weekend , so I decided to give them a chance . This was by far my worst baking experience ever . The cakes stuck so bad , I ended up having to use a spatula to remove the remaining pieces of cake and then stick them back together with icing . Also , they did not cook evenly and the middles were still undercooked , even though the edges were done . I used the same oven I always do with the same cake recipes and the same cooling racks . I also made two other cakes that day -LRB- in different pans -RRB- that turned out just like they always do -LRB- perfect -RRB- . In summary , the only variables wer the fat daddio pans , which I absolutely will not use again . Disposable pans would have worked better than these did .
 When I got this pan it was just packed with some brown paper ... so not surprisingly it was bent ... I would n't order a pan this big again from online but I did order this brand in other sizes and they were very nice ... these versus the Wilton ones I would def . Get these again ... I did have to return this pan though . . I got for 8 inch ones and just put them together for a 16 x16
 I ordered the 12x12x2 square pans . I was disappointed to find that the corners were rounded off . I returned these immediately and purchased the Magic Line brand . They were a little more expensive , but I think the Magic Line are much better quality if you want to bake a nice , square cake .
 Never got the chance to use the pan . Description said dishwasher safe . I always clean new items in dishwasher B/4 first use . However , after the first wash , I removed it and was shocked to see that it looked like it had been in a fire . Blotches all over . I then washed it again by hand and when drying it , black came off on my drying towel and my finger when I rubbed it across the inside bottom . This concerned me as a health issue that the same black stuff would come off in food . I returned to Amazon who so graciously issued me a return label and immediate credit . I have been an Amazon customer for over a decade and they are real champions with excellent customer satisfaction.Needless to say , I will not be purchasing any of Fat Daddio 's products and do not recommend them .
 THE BAGS ARE POOR QUALITY . WHEN RETURNED FOR CREDIT THE REFUND WAS ABOUT 1/2 OF WHAT I PAID FOR THE BAGS . IF I KNEW HOW MUCH REFUND I WOULD HAVE GOTTEN I WOULD HAVE DISCARDED THEM IN THE TRASH AND SAFE THE HASSLE OF RETURNING THEM .
 these rolls are thinner than saran wrap and stick to the burner not to mention on side of the `` bag '' was not sealed so I had to burn 3 sides just to make a bag !
 I went to use these very , very thin bags hoping for some sort of strength when the side of the bag which was suppose to be sealed just came apart . If you want a very flimsy piece of plastic on a roll that holds nothing ... then this is the way to go , otherwise it 's not even worth the hassle to ship back .
 I purchased these because they were recommended to be used with my deni food sealer . they are nothing but expensive saran wrap . do not waste your time with these . the food sealer works great , but it needs a textured bag . rival bags will work , food saver bags will work , go to ebay or sams and buy bags , but do not buy these .
 These bags will NOT work with the Food Saver Bag sealer machine . They are paper thin and when i tried to put a steak in the bag it ripped down the side , I tried it three times and went to Sam 's Club and bought a pack of food saver bags foe $ 39.95 . They work great and are a lot thicker than the Deni bags and will protect against freezer burn . When I need more I 'll be going to Sam 's .
 I am totally disgusted with this item !! They are misrepresented as vacuum sealer bags . They are not satisfactory for even garbage!DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 What a waste of money!Extremely flimsy plastic that has to be sealed on three sides . Very difficult to seal if you want to use a long length . Vacuum sealing performance VERY POOR . I was unable to use any of the bags that I tried to make and began to think my Deni machine was at fault . However , I immediately tried to vacuum seal using a Foodsaver bag and it worked perfectly.Unfortunately I can not return these rolls since I opened one . I am particularly disappointed because I shop frequently on Amazon and have never before had to write a bad review on any of my purchases . This product does not even deserve the one star I had to give .
 I bought these for use with a Deni vacuum sealer . They are very low quality and thickness compared to what came with the machine . In addition , they are so flimsy , the vacuum will not take as the plastic layers close up . Also the non adjustable setting on seal time , melts the plastic to the heat strip . What a waste of money and time !
 I 'd hoped I could use these bags as an inexpensive substitute for the Foodsaver brand vacuum sealer , but they are very thin and weak . They are not textured , they do n't draw a vacuum at all and they are open on one side.Why did the staff reviewer write positive things about them ? Did she even look at the product ?
 The Deni replacement rolls are VERY difficult to open . I spent the better part of an hour trying to open them . I finally ended up using saran wrap . Something should be done about this !
 Bought six rolls of these to go with the Deni vacuum sealer . Each roll fell apart as soon as I unwrapped it . I can see how you are supposed to seal both of the narrow ends , but could they possibly expect you to seal the LONG ends as well ? I think not ... avoid these !
 Do n't ever do business with these people . I ordered a food vacuum sealer that was defective that I returned . I am now stuck with $ 28 worth of replacement bags which they refuse to refund me for . I ordered the sealer for a Christmas gift so the 30 day policy had expired by the time we discovered it was faulty . How was I supposed to know that it was defective until Christmas morning . Never again will I buy anything from them . I had no idea that replacement bags had expiration dates !!
 This product is crap . Its thin plastic open on three sides . It is a hassle to try and make storage bags with . Bite the bullet and stick with Foodsaver brand . Not worth the hassle of trying to find less expensive plastic rolls .
 First , I rarely write reviews . Second , I gave this 1 star only because I am unable to give it zero stars.This is ultra thin plastic . My food saver does not seal it , it burns right through the plastic ! I 'm lucky this did n't damage my Food Saver . Even if this was n't the case , the roll is only folded . . You would have to seal it on three sides . This is the worst product . That 's what I get for trying to save a few bucks . Pay more and buy FOODSAVER rolls they are excellent quality . This product is absolutely worthless . It should not be sold at all .
 OK , where do I start ? First , these are not really made for vacuum sealing , in my view ; they are thin , and not strong criss-crossed -LSB- on back -RSB- like others I have used . Also , to my amazement , they are not ` tubes ' , meaning they require three -LSB- 3 -RSB- sealings for EACH bag you do -- yeah , three ! Ca n't recommend ... update :12 / 2012Note that I was using a Foodsaver brand sealer -- may work great for a Deni , but still -- not a flattened tube of plastic as i anticipated -LRB- see above -RRB-
 The Deni 1640 Freshlock replacement roll material is too light to push the sensor in the Food Saver that activates it .
 Do n't buy they are really cheaply made hey are very thin and weak . was really disappointed how thin and bad very flimsy piece of plastic on a roll that holds nothing.use it put the food in and sealed both side pick it up and half across the room to put it up the food fall out the bottom that had be sealed .
 I recently bought five rolls of the Deni 1640 11in X 33ft vacuum bags . I 'm not sure what kind of machine you are supposed to use these in , if any . First , I tried the full cycle seal selection , it completely melted the bag . I then tried to seal it for 2 seconds , it still melted . I totaly threw away $ 59.90 . It looks as the price was to good to be true .
 This plastic was TOO thin to seal . When I called the company they said I could n't get a refund because the package was opened/used ... DUH ... how would a person know it was basically defective ... I threw it away
 The Deni vacuum rolls description said would work in most machines . The rolls are very thin plastic and if your machine does not have a low heat switch it will burn the plastic and it will not seal . Amazon let me send the product back and credited my account . I bought vacuum rolls at SAMS for the same price and they are fantastic .
 These are not bags . They are rolls of folded plastic that have to be sealed on three sides . The Deni Vacuum Sealer designed to use these rolls has a hose that slips inside the bag and does a poor job of removing the air . Do n't even consider these for your Foodsaver .
 This product is marketed as vacuum sealer rolls but they wo n't work in Foodsaver sealers so I had to return them . This fact should be explicitly stated in their marketing .
 This product will not work with home vacuum sealers that use a textured bag . This is a thin plastic sheet on a roll . You have to cut , fold and seal the sides of the plastic sheet .
 Bought these in addition to the Deni 1940 . It came w/premade bags . They work great . These are a pain . They have to be cut . Only 1 side is sealed . When used in the 1940 , all of the air does not get sucked out . Wish I would have never bought them !!
 I bought these to go with my Deni sealer . Do n't buy these ! They are so thin I ca n't get them to seal . And you have to use the sealer three times , as it has 3 open sides , not just two . It is hard enough to get two sides sealed , but then you have a third side which is not necessary . I bought these too long ago to return them , but trust me , I am writing the company to tell them about their horrible product ! In fact , I do n't even like the Demi sealer I got , as I had high hopes , but since that 's a different category , I will not review that here .
 SAVE YOUR MONEY ! For me to write a bad review something has to really get under my skin and p _ _ _ me off quite a bit . I do n't let other peoples reviews influence me . These bag rolls were advertised as SUPERIOR GRADE . SUPERIOR GRADE my Keister . Baggies are a lot thiker than these . The cutter on the machine wo n't cut the material and using scissors are n't much better . After several minutes I got somethng cut that somewhat resembled a bag . When I sealed the precut end , it stock to the heat sealer bar . Since I used the sample bags that came with the machine 1st and then was away for 4 weeks it was over 45 days -LRB- 55 -RRB- from the ship date I have to pay for the return shipping myself . I paid $ 11 for the roll of bags so I do n't want to much time on returning them . I do a lot of shopping on line every month but this incident may put Amazon on my black list for a few years . Save the fustration and buy higher quality bags at discount stores such as Walmart , K-Mart or Target . It may cost more a little more but but it 'll save the huge fustration factor.GB
 These rolls suck ! They are not even close to what I expected . Open on three sides , very thin , and will tear/puncture easily on rough edges of frozen foods in your freezer . If you are not aware of the existance of the `` DENI '' sealer , -LRB- like me -RRB- then you will be misled into thinking they will work in your `` Food Saver or Seal a Meal . Not so ! Do n't waste your time . If I could rate it 1/2 star I would .
 I was n't allowed to give this product 0 stars , so I grudgingly gave it 1 . I can say without a doubt that this is the cheesiest , most low quality junk I 've ever purchased . I thought I was getting an excellent deal with 3 rolls for under $ 10 , but you get what you pay for . This product will NOT WORK with a Foodsaver vac/sealer . I 've purchased other `` generic '' type brands and they worked fine . As for the comments that the rolls work with the machine they were intended for , why would you want such a low quality product with any machine ? You can tear the plastic with your fingers , it 's as flimsy as any plastic wrap . Never been so disappointed . I see that you ca n't return the rolls once you 've opened them , so I hope the meats and cheeses I managed to wrap -LRB- using scotch tape ! -RRB- do n't get freezer burn , as it did n't vacuum at all or seal very well .
 The bags were a great price , but after receiving them , one side of the bags were not sealed . I had to cut bags , seal the side , then tried to vacuum out the air and seal the bag . The bags would not work . When trying to vacuum out the air , nothing happened . I could seal the bags , but could not remove the air . I tried using 2 vacuuming machines to remove the air . No luck ! Do n't waste your money on these bags unless you just want to seal something and not remove the air . Poorly constructed and no quality assurance with these bags . Save your money and do n't purchase ...
 rolls were damaged during manufacture and should not have been sold.one end of each roll had been rubbed . ou could make a pouch if you wanted to seal three sides .
 Do not buy these bags ! They are so thin that you put your fingers through them before you can even start to seal something .
 I like the idea that the blinds hang on a standard curtain pole , so you do n't have to fuss around with mounting . However , the selection is slim , and I do n't think you can even find these anymore . I did order the natural/ivory color , but they are not lined and do n't keep out the light at night , when I want the bedroom to be DARK . I also have a pair in dark purple , which blocks the light better . I agree that you have to be very careful raising and lowering them , the mechanism is rather flimsy .
 I bought these shades for my family room because they were so much more attractive than the other shades I could find . I 've only had them up for about 6 months and they are falling to pieces . The cords run through flimsy plastic rings on the back of the shade . So far 4 of the rings have broken . I 've had to repair them by attaching safety pins to the back and running the cord through them . Also , one of the clasps holding the cord in place failed within the first couple of weeks -LRB- used a safety pin for that one too -RRB- . I 'm running out of safety pins and patience . I wish I had saved my money .
 Not really working , steam does not seem enough , or you have to point it very close to the dirty spot ; then you are worrying about burning or discoloring or shattering -LRB- if glass -RRB- .
 I tried this product a couple of times because no steam was coming out and I thought I was doing something wrong . After reading the one review I have to agree that you must hold this steamer so close to what you are cleaning that it is not worth the money or the amount of time it takes . I ca n't wait to return this !
 I 've used this item many times and it 's not really worth it . It will make good slices of about half of each clove , however , at the beginning of slicing a clove and at the end the garlic tends to get smashed and gummed up in the presser or in the blade . Also , it 's difficult to get down to the very end of a clove since the press does n't really allow you to press down completely to the blades . Finally , the metal part is small and poorly balanced making it difficult to use .
 In my opinion , do not waste your money on this particular item . First of all , this garlic slicer does not slide easily or evenly and I feel that there is a good chance of hurting your fingers . Secondly , it does not slice the garlic , it mangles it , as there is no blade and the metal opening that it has is not sharp . Thirdly , the bottom of the slicer slides on the counter when being used , as the base is plastic . I have since found a garlic slicer that has a blade and slices the garlic perfectly and does not slide on the counter when being used .
 A beautiful set by a quality maker `` Wallace '' , but unfortunately , this set is poorly made and will rust if allowed to sit in water . This defeats the purpose of it being stainless steel.Finally , `` Chadwick '' is a discontinued pattern by Wallace .
 I had an old thrift store pastry blender that I used for years until only half the blades were left . We tend to go through a batch of Master Mix a week in our home , so I needed another functional pastry blender . The only one I could find in the local stores was this Good Cook wire pastry blender . It functions , barely . It does ok on room temperature shortening , but bends all over the place when I try to use it on cold butter . The way the wires bend , I keep thinking they 're going to break , but they have n't yet . After a year though , it 's reached the point where I have to slice the butter a bit with a knife before taking the mangled wires to it in my mix . Also , the little tabs on the handle have started popping out at random times when I 'm mixing . They pop right back in without a problem , but it is a minor annoyance . Basically , the pastry blender is faster than working with just a couple knives , but it 's time to replace it with a better model .
 Broke after a half of dozen uses . The plastic that holds the metal broke in the corner and the metal wire came out . No way to reattach it .
 I was expecting a little bit more quality for this flatware set , but the plastic feeling of the handle was a little cheap.Also the packaging was very bad , the small wood blocks that holdthe knifes and forks got off , the box became totally useless .
 We purchased this darling chair for our 18-month old son . He loved it immediately , climbing into it and naming each of the animals on the chair . Since his room is done in the Malawi theme , this chair was a delightful addition . Sadly , he got just a smudge of dirt on it . When I tried to clean it by dabbing it with water -LRB- just dabbing ... not rubbing , as I had read others ' advice against rubbing -RRB- , the green color fabic faded badly right away . This was just with a dab of water ! So we returned the chair -LRB- amazon was great about this ! -RRB- and got a second one . The second one had a small rip in the arm upon delivery . So we have returned it and are awaiting a third chair . Hopefully the third time will be the charm , because this chair really is CUTE ! But if there 's something wrong with # 3 , then we will give up on the Malawi chair and buy something else . So sad .
 This chair is cute and is the perfect size . Unfortunately the fabric is very thin . The first chair we received had a small tear in the left arm . We decided to return it and get a replacement . The second chair had a tear in the fabric of the right arm . We e-mailed the customer service department and asked their opinion on wether to exchange or get a refund . They replied that the problem was more widespread than they originally thought an we should just get a refund . I guess we will look elsewhere .
 My son LOVED this chair . However as time went on , as CRAZY as it may seem , my toddler got some scuff marks on it . When I wiped it down , the color came RIGHT OFF ! Spend your money elsewhere , your child will enjoy a durable chair just the same .
 We recieved this as a gift , as it matched our sons nursery . As the months went by , my son loved to sit on the chair . With just the little interaction that any 1 year old would do , this chair has completly fallen appart , exposing the nails and is just completely out of its original shape . It now takes up space in the garbage dump.I feel that this chair should have lasted more than 8 months .
 I bought this set of flatware with black handles -LRB- same seller , etc. -RRB- to replace a set of VERY cheap black handled Chinese-made flatware that I have had for over 25 years . I can tell you that I ca n't have paid much for the Chinese stuff -LRB- like 50 cents a piece -RRB- , as I was broke back then . This `` Laguiole '' flatware seems to be made to exploit the Laguiole reputation , but without any of the traditional Laguiole qualities . The flatware is light , the steel is thin , the edges are milled carelessly -LRB- if at all ; they sure are n't smooth -RRB- , the fittings are not snug , and all this for nearly $ 200 . Dubost has sold out . Oh but yeah , there 's a wooden box to make up for it . What a disappointment . I am , in fact , a huge fan of Laguiole cutlery , knives , etc. , but I would swear this flatware was made in China . Except it is n't as good .
 I read the other reviews here that are less than 5 stars and if I can elaborate why the rating is so low - the Brand carries 2 levels of quality , the ones on www.amazon.com are the 1.5 mm thickness metal which is lighter and easily bent hence the lower price . IF YOU WANT the premium stuff order via www.amazon.fr or an independent retailer . If you are willing to pay DOUBLE this price you are then really geting the brand quality . The french site translates as follows : LAGUIOLE - HOUSEKEEPER FULL of 30 pcs - color BLACK - includes
 This set is very light weight with average quality feel . The box presentation was good . One fork was bent . Not something you can use on a daily basis .
 does n't actually hold the roll when you pull on it . go ahead and spend more for a better one .
 I bought two of these blankets . The white one gets white fuzz balls all over what ever it touches , in this case , my daughter 's hot pink Nautica comforter and the navy one , completely covers my son 's khaki Nautica comforter and everything else on his bed with dark blue lint and fuzz balls . I 've washed and dried them at least a dozen times now and each time the washer and the dryer still gets full , really full , of lint and fuzz . Every day I have to use a lint brush on the kid 's beds to get the balls off the sheets , throw pillows etc. . The lint and fuzz even gets on their pajamas . I 've gone through rolls and rolls of lint tape and I have to vacuum all around the beds every time I make them because the little balls roll around the wood floors . It 's been soooo frustrating and I expected more from Nautica . The navy is a perfect match for the rest of my son 's Nautica bedding and I have n't been able to find that nice dark navy color in another brand . I 'm throwing these out . I ca n't even give them away .
 While the photo album is adorable - there is much confusion about how many you are actually ordering and what color . Although it states 2 Each , you only receive one per order and you can not specify the color -LRB- pink or blue -RRB- -- so good luck in getting the right one .
 First of all , I would like to say that I really enjoyed the smell of the 007 . It 's lingering around the room , it can be a little heavy from time to time and make you feel drunk , because it has something like rum in it , but I generally like it.I must have made , though , the worst choice buying a Tocca candle . I have not read any reviews concerning how the Tocca candles burn , but this is the worst burning candle I have ever owned ! The wick burns down very quickly and the wax does n't have time to melt , so it creates a crater and after a while it burns out ! I had to dig first to bring some more wick to surface - only worked for a couple of minutes ! Then I had to melt the candle completely and remove a lot of wax -LRB- about 1/4 of the whole amount -RRB- and throw it away , so that the ratio wick : wax would be bigger . Complete disappointment!For such an expensive candle -LRB- $ 36 -RRB- I would expect so much more . It 's ridiculous that I had to waste almost one hour to make it work and throw away such a large amount of wax - economically speaking , this is $ 9 thrown to garbage !!! So , to come to a conclusion , I would never buy a Tocca candle again and I would n't recommend them to anyone . Choose something else instead !
 Got this candle after what seemed quite a long time for shipping , it has NO SCENT at all . There are 4 females in my house , not one of them can smell anything from this candle . I ca n't smell this thing either , I emailed Tocca , no response . Do n't waste your money on anything they sell .
 I ordered a candle from this company through Amazon and I got a notice that it shipped Fed Ex yesterday . When I went to track the package , I was shocked to see that the expected delivery date is TWO WEEKS from today . I contacted Fed Ex and they said some shipping method was used that means , basically , Fed Ex just kinda takes their time getting it to my local POST OFFICE . Then , the mailman will deliver it . Not Fed Ex . This makes no sense . I paid enough for shipping that they could have simply sent the candle via the postal service and it would have been here w/in a few days . I 'm VERY upset about this . Two weeks to get anything delivered by any company is completely ridiculous . I 've been ordering things online for years , and have never , EVER come across something like this . I wo n't be ordering from this company again .
 This chair does not recline , the armrests are completely unpadded and are angled so your arms slide off of them and to the outsides of the chair immediately in addition to being exceptionally narrow . Very little movement is available vertically with the gas lift and an even smaller amount of movement is available for the arms to move up/down or slide in/out . The back of the seat is bolted directly to the bottom , with no room for adjustments . The seat is painful to sit on for more than half an hour or so , worse than the $ 35 filler Wal-Mart chair it was meant to replace . The fabric leaves your back feel hot within first half hour of use . The casters are unremarkable in the truest sense of the word .
 This was given to me several years ago as a gift . I started using it again a few weeks ago . It froths milk fine . But as a few other reviews have alluded , it is fragile . But not only for the thin glass . I noticed this when I first got it , and have been extra careful.My issue is with the plunger . Most parts are stainless steel ... except a brittle plastic disk which holds the screen and a second stainless steel disc onto the handle shaft . The brittle plastic developed small cracks and finally broke last week , rendering the whole frother useless . I wrote the company asking for a replacement part , which I told them I was happy to purchase . But all they did was send me a canned response telling me to buy a new one if it was out of its 30 day warranty . More junk for the landfill . I can not believe folks keep buying crap that breaks easily . At least try another brand , which I am going to do . It 's not like these folks have a stranglehold on the Milk frother market .
 I , too , recieved the wrong item . When I inquired , they sent me a replacement but it too was not the item pictured . I thought about keeping it , but the smaller version is very chintzy , and has no power at all . A big waste of my time , although customer service did try to help .
 I did not get what I ordered . I was dissapointed that the picture was not the item that I received . I returned the item that I received . I will never buy any Item from BonJourn on the iternet.I bought the item at the store -LRB- a lot cheaper -RRB- and I love it .
 With only 2 batteries , it completely failed frothing half and half -- the motor at 3v just could n't handle the load . Tried with other milk weights , i.e. skim milk , but it just does n't spin fast enough to do what the description it says it will do . Look for the 3 or 4 battery model .
 Purchased this slicer from Amazon because my family consumes a lot of cheese and wire slicers seem to be the best . I selected this one because the discription sounded like it would hold up to heavy use . The screw holding one end of the wire fell out the first time I washed it and disappeared down the drain , the other screw was loose as well . I bought two stainless steel screws from the local hardware store with allen heads , the original screws are phillips and hard to get tight . I have no problems with the screws now but the wire has gotten very stretched with a couple of months of use . I am disappointed with this slicer overall and ca n't recommend it .
 Thought I was getting a good quality , durable cheese slicer . This thing is certainly heavy enough . Problem is , within a month the wire had stretched so much that it does n't cut properly anymore . Tried to adjust the screws on the sides , but one screw is frozen and can not be adjusted . Item is too expensive to last such a short time . Useless .
 Comes with only one wire . requires constant tightening due to stretch , finally broke after a few months . No replacement wire is available . Do n't waste your money .
 We have owned this slicer for for about 4 years , and had the wire suddenly break for us this week . Fortunately no one was hurt . We had liked the weight and adjustability of this slicer . Unfortunately , it seems cheaper to buy a different , more durable slicer than to find replacement wire for this one and to risk injury from future wire breaks .
 There are many other wire cheese slicers on the market for much less money that last much longer . The wire tightening method on this one stinks . Screws come loose too easily . Wire that comes with the slicer stretches in a short time , and you run out of ability to tighten quickly because of the screw method . NO replacement wire can be found when it breaks , and it will because the wire is too thin . Mine broke after two months of use . Not being able to find a replacement wire , I recycled a guitar string which lasted a while , but in reality , this cheese slicer is more trouble than it is worth , especially with the high price tag .
 I 'm SO TIRED of products that do n't say if it work with induction ! Why not just say so ? So ? Does this work with induction ? I 'm having a hell of a time finding sauce pans with a glass lid -LRB- who would make a lid you ca n't see thru ? -RRB- that work with induction !
 very dissappointed good deal for the price . I do n't know what else to write about this . It 's okay is all I have to say .
 This seemed like a very nice fry pan , but when I actually got it the bottom was not quite flat . I have a ceramic cooktop so that is important . I returned this immediately .
 These sheets are as thin as paper , they pill in the dryer , and are scratchy and uncomfortable to sleep on . The border is an extra piece of fabric sewn to the top of the sheet , instead of embroidered onto the sheet . I would NOT buy again !
 After 3 tries I am giving up on this pan . I replaced it 2 times because there was a black coating on the inside rim of the lid that was flaking off . Now the 3rd pan has warped . I would expect more from a $ 179 pan . Amazon has had great customer service though . I 'm glad I did n't have to go back to the department store each time .
 I have a glass top stove . The Calphalon contemporary after only 3-4 uses slightly warped . It was enough to have a perceivable `` wobble '' when using it on the glass top . I subsequently have purchased the Anolon Pro series of pans which has not exibited this behavior . I have used the pans significantly longer than I did the Calphalon .
 I Have a glass top stove as well and this pan warped . Calphalon replaced my first one , but the replacment warped as well . I ended up returning it . Very expensive for such a bad product .
 I am tired of my anodized infused , expensive flat bottomed Calphalon pans turning into woks . They are simply not suited for glass top ranges . Over time , they warp and develop a rounded bottom that causes them to spin dangerously on the stove top when stirring , and they make very poor contact with the heating surface . I have had the same experience with every flat bottomed piece that I have purchased , and while their warranty is OK , I do n't care to spend my time sending cookware back to the manufacturer .
 This pan warped after the first use , even though I followed the use instructions and did not use high heat . Thankfully Calphalon has excellent customer service , and prepaid the return shipping . They state to start the pan on low heat and very gradually bring it up to temperature . This is a real inconvenience . I would expect better from this manufacturer and especially at this price . Because of the warping the pan is of only limited use . I plan to try their way of preheating on the replacement pan , but at the first sign of trouble , I intend to return it for a refund .
 I have the same issues as everyone else here . The bottom warped after a while . I had a pan replaced by Calphalon , and the new pan seemed alright for a while , but got warped , again , after a year or so . I am planning to send it back , again , since I paid a lot of money for it . I like the size and the shape , but tired of dealing with the an uneven bottom . After I get a new pan , I will start saving for the same size All-clad .
 I too have a glass top stove . Every shallow Calphalon pan I have that is used frequently -LRB- all frying pans -RRB- have warped . After what I 've read here and elsewhere , I 'm not sure I even want to bother with replacements . It will just happen again . And I considered this my `` best cookeware '' . What a disappointment . Even my old Salad Master stuff still cooks perfectly .
 We got this pan for making omelets . However , the handle became very hot , too hot to grab even , and the pan was unusable safely . We had to return it .
 I only use ANOLON since for me are THE BEST pans ever -LRB- except the baking section -RRB- . So , i purchased this Calphalon thinking will be the same as Anolon , because i found a great deal at a local store ... story short
 I have three other pans from Calphalon which I really enjoy using . This new pan does not come up to the standard I am used to . It is not truly nonstick . Sorry , I have lost faith .
 This is the worse nonstick pan I have ever owned !! I was expecting A non coated -LRB- Teflon -RRB- Pan as my others were . I 'm very sad that I ever made this purchase . I loved my other fry pan , I could Bake,Bar-b-Q , anything I wanted . It was a 16 ' , and I found that alittle to big , But it was the best , wish I still had it . Never buy from an unknown source !!!!!!
 The rack is not really for belts and heavy stuff . . I ve got mine with some belts and is a mess to try to slide it . .
 The sliding feature of this rack causes it to mount very loosely on any surface , so it 's tough to rely on it to hold much more than a few belts or ties . The spacing of the hooks is also horrible because they are too close together for belts to fit nicely one to a hook and they are too wide for the belts to fit over two of them . Your only option is to run the belt down through the hook and let the buckle catch on the top which is not terribly convenient or even useful .
 Nice shiny piece on the outside . The track underneath is just a strip of plastic . You could get away with this for some lightweight stuff , otherwise it will lean and wear the plastic .
 I bought this for my DCO7 , which it clearly shows on the packaging in the photo . However , I was sent a very cheap looking generic filter for a DC05/08/14 / 15 . Amazon stated they could not control 3rd party sellers , even though they were the processing agent on this item -LRB- I bought it using my Prime account -RRB- . BUYER BEWARE .
 This item lists as a replacement for the DC14 pre-filter . It 's not even close in form factor . Not terribly expensive , so it 's not worth packing up and shipping back . What do I do with it now ? Guess it 's going in the trash . : -LRB-
 I was not aware my dyson took a larger filter . I bought 2 of these because they were so much less expensive than going directly to dyson . I 'm now stuck with them as sending back is more trouble than it 's worth
 Dyson DC41 motor , does not fit.Looks like a good design , but the dimensions are off by enough to make it unusable for that model .
 I bought this chair as a gift for my 13yo son who saw the picture online and said he would like it for his room . The demensions are not right in the description . The chair when assembled measures only 25 inches tall and 32 inches across at the widest part . It would be great for a much younger kid due to the size .
 This is a poorly structured extremely small chair . Company it ships from is brutal to deal with I returned it and still have not been credtte
 I love Calphalon , but they should do better than this product . The non-stick coating lasted less than 5 months even following the manufacturers instructions -LRB- 1 -RRB- wood and nylon utensils , -LRB- 2 -RRB- hand wash , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- NEVER MORE THAN MEDIUM HEAT .
 I like the Calphalon Contemporary line a great deal , and so I was pleased to find the steamer insert that fit my pan . But my first attempt to use it was a failure -- the small steamer holes -LRB- and not very many of them -RRB- are easily covered by the food to be steamed , leaving the insert to function like a double boiler . After working for close to an hour to steam summer squash -LRB- which should take 20 minutes at most -RRB- , I gave up and dumped the squash into the steaming water and boiled it . I 'm sure that some foods will steam in this pan , but items that lay flat like sliced vegetables will be a problem .
 This pan fails in so many ways I hardly know where to start . It arrived with a pre-dented lid , and the black ring has on the lid has peeled off for me , as it has for many others . The fact that it came with a lid was a big part of the reason I bought this thing , so the dent and the lid problems are a real problem for me . The first thing I cooked in it stuck to this `` no stick '' pan , even though I carefully followed the directions . The pan 's rounded bottom prevents it from sitting flat on my electric stove 's burners , so it wo n't heat evenly . It ca n't be put in the dishwasher -LRB- but you know that if you read the description -RRB- . Finally , after one year of light use , the handle has loosened up . Obviously if the handle completely lets go , a pan full of hot -LRB- and probably burned -RRB- food could fly off anywhere.This is the last of the Calphalon junk I 'll ever buy , and Amazon should be ashamed selling this stuff . This pan will go to the dump where it belongs this weekend.I 'll seriously consider the `` shop at home '' products on tv which claim to be non-stick , come with lids , have flat bottoms , can be put in the dishwasher , and cost far less . If all that is true then it 's worth a look !
 This nonstick pan sticks . In fact it sticks so bad it 's almost impossible to clean.R
 I have expected a better quality from Calphalon products but this one is really not up to par . The rack and the container just do n't seem match one another -LRB- size wise -RRB- . The lifters are ok but you see solder marks and the metal is not well polished . The injector is scary ... outside it looks normal but inside of the injector was filled with dark brown/black grease/oil . I tried to clean it but it 's almost impossible . I end up throw away the injector and the lifters and only kept the rack and the container . I have seen better quality with cheaper price products . This one just does n't worth it .
 I bought this chair as a gift for my 13yo son who saw the picture online and said he would like it for his room . The demensions are not right in the description . The chair when assembled measures only 25 inches tall and 32 inches across at the widest part . It would be great for a much younger kid due to the size .
 This is a poorly structured extremely small chair . Company it ships from is brutal to deal with I returned it and still have not been credtte
 I bought this pan to replace a covered 10 '' pan . Out of the box I noticed that the lid felt heavier than the pan . Although the pan cooked food well , the handle is uncomfortably long and not well balanced to the pan . Once you add food it 's even harder to manage . It may have been helpful if this pan had a ` helper handle ' but I 'm not even sure that would solve the problem . I am going to return it and hope to find something better .
 nonstick layer chipped off even though I have never used metal utensils on it . the handle is not tightly attached to the pan - it shakes . very disappointed .
 I bought this chair as a gift for my 13yo son who saw the picture online and said he would like it for his room . The demensions are not right in the description . The chair when assembled measures only 25 inches tall and 32 inches across at the widest part . It would be great for a much younger kid due to the size .
 This is a poorly structured extremely small chair . Company it ships from is brutal to deal with I returned it and still have not been credtte
 I do not know if I received a defective pan or why others are so much happier with this pan than me . I purchased this pan because I am so thrilled with my purchase ofCalphalon Unison Nonstick 8-Inch and 10-Inch Omelette Pan Setwhich is amazingly non-stick . I can flip pancakes with my fingernail ! That omelette pan set makes a great gift and is such a bargain . I was so disappointed with this Calphalon JR8782-2P contemporary nonstick 21/2 quart shallow saucepan . I prepared oatmeal in this pan right next to a similar shaped and sized pan that is stainless steel with no non-stick coating and I could not tell a difference in clean-up between the two . My conclusion I guess is that perhaps the different lines of Calphalon pans may really perform quite differently from each other .
 Enjoyed this sauce pan . The build quality is high , the glass lid is nice to be able to check boiling levels without opening the lid . I wish this was just hard anodized without the non stick interior . Very careful with my cookware , but the inside has been scratched .
 We just bought the 1.5 qt version of this exact pot . We have a number of other Cephalon pots and pans , various vintage.Never had this problem with any of them . The first use of this pot and my girlfriend nearly scorched her hand . Only the outer half of the handle stays cool . The half closer to the pot got very hot . Quite surprised and very disappointed . Will not being dealing with Cephalon again .
 I sent an older non-stick pan in for replacement because it was flaking . They sent this as a replacement . It is a piece of crap . After less than 6 months , the coating is coming off . I use it almost exclusively for rice and never use anything but safe utensils . I have always like Calphalon , but this is not a good piece .
 I own other Calphalon cookware and have found it to be of excellent quality . Unfortunately this saucepan does not fit into that category . Apparently Calphalon is no longer made in the United States but is now made in China . The quality of the product is NOT what it once was.After receiving the saucepan I unpacked it and washed it . My major problem is with the lid of the pot . There is a rubber gasket between the glass cover and the metal rim . This gasket area filled with soapy water from being washed and I found it impossible to remove all of the liquid . This means that when cooking steam will condense there and oils from food will also collect there . This could then be transferred to other foods at subsequent cooking times . There is also a high probability that mold could form there during storage . This is unacceptable.I have returned this saucepan to Amazon for a refund and will search for a product without this problem.I am unable to recommend this product to anyone else and highly encourage you to check the lids of any pots you are considering for a similar issue .
 Calphalon advertises this pan as being anodized that wo n't chip , crack , or scratch , and it is not suppose to flake like teflon.I am sorry to report after 2 years of using this pan I can confirm that is does badly flake . I recently noticed this after I was making a white sauce and was confused why so many `` black flakes '' where in there since I had not peppered my sauce . After inspecting the pan I could see small textured scratches along the bottom that showed the pan was flaking and it 's anodized layer was wearing away.While this pan was an absolute dream to use before this it will not stand the test of time . I highly recommend Amazon users to not purchase Calphalon 's anodized pans or sauce pans . I ca n't imagine consuming the flaking anodized layers are good for your health .
 About 2 years ago , I bought one of these saucepans and really liked it ... until the non-stick coating deteriorated after about 18 months of use . -LRB- Yes , yes , we were careful about utensils and how we washed it . -RRB- Even though I prefer kitchen equipment that stands the tests of time a bit -LRB- much ! -RRB- better , I liked the pan so much that I replaced it . Well , after only 6 months or so , the non-stick coating on pan # 2 has started peeling off . NOT acceptable . I wo n't be buying anymore of this brand of saucepans .
 I purchased the pan back in 2006 and it was wonderful , better than just anything Walmart carry ; for the records Walmart was the course of my cookware -LRB- or whatever you call them -RRB- back in grad school 's salary . Unlike most pan , the sheet of metal is thick and by soem magic heats up really fast . Now after carful using -LRB- alwasy wooden spatulla and hand wash -RRB- teh coating started to peel of soem tiem middle of 2007 and the process is still on . Now , it sticks up everything , only thing I can really cook is sause ; I used to saute my food a lot and now I can do so only if I use a different pan . Overal , not worth the extra $ ; I think a more resonable way to get nonstick is hard anodized stuff .
 First , the product is Calphalon , so you know it 's going to wear very well . But ... The shallow design is a loser for most purposes , and in fact its width and the lengthe of its handle make it difficult to clean in my evenly divided sink -LRB- key for living , NEVER install a standard sized sink divided exactly in half -RRB- . Furthermore , the handle is very awkardly placed . I 'm no weakling , but even with the saucepan empty , it is uncomfortable to hold . This could have been made easier with a secondary handle on the opposite side.Therefore , unless you really need this exact diameter , I strongly recommend getting a less-wide , deeper saucepan , with a straight not curved handle .
 Out of the box the pan I had warped after the first use . If you have a glass top , or otherwise completely flat cooktop stay away from this pan.I contacted Calphalon and was sent a replacement which took approx 2 months . When I received the replacement I put approx . 2 cups of water in it and began to heat it on medium high heat and had the same result . It had a terribly warped bottom and is what I would consider to be unusableI do have other pieces of cookware from them that do not exhibit this behavior . I am again contacting Caphalon to replace the pan a second time however since I have had two pans now with the same problem I have little faith that a third replacement would be better .
 Maybe it is because I have a traditional American range but the heat really does not distribute on this wok and it is kind of pointless so I just use a regular fry pan . Really a waste of space in my kitchen . I am wonder if there is another use for it ...
 After one time use , the nonstick coating was peeling off , and all I used was a wooden utensil.Don ' t waste money on it .
 I have had this vacuum for about a year . I absolutely loved it . It 's very very quiet and really just a nice , simple machine . BUT ... the other day the prong broke off of the cord when i tried to plug it into the wall . When I took it to have it fixed , the guy told me that because of the way the vacuum was made , i would have to completely replace the entire cord winding mechanism ... and of course , this would have costed about as much as I paid for the vacuum . The cord winding spool is wired to the vacuum and you can not just replace the cord . Just FYI . I ended up buying a Hoover Wind Tunnel canister vac from this same company -LRB- Allergy Be Gone -RRB- and I love it . I have no idea if it has the same design flaw , but i will say it works much , much better than the Electrolux . The first day i had it , i picked up three canisters -LRB- it 's a bagless -RRB- of dirt and cat hair off of what looked like clean floors . In my opinion , it 's money better spent .
 While the vacuum does everything it is supposed to I feel cheated that the description says the HEPA filter is washable and it is not ! On their own website , Electrolux has described it as washable while neglecting to add that it is optional and can be purchased for $ 30 . Most dealers will tell you that it is washable because that is how Electrolux is marketing it to them . Check the Amazon site and you will see it too ! Without the washable filter one has to pay $ 15 + shipping for each filter replacement . The suggested schedule is one for every fifth bag change.Thats a lot to add to the cost of the already expensive vacuum cleaner.I contacted Electrolux and received no help from customer service . They denied that the website mentions the washable filter - I have copy of it . Calls to the home office have gone unanswered . I might return the product because of the false advertising . Just wanted others to know what they were getting .
 At first , we loved this ultra quiet vacuum cleaner . After one year , however , it started sounding like a jet engine . The turbo-nozzle had broken . I live in a major city and no one within the city limits services these things , and when I ordered a new turbo nozzle , they sent a mini . It turns out that the actual replacement nozzle , listed at $ 29.99 a year ago , now costs $ 125.00 ! The explanation I got was `` Prices are subject to change without notice . '' Now I 'm stuck with a 5-inch mini turbo nozzle and my wife is going to kill me . Plus the cord , which used to snap back into the cannister at the touch of a button , creeps in while we 're vacuuming -- and when we press the button too . I love it at first , but I 'll never buy another Electrolux . It 's not well made , and they do n't stand behind their product .
 As my vacuum repairman put it , `` That 's not an Electrolux , that 's Eureka JUNK . '' And it is ... . I have had it in the repair shop twice and it is not a year old . He explained that Electrolux sold the rights to Eureka to put the Electrolux name on the Eureka line ... I asked why Electrolux would do this ... MILLIONS ! There may be a misrepresentation lawsuit somewhere in here ... but who would want to take the time ? ...
 We loved this vacuum for the 10 months that it worked . It is quiet , great for hardwood and delicate rugs . However , one day it quit working and NO ONE in our area will service it . The electrolux website lists 10 service providers in our area but not a single one will touch it . We are told that this item is an Electrolux knock-off and no one can get parts for it . I fear we have purchased a $ 200 disposable vacuum .
 After having a silverado vacuum for over twenty years the cheapness and poor quality of this vacuum made me send it back . I prefer quality that lasts than a cheap product that does the trick for a couple of years . I was very disappointed because I bought this vacuum based on others high reviews .
 I 'm not thrilled with this vac . Mostly because of the pet hair and dirt tracked in from pets . It seems like I have to stay in the same spot and `` encourage '' it to vacume up anything . Twice the work of my old vac . Not as I had hoped for the money . Maybe if it had been 80 dollars I would n't be as disappointed
 I have 2 cats and this is possibly the worst vacuum I have ever used . Instead of picking up the hair on wall to wall carpeting , it just bunches it up . I have to stop at least every minute or two to pick up the bunches . It takes twice as long to vacuum as it should . It is AWFUL on scatter rugs . I go over and over and over and they are still not clean . The turbo brush that comes with it works better but the company rep I contacted said if you use it all the time , it wears out quickly , very quickly ! I would not recommend this vacuum at all . It is quiet and that is all it has going for it .
 I too loved this vacuum when I first purchased it . It was quiet and everything seemed to be just fine . The turbo nozzle lost its wheels , lost its suction and became torn and battered in a short period of time -- less than a year . The paper that came with the vacuum indicated I could purchase a new turbo nozzle for approximately $ 30 . I thought , `` Great '' . When I called to order it I was informed that the price was now $ 125 . There was no way I was going to pay that amount ! In addition to the problem with the turbo nozzle , the retractable cord now retracts whenever it feels like it while I 'm vacuuming . Definitely not worth the money that I paid for it .
 Overall the unit has a nice feel to it and is quiet as expected . However , the concern is with the attachments . We have dark hardwood floors and therefore any scratch becomes obvious . Unfortunately the attachments for the floor rely upon either a brush or red felt to guide the front of the attachment . In short , grit got caught under the attachment and scratched my floor . I was obviously very disappointed and returned the unit . I have since purchased a Bosch which is ideal in that it has wheels which support the main head attachment on the front and the back and therefore reduces the chance of scratching .
 For the first 4 years I loved this vacuum cleaner , then the turbo brush broke . Not the brush itself but a plastic ring that keeps it attached to the hose . I replaced the brush with a regular brush and that one lasted about 6 times and is not powerful enough on the carpet . I now have to decide if I want to buy another turbo brush for $ 130 or so or if I want to invest in a new vacuum cleaner . If electrolux would have not have used the cheap plastic parts both brushes could have lasted a lot longer . I would not buy this brand again . The plastic parts are too flimsy and do not last .
 This vacuum works well on hardwood floors . It is lightweight . The attachment for carpet does not have a power head so it does n't work so well if the carpet has much dirt or pet hair . The bags are expensive and do not fit well in the compartment . My main complaint , though , and the reason why I would NOT recommend anyone buying this machine , is that it does not last . It is all plastic . And the plastic parts break and render it useless . We have had it for 4 years and now it 's headed for the dump . What a disgrace ! My previous vacuum was my grandmother 's Electrolux , which she got decades ago and used regularly . It was metal , durable , useful for a lifetime -LRB- or more -RRB- . This vacuum is a cheaply made , poor imitation and Electrolux should be ashamed for falling so far below the bar they set so many years ago .
 He came to us gently packed , oh so cute and even light enough for the kids to try and vacuum . We quickly named him `` Jeffrey '' and I just as quickly filed for an annulment ! Within 20 days the carpet head cleaner would no longer spin . Easy fix , I thought ! Not the first time to be proven so wrong ! At the megar cost of $ 157.00 I could have that attachment replaced . Obviously it happens a lot because there was quite a bidding war on e-bay for this attachment ! I took Jeffrey to the local Electrolux store only to have these two seemingly kind men laugh hysterically until one fell onto the floor , a much cleaner floor than mine because they did n't sell Electrolux any longer !!! They informed me at that point that Electrolux as America knows it has been sold to a cheap , plastic vacuum company ; gone are the days of metal cannisters that you could ride for years at your grandma 's house ! The men gave it a good try to try to fix the carpet head but I left filling dumb amd angry , no Harmony at all ! Just as ticked at my mother-in-law for obviously not needing to buy a new vacuum in twenty years so thus recommending this as the ONLY one and Electrolux the original for selling out their name , something they should be proud of ! Please read the link -LSB- ... -RSB- for further info I did n't know til too late . After buying $ 99 dollar vacs my entire life I was honestly proud the moment Jeffrey arrived , maybe that was the problem there . Karma gave me no `` Harmony '' for being so proud ! I give it 1 star for suction , it is a strong little bugger and 1 star for it 's size and lightness was a nice change . Now I 'm no housekeeper of days gone by , I 'm a re-incarnation of Erma Bombeck so had the Harmony picked up a few pet hairs and a cheerio now and then we 'd still be living in perfect Harmony together instead of living in seperate rooms . Jeffries been relegated to the garage where he seems to enjoy cleaning an automobile or two . Next house , all floors not even a throw rug please !!
 If you have nothing but hardwood floors , this might be a fine vacuum , but if you 're looking to vacuum carpet of any texture , think twice . If you have a pet , look elsewhere.My wife and I bought this vacuum knowing the Electrolux name from my childhood , only to find out it 's a different company , and they 're nowhere near the quality of the old '65 vacuum that my father still uses to blow out his pool lines -LRB- there 's a novel use ... -RRB- . Pros :1 . Quiet2 . LightCons :1 . Expensive2 . Bags are small and Expensive .3 . Proprietary design for hose and attachments -LRB- the two that come with it are all you 'll ever get . -RRB- 4 . Vacuum head and brush roller jams with the slightest bit of hair.Let me get back to the attachments
 Although this vacuum has powerful suction , the quality of the plastic wand and cleaning attachments are not consistent with the cost of this vacuum . The carpet attachment does not come off easily and in my case , broke off from its collar . I had to spend nearly 40 % of the original purchase price to replace the wand and attachment which were NOT covered by the warranty . Overall a poor value and not recommended for the price .
 Regardless of all the virtues of this vacuum , there is one important issue that seems to be overlooked by all these glowing reviews . When your floor tool breaks and it will ... -LRB- mine broke at one year -RRB- you ca n't buy a replacement ! Yes you read this correctly . Electrolux does not sell a replacement floor tool . So you now need to duck tape your vacuum together or buy a new vacuum . End of story
 The hardwood floor attachment has a pair of felt strips on the bottom along the intake . One of them fell off within a month and the other one fell off within a year . As a result , the attachment does n't perform as well and it scratches the floor . We called support to get replacement strips -LRB- we were even willing to pay for them -RRB- and were told we had to buy a new attachment which costs over $ 100 and they refused to budge or offer any alternate solutions.Also , the attachment holder does n't stay on the wand or hold the pieces very well . As a result , I 'm constantly running around the house trying to find pieces when I need them.Finally , the cord retractor has weakened over time and does n't work as well - we 've only owned it for a little over a year.Other than that , it performs reasonably well , but do n't gamble your money on a flimsy product the manufacturer wo n't stand behind .
 This vacuum is okay if you have tile or wood floors , and you do n't have anything pea sized or larger to pick up . A broom would do a better job in my opinion . And forget trying to vacuum the carpet or even a throw rug . It 's worthless . At least you do n't have to stock up on extra bags , you wo n't need them with this machine , it does n't pick up enough to fill one !
 These are horrible knives that are probably also sold at the dollar store . I would not recommend them . Spend the extra money and purchase a better set .
 These pots and pans are pretty , no question , but they just do n't work that well . The long handles get in the way and are heavy enough to make the pans tilt on the burner unless there 's a fair amount in them . There 's a black band on the underside of the lids that 's just PAINT . Who would put paint on a pan lid ? Anyway , it peels off when heated . They 're not dishwasher safe , and you need to buy a special calphalon anodized cleaner to clean the outsides . Burn anything in these pots and you 're stuck , it sticks on , and you ca n't scrub it off without ruining the nonstick surface . There 's no pouring lip on the saucepans , and no steam vent in the lids , so when you boil , you 'll have dribbles down the side . These pots are made in China , which always makes me suspicious . For the price , there are much better pots ; if you must have Calphalon , I 'd go for the stainless interiors if you want a long-lasting pot , but you can get substantially better pots than these for a fraction of the cost ; check out the new revere stainless line with the colander lids ; dishwasher and oven safe , unlike these .
 I cant believe anyone would rate these overpriced , overweight no-stick pots and pans more than a 1 star . I boil water in the 21/2 qt . one for pasta , that 's all i use it for . I just noticed that all the no stick at the edge all the way around , is gone . I hand wash only . Dollar store cookware is better than this garbage product .
 One of the lids i received was vent very badly making the lid unusable since it did n't hold the heat in and it seemed as if my package was purchased returned and sold again to me rather disappointing since i spent so much on the cookware set !
 I bought this set when my husband and I were married four years ago . I love to cook and bake , and thought these pans were great in the beginning . Four years and $ 400 later , I am very disappointed . The nonstick coating in every pan is peeling off . Let me be clear
 I registered for the Calphalon Contemporary Nonstick 10pc set -LRB- plus an extra dutch oven in this line -RRB- for my wedding 21/2 years ago . It was a pricey set -- the kind that I would n't buy for myself , but registered for , hoping that it would be a durable set that would last my husband and I a long time.Well , within a year , the two frying pans began to peel their Teflon coating . Now , 21/2 years later , 4 out of 6 of the pans I got are shedding their Teflon . I was responsible with them -- NEVER put them in the dishwasher , and ONLY used nylon/silicone tools to cook with or clean them.When I contacted Calphalon , they would `` consider '' replacing them if I paid to ship the affected pans to them . Even then , I would n't get a refund or be able to exchange them for a stainless steel pan in their line , but a replacement of the same pans . We decided to just go out and buy a stainless steel set . We did n't feel like paying a fortune to ship them our pans , just to recieve the same ones in return.Pros : Great look , easy to clean.Cons : A $ 450 + set with a Teflon coating that only lasts 1-2 years , regardless of how well you take care of them .
 My wife and I registered for this set when we got married a few years ago . I was really excited about cooking on `` high-end '' cookware that we probably would not have purchased for ourselves . Initially , these were great . They heated-up evenly , the non-stick worked very well and they were easy to clean . We were meticulous with the care and use of this cookware because it was a such a high end set . They were never in the dishwasher and we never used metal utensils . Nevertheless , after only a year or so of use the non-stick coating started flaking off on the most-used pieces of the set , the 3-qt saute pan . Soon after that , both skillets started peeling , followed by the dutch oven -LRB- we received as a bonus -RRB- , and both saucepans . Currently , the only piece with the non-stick surface fully in-tact is the stockpot.Considering the price of this set the non-stick coating 's lack of durability is extremely disappointing . In comparison , I have had a much cheaper wok for over 10 years where the non-stick shows no wear . For these reasons I would not recommend this set to anyone .
 We purchased this set less than a month ago . Our pans started to show discoloration around the outside . When I researched and inquired this issue with Calphalon Warranty I was informed that this was due to washing them in the dishwasher despite the pamphlet insert which came with the product clearly states `` Calphalon Unison is 100 % dishwasher safe '' . The customer service in my experience is less than stellar . I will NEVER purchase another set from Calphalon after this experience and would say I am completely dissatisfied with their false care directions and refusal to resolve this issue .
 Getting married , I registered for this Calphalon set at Target . At first I was totally happy with them ; I would have given them a 5-star rating . They were working fine , stuff was n't sticking , and they looked great . However , a couple of months down the road , and a few slightly burnt items , a few trips through the dishwasher , and now absolutely everything sticks to them.Now , looking at the set more objectively , I realize that my favorite pot to use was one that I got at MacFrugals for like five bucks . Side by side , the cheap one heats stuff faster and is far easier to clean.All the looks that the set originally had has worn off . Like the other reviewer said , they actually paint on these pots , and the paint is n't heat resistant . So now my beautiful and expensive nonstick cookware set is ugly and the stickiest cookware set I have ever cooked on.Avoid this set , and from what I 'm hearing from all my married friends ... AVOID CALPHALON.I should also say that I have contacted Calphalon customer support regarding my problems as they say that they have a lifetime warranty . Let me just say that their customer support -LRB- I 'm using it as a title only , as they do n't seem to care and the farthest thing from their mind is support -RRB- is subpar and completely unresponsive.If you 're reading this , I guess our loss is your gain since you do n't have to make the same mistake we did . I do n't have any recommendations , but since I 'm sure that I have to go buy a new set soon , I 'll be sure to post an update when I find a set that is good ... maybe I 'll just go over to Big Lots or the ninety-nine cent store and see what I can find . So far I 've had better luck there than with Calphalon .
 When replacing my cookware several years ago I decided to spend the extra money for this brand/style because of it 's excellent reputation as being durable . Initially I LOVED the cookware . Lids fit well , heated evenly , nothing stuck to the surface . After about a year , despite following all care instructions , the non-stick surfaces stopped working . Thinking I just got a defective set , I sent it back to Caphlon . No problem with the return , they replaced the pieces without hesitation . Almost a year later that set too had the same sticking issues . The skillet I have sent back several times.I 'm tired of paying shipping and dealing with the hassle of replacement . I 'm not alone in my complaints . A neighbor has the same cookware and the same issues . We are both in search of new cookware . I 'm not sure what it 's going to be yet , but it will definitley not be Caphalon !
 I keep having to replace the rings every 6 months because they shrink and then they do n't do their job . I have a Presto canner and if there was a better ring that fits -LRB- which I do n't think there is -RRB- I would get it . My friend has a Mirro canner and she used it for 15 years and never had to replace the ring . I wish the Mirro ring fit into my Presto canner , but it does n't .
 I asked a question about this item and it 's been a week and no answer . Looks like I 'll be purchasing somewhere else .
 Do n't get fooled by the Electrolux brand name any longer . After having this vacuum for 3-4 years the handle base down by the on/off/low / high switch begins to heat up to the point where you can burn yourself after running this for 15 minutes . I am wondering if anybody else has this problem . The product should be recalled . Never let a child help out with vacuuming with this thing or you will end up in an emergency room .
 I purchased this vacumn from Sam 's . Everybody told me that this was a good brand . Two weeks after I purchased this vacumn the handle came loose because of the extremely heavy weight . I tried to fix the handle but could not.I have had less than 6 months now and I have had to put duct tape on the handle to keep it together . Also the cord does not have anything to hang on . the little hooks just don , t work . I paid more than $ 300.00 for this vacumn and I will probably just throw it away . Please listen to me and don ' r but this vacumn . Very unhappy .
 I purchased my upright about 2 years ago and while it continues to have good suction and cleans fairly well , I 'm disappointed that it has already developed a short in the switch area which has melted the handle and renders it unuseable for fear of a fire . Online research reveals that others have also had this problem . While it is probably fixable , I 'm not in love enough with the sweeper to keep it . It does not lay flat enough to clean under tables , and the on board hose and tools have a habit of falling off at inconvenient times . The other inconvenience has been finding replacement bags anywhere but online .
 Owned this product for a couple of years now and have had nothing but headaches . It clogs frequently . It rarely fills a bag , so I know it is not picking up . The furniture attatchment sucks up the fabric and does not clean . It is heavy and bulky and very hard to control . Also , after only a few months the plastic piece that lock the vac into the sandup position broke . This vaccum is not worth your money !!
 To our dismay , after we bought the Electrolux Aptitude , we found out it does n't perform as well as other Electrolux vacuums . The reason - Electrolux bought out Eureka and are marketing the Aptitude Vacuum with their name on it!How did we find this out ? We could NOT buy the belt or bag at the store we bought the Electrolux at because it is NOT a true Electrolux product . It 's a Eureka with an Electrolux name.Save yourself the journey and either buy a more expensive model of Electrolux or a less expensive vacuum in another brand . This vacuum is NOT worth the price !
 This is really sucks item.Before I bought this , I used a LG vaccum.Compare to 10year old LG , This vaccum is a really shameful one.Do not waste your time and money.I bet !
 This is n't the worst vacuum I 've owned . It did its job well for less than two years . Then the plastic at base of the handle/neck became extremely hot to the touch and eventually melted . It 's not safe to use anymore.At nearly $ 300 , there are better vacs out there that cost less money . After this guy melted , I checked Consumer Reports and found they highly recommended the Eureka Boss `` SmartVac '' -LRB- Eureka and Electrolux are owned by same company . -RRB- I spent around $ 150 for this machine and it 's been awesome .
 This product was delivered a week past the date promised . It was left in my yard . Delivery person should not have entered my private yard . All deliveries are left in the front garage . Box was torn and broken and taped back together . I requested that the box be picked up and item returned . I was not willing to risk accepting this product in a smashed , torn box.I was very unhappy with Amazons ' handling of this attempted purchase . I ended up buying the same item for $ 25.00 less at my neighborhood store .
 I purchased one of these vacuums less than 3 months ago and now see the hose is disintegrating . It has a series of tears in the folds all along the hose . I contacted the company about the problem and was told that we could buy a piece to fix it or buy a new vacuum . You purchase a major product like this you would expect the company to stand behind it , not want you to buy the pieces to fix what is their manufacturing problem.Beware this vacuum . It does not live up to its hype .
 I first , i thought i was getting a `` True Electrolux '' for a bargin price . The old saying `` you get what you pay for '' is oh so true . As it turns out , this is a cheap Eureka vacuum cleaner . First time i tryed to clean under a chair , i discovered the brush head lifts off the floor completely . Forget cleaning under a bed . It 's noisy , looks like cheaper tthan normal plastic parts . It also left scuff marks all over my wood flooring . I could get the same vacuum cleaner but branded Eureka for a lot less money if thats what i wanted . For me , it 's going back for a refund . My advise , stay away from this product . If it is an Electrolux you want -LRB- as i do -RRB- then be sure you buy the real item . Do n't know why , but the real Electrolux is now called Aerus or something like that . Same great products but a different name now.My 3 cents worth ,
 I purchased an upright Electrolux about 20 years ago and the vacuum is still going strong , needed another vacuum and greed got the best of me ... `` an Electrolux for just a little over $ 300 ? ... I better snatch that up right away ! '' ... What a mistake !! cheap , poor fitting plastic , poor overall performance . a warmed over Eureka -LRB- Same Company -RRB- . Evidently Electrolux sold off the high quality vacuum cleaner portion of their business to a company called Aerus , they have a web site or you can buy a slightly different version of the Aerus 3000 , still the high quality of past Electrolux 's , on QVC called the `` Ultralux by Electrolux '' for $ 344 .
 The new look of the Contemporary Series is attractive but not durable for long wear.The underside of the lids have a black band which I thought at first to be heat resistant plastic of some sort but it turned out to be some kind of paint ! I found this out after the paint started to chip off during cleaning ! Who did the engineering and testing of this design ? Very bad design indeed . And water can be trapped under the metal band of the lids which the black paint band is suppose to hide . What a joke!Also the lid 's lip is easily dented if accidently dropped.So in sum , the attractive look of the Contemporary series quickly fades when its vulnerability and durability are factored in . Avoid buying this line and choose the other time tested lines of Calphalon .
 I bought this set December 2003 . After a year of use , the black `` painted '' rim under the lid has come off . I 've always hand washed it , too . Also , I 've noticed a couple of dents on the lid just from having it set on a drying rack.On a positive note , the knife is awesome , very durable and high quality . The non stick material is also great . The pot itself is very easy to clean .
 How very clever you are . Your review about the ` magical cleaning genie ' was very humorous.Based on the reviews of this product - your included - I purchased this set.I received it Thursday , I sent in the warranty on Friday . On Saturday I used my new pan to heat up sauce for pasta . I cleaned it according to the directions.Guess what ?? This morning when I went to put the pan and the lid away I found that some of the black markings on the underside of the lid was GONE.Yep , no magically genie here ... just missing markings . If you look carefully you 'll be able to feel that the black rim is indeed ` painted ' on.I 'm not sure if this is a structural flaw or if I received a lid that was made incorrectly , but you can bet I 'll be on the phone with Calphalon on Monday to find out if this is covered under the warranty . I 've had it 48 hours and it already has a flaw ?? Next time save the ` smarter than thou ' reviews of previous reviewers and stick to the subject.All in all , it SEEMS like a good pan but if I spend the money on Calphalon , I 'd rather not have to put the warrenty to use in under 48 hours .
 This is really irritating ; this product/package looks good , but there 's not enough information to make a purchase decision , just a little picture . There seems to be a pot , how big is it ? There seems to be a knife . Again , what size , what type ? There seems to be a book , and we ca n't even see the title , though I 'd guess it 's the cooking club book . I did a search on the web for the `` Calphalon Contemporary Nonstick Cooking Club Starter Set '' and pretty much every hit links back to this page for more information .
 While the set does the job , and cuts everything very well ... the knives are NOT presentable in the least . On many of the ones included in my set , the Sabatier `` crest '' on the end of each knife is actually glued in CROOKED . While they cut nice , they truely look like junk .
 alas , i bought this knife set by brand name ... thinking ` hey , a good brand for cheap ' ... well . they are cheap . and they are not ` the ' sabatier knives . my set has rust spots after 2 months , and the blade edge dulls in mere days of use . terrible product.sabatier is not a name that can be copyrighted due to old french laws , therefore not * all * sabatier knives are produced by the brand name sabatier we all know and love.dont bother with these , you 'll end up like me
 It is not a quality product . As far as I am concerned it is a `` No Go '' at any price . Plastic Handles on Quality knives ? C'mon !
 These knives are horrible . I was SO disapointed when I got them . I bought them a couple years ago from Amazon and when I first got them they were NOT sharp . The only thing I do like is that thee handle is actually sturdy . It 's not flexible like some of these cheaps knives . Mine knives also rusted in areas . The steak knives are okay . I usually use them and I do used the scissors . If you are looking for really sharp knives , do n't waste your money with these .
 These knives are very cheaply constructed . Right out of the box one was missing the crest on the end of the knife , others are glued on crooked . They are not sharp and the bread knife tears the bread apart instead of slicing it , and the slicing knife does a much nicer job on my breads . RUST spots appeared the first time washed , now I just throw them into the dishwasher , because they are not the quality I expected . . The handles are comfortable and you get a good grip on them even with wet hands , so that is a good point . Overall I was very disappointed with them , but would recommend to someone that is on a tight budget because you do get a complete set at a very CHEAP price , but if you do n't need them immediality do yourself a favor and save up for a better set .
 While I certainly did ` nt expect anywhere near the top of the line Sabatier cutlery , I also did n't expect the junk I received in their name . I 'm surprized thar Sabatier allowed their name to be associated with this junk.While I appreciate the concept , I will certainly be more cautious before i ever order anything from your company again
 This a very bad set of knifes ... I own a similar set of Sabatier Precision , I got them on Amazon ... and I love my set.The ChefStar knives are very light and not sharp at all !! I do n't understand how one company could make two products with such a different quality .
 Over time , I bought several different sets of Sabatier knives . I guess you have to look specifically at the model name . This set , ChefStar , is junk . I bought the Elite model before and was quite pleased with it . I expected similar quality for roughly the same price and I was terribly disappointed .
 This is a terrible set of knives . Not one sharp knife in the set . Forget them .
 I recently bought this set of knives from Amazon and I have to report that the product is severely overprised even at it 's discounted rate . The product looks knives , the weight is right , but regrettably they cut like genuine fast food plastic knives.Avoid this product if you can . Unfortunatly the first of our kids who move out will get these knives . This could categorize us as virtually abusive parents .
 The first time I used the steel to sharpen one of the knives , the steel broke in two .
 I was very disappointed with these knives . While they carry the Sabatier name , they certainly do not have the quality.They do not remain sharp.The kitchen shears are the best item in the set . This is nowhere near the professional quality of Sabatier
 I ordered two sets for family gifts and both had one extra slot -LRB- or maybe one knife missing -RRB- . I was very disappointed , especially that I did n't find out about this until my family members opened their gifts .
 I bought this set for my daughter last Christmas , and I will never live it down . It is the worst - rusts , dulls in days even after professional sharpening . I too thought Sabatier meant something , but the knives I bought weekly at my local grocery store far surpass this set of junk . Do not give as a gift , to yourself or anyone else .
 If you like cutting with poor quality knives that rust within 2 weeks of use ... then these knives are for you .
 Disgraceful . I have never bought knives that arrive unsharpened . That is the very least you would expect . I returned these .
 I feel taken . I wish I read these reviews before buying them . The negative ones are true . The box was open like it had been returned , blades outside of box , blades banging against blade during shipment , chipped like crazy . Cheap tab feel off knife , rust on blades ... very disappointed .
 The knife blades on all the knives look good and sharp . I do n't know how long they will had a good edge . The handles are cheap plastic and the little silver end pieces remind me of cheap models I made as a kid . Also one knife arrived with rust already on it and another missing end piece . I found another set of knives at sears for $ 20 that was the same size but built better . BTW this set was bought as a gift , the sears set will be given instead .
 I still ca n't understand why in the world they took a nice set of knives and put such cheap plastic handles on them . I mean , they 're not even average plastic handles . They 're just plain old cheap looking . Other than the handles , they 're a decent set of cheap steel knives .
 This set is a good valu for the money . But if you are looking for a good quality set at a cheap price , this set is n't . The small knives are like using saws . The larger ones are not real sharp nor will they hold an edge . All of them will come out of the dishwasher with rust spots . But what do you get for this price ?
 Complete waste of the little amount of money you pay for them ! I did n't even waste the money to ship them back . I threw them out . Just the block was worth saving . But no good without decent knives . These knives are terrible . Ca n't cut a single thing . The are extremely dull . My knives rusted after the first washing . Spots and stains all over them and they were hand washed and dried . The steak knives just shred at the meat they do n't cut it . Like using a grater to cut your steak . Please do not waste your money on these knives . I will never again look at a Sabatier knife they ripped me off once never again . I 'll save up more money and buy from better knife company . In the mean time the knives I bought at the local dollar store are working better than Sabatier 's
 I thought this was a great deal . But it was too great as it turned out . Not only was the set I bought -LRB- supposedly new -RRB- quite used , it was also missing the bread knife . Boo .
 Bought 2 set . Worst knives I have come across . It 's not sharp . I will never recommend this to anyone .
 i purchesed 20 peice cut wear ' if they were sharp ' they would be excelent ' cant cut butter ; ' by bigmax
 Yes , the price is good for this set I purchased and they are definitely sharp . HOWEVER , before we used them we put them in the dishwasher to be washed . All the knives came out of the dishwasher with RUST on them . We have an excellent dishwasher and no other items we have cleaned have come out of the dishwasher with rust on them . I do n't know if it is typical for this brand to be low quality , or if I just got a defective set . I do n't have the box any longer to get the address in order to file a complaint , so am looking on the internet for it . If anyone does have the address to the company which produces these , please email me .
 These are very cheap knives . Do n't even pay attention to the brand `` Sabatier '' because they should be ashamed to sell junk like these . They come dull , and need sharpening very frequently . They rust if they are in water for more than a few minutes , or sometimes even if you do n't towel dry them immediately after hand washing them . I do n't mind hand washing quality knives , but these just are n't worth it . I got them ... and I wish I 'd just bought one quality knife or put that money towards a decent set .
 I got these knives on time , but one of them from the set was missing and it was probably sharp one . This set sucks for cutting meat , onions , tomatoes , bread ... all the stuff you want to cut cleanly and quickly . Of course I got the set for $ 20 . They MAY be worth that , but definitely not the $ 2xx .00 they claim here . Buy another set !
 I fell for this offer , and sent a set of knives to my daughter-in-law , thinking that I had gotten a great deal on a quality item . After I found out , from Sabatier themselves , that there are many different companies producing knife sets under the name Sabatier , I began to understand why her knives rusted and discolored , even though she was washing them by hand and drying them immediately . Amazon arranged a replacement , and guess what ? Surprise ! The new set is no better ! We are currently arranging a second-and-final return . How embarrassing to have given a crappy gift ! Do n't fall for this one !
 Amazon.com claims these cheap , rust prone knives with plastic handles have a list price of over $ 200 a set.Why is Amazon deceiving its customers ? Does Amazon think that tricking people into buying garbage will encourage people to invest in Amazon.com stock ? Will tricking customers increase good will ? Will tricking customers encourage repeat customers ? If the answers to these questions is yes , Amazon should continue on its present deceiving course , if the answer is no , the head of amazon.com should purchase a quality set of Sabatier knive for everyone that purchased a cheap set of these knive and send the good knives along with an apology to everyone that was tricked by Amazon.coms false and misleading advertising !
 I got these for my college dorm suite 's kitchen . They look like cheap junk , but who cares ? I only wanted functionality.But the knives are really badly balanced . I 'm a vegetarian , so I spend a lot of time chopping onions , tomatoes , etc. . These knives are too light , and it hurt my wrist to use them for more than a few minutes.I wish I had n't bothered with this set . Quality over quantity ... . I 've since replaced them with a chef 's knife/paring knife/break knife set of slightly higher quality . Live and learn.I can see one value for this set
 Amazon has just lost my confidence !! I have been buying things from them for several years , and ALWAYS were satisfied or even delighted . However , these socalled `` SABATIER '' knives have left me absolutely stunned.Sabatier is a highly regarded 500-year-old French company . Whoever made these knives is a Chinese knockoff who has stolen the name , symbol , and even product-line identification -LRB- i.e. ChefStar , etc. -RRB- of the originals.These knives are cheap , plastic-handled , lightweight and do n't even qualify to be called imitations . Tres , tres junque!When I finish this review , I will be digging the carton out of the dumpster so I can send them back . Sadly , I also bought sets for my children for Christmas , and a set of `` Sabatier '' anodized aluminum nonstick cookware with accessories . When it arrives , it will be returned immediately.AMAZON , BE ASHAMED , BE VERY ASHAMED FOR FRONTING THIS SCHLOCK COMPANY .
 Had to return item because this HFD-110 IS an Ionizing air purifier -LRB- and you can not turn this feature off -RRB- , contrary to the Manufacturer 's Description which would have you believe otherwise . Some popular ionizing air cleaners could be hazardous to your health , especial ; y to new babies under 6 months old .
 It works fine at cleaning the air , but it sounds like a lawnmower even on the lowest setting . It 's okay to leave it on the timer when I leave for work , but I could n't sleep with this on , in a different room on a different floor . Not recommended .
 I reviewed dozens of air purifiers in the search for the best , low-price one with a HEPA filter that did not use Ionizing technology -LRB- which appears to be especially risky for people with asthma -RRB- . I purchased the Honeywell HFD-110 Quietclean Tower thinking I had found the perfect match ... that is until the package arrived and the fine print on the box said that this was a `` HEPA-Type '' filter -LRB- ie . NOT a HEPA filter , which means not certified to the high standard of a HEPA filter -RRB- . When you look at the filter up close it looks nothing like the HEPA filters I have seen -LRB- not dense at all , quite the opposite -RRB- . To make matters worse the HFD-110 IS an Ionizing air purifier -LRB- and you can not turn this feature off -RRB- , contrary to the Manufacturer 's Description which would have you believe otherwise , `` Compared to ionic air purifiers , the filter from the HFD-110 captures 12 times more pollutants ... `` Look , I think this would otherwise be a decent Ionizing , Generic-Filter Air Purifier if it was presented honestly in the manufacturer 's description.Considering that I was COMPLETELY MISLEAD into buying exactly what I did not want , I will think twice before ever buying a Honeywell product again !
 My bf and I bought this air filter specifically for the fact we both have asthma and wanted a nice air filter that not only cleaned the air , but would not create ozone . No where in the reviews did it say that it was an ionizer so we bought it . We had it on for one night , it did a great job cleaning the air and was quiet but when I went to go break down the packaging , I noticed teeny tiny print on the bottom of the box that said
 I 've read some alarming material on the negative health effects of ionizers and other air purifiers that create `` ozone , '' so I picked this air purifier since the description did n't say anything about an ionizer or ozone.I received the product and was happy to find that it was in fact as quiet as its name purports . However , as I was reading through the instruction manual , I found hidden in jumble that I 'm sure most people do n't even bother to read that there is apparently some kind of active carbonator or whatnot that -LRB- you guessed it -RRB- emits ozone ! Of course the disclaimer said its levels of ozone emission are within regulation , but the articles I 've read have said that even when you follow the manufacturer 's guidelines , you can still put yourself at risk of trapping too much ozone in a small area.So now I 'm afraid to use my air purifier . I always turn it on when I leave for work with the timer set to turn off before I return home , but I do n't always remember to turn it on in the morning when I 'm rushing to catch my bus , so it has n't been as useful as I hoped when I originally bought the product . I really wish the description on Amazon had been more thorough because I never would have bought this product in the first place if I had known about the active carbon thingy.I also own the Honeywell 17000N and though this product is not as quiet as the the QuietClean , it is a pure air cleaner with no fancy ozone-emitting sideshows , so at least I am able to leave this one on 24/7 without fear of poisoning myself .
 I hope everyone reads this review . If you bought a Honeywell and it works great . If you are one of the customers who bought a Honeywell and it breaks down after the first week you are probably more than a little angry , like myself . They were very polite to me and told me just to ship it back and they would ship me a new one . I got the new one and it makes a few weird noises every once and a while , but on the whole i am satisfied . But I will have to pay double for this purifier if I can not straighten out the shipping problems . -LSB- ... -RSB- was very polite but next time I 'm going to Walmart ; their customer service may make you wait in line but at least you do n't have to go digging through your trash to find a tracking number .
 I am very disappointed in this product and would not recommend it !! The purifier I previously had was like walking out into fresh air -LRB- even living with a smoker -RRB- . It is bad walking into my home now . And the area covered with this one is n't that large . I SHOULD HAVE PAID MORE FOR WHAT I HAD BEFORE AND NOT WASTED THE MONEY ON THIS .
 HI everyone just a quick comment so no one else gets burned like i did.I purchased the hfd-110 about 6 months ago along with the hfd-010 . I spent alot of time researching hepa filters.I did not want a ionising unit due to the negative heath feed back they get.Today i started to try and take mine apart to try and fix the unit because the fans started to make noise and ive now found out that it is a ion/hepa filter.So after all the reading i still was tricked and i have a $ 200 paper weight.Shame on you honeywell ive always had faith in your products .
 The unit is not quiet all the time . Occasionally it sounds like a playing card is flapping against a fan . Other times it runs quietly
 Almost every China made product that I use is of the worst quality and these are no exception . I bought this set and a larger flat baking pan for my wife , THE VERY FIRST TIME I cooked something with either of the flat pans they warped in the oven . When they cool down they flaten out again , so everytime I cook with them I hear a crashing sound from the oven . After reading other reviews on Calphalon , I thought I was buying quality bakeware . Got the packages and saw the fine print reading `` Made in China '' , somehow I knew there was going to be a problem . So I 've decided to ditch this garbage and get something made in the U.S. like pyrex glass bakeware . Its not non-stick , but since non-stick is a PITA to take care of -LRB- ca n't wash in the dishwasher , ca n't stack the pans w / out a protection sheet so they do n't get scratched , etc -RRB- I do n't really care . Non-stick spray is cheap . Do n't get suckered , and perhaps support the U.S. economy at the same time and buy something else.And to the Calphalon lover above
 I had received this set for my Birthday from a friend . When we unpacked the set we noticed the 8 Quart pot was scratched on the interior . This made the non-stick aspect of the pot worthless . I gave the pots back to my friend and he returned them to Amazon and had a new set sent out . When we received the new set the 8 quart pot again had scratches inside the pot . I thought I would contact Calphalon to inquire about the damage and see what they had to say . I called the Calphalon customer service number but was on hold for so long I gave up . In retrospect I would spend the extra money and stay away from the non-stick surfaces with teflon coating which are prone to scratch easily . If you get the Calphalon One Infused-Anodized pans which you will never have to replace let alone deal with the lack of customer service . Remember the old saying `` you get what you pay for . '' I do n't think these non-stick pans will look very good after a years worth of use . If you do choose to buy these pans examine them when you open the box for damage .
 I purchased this set of pots and pans as a christmas gift for my husband . Life has been so busy that we have not had time to open the box until now . The packaging was terrible . Most of ALL of the pots/pans have some sort of scratch . I am furious ! A big purchase like this should be made at the local retail stores . they might cost a little more but in the end you wo n't have to deal with issues like this . I 've never been so disappointed before ! The company who sold this product should not be allowed to sell on Amazon . this is not the service one would expect .
 Was looking into possibly buying this set , but probably not here.The Calphalon website says suggested retail price for this set is $ 299 . Not sure where the inflated suggested retail is coming from . I saw a similar note on another Calphalon review - same situation .
 I purchased this griddle because my old electric griddle had worn out . I wish I had purchased another electric one instead of this . Mine has hot spots that are the bane of anyone who fixes pancakes . My grandsons have been very understanding about the burned spots on their pancakes , but I am not .
 Purchased this griddle in hopes of using it on a brand new Jenn-Aire JED4430WB Electric Radiant Downdraft Cooktop . Prior to using , our brand-new cooktop was unmarred without scratches . After our first and only use , we discovered scratches to the ceramic in the center of the larger of the two stovetop eyes . This one an only use was to fry two eggs at medium to high heat . after removing the griddle , my wife discovered , to our dismay and disappointment , scatches on our brand new stove-top . We immediately tried to remove the scratches with ceramic stovetop cleaner and polish , but to no avail , even after several applications . We now have permanent ceramic scratches where the griddle came into contact with the front burner . Because of this , we decided not the re-use , and gave the griddle away to one of our daughters for use on her gas-burner stovetop . Hopefully she will not have issues using with a gas stovetop . DO NOT RECOMMEND for USE on CERAMIC GLASS Stovetops .
 Was looking for a griddle that would last and do the job , well this one worked great for about a week then I noticed that the pan had bubbles and blisters on the surface and that it was like paint was being rubbed of the edges.Stay away from this product.The pan never had more than a medium flame as I used it mostly to cook bacon , eggs , and grilled sandwiches.I , m going to cast iron .
 I purchased this griddle In August of 2006 and use it every Sunday . There is alot i like about the pan , but one huge problem is it warped . I know you are not suppose to put a hot pan in cool water because that will cause this to happen , but I did not do that . I have a smooth glass top surface to my stove so a warped pan is not good . I do have to say the heat still conducts though the pan to give me even cooking thoughout .
 I have used this griddle for about a year . The surface is now blistering and peeling . I am going to return it directly to the manufacturer and hope that the new one is better performing .
 My son had fallen over several times before we threw out the white chair that comes w / this desk . It is not a very good design and is dangerous .
 I too have to say that this set is not for young children . I bought it because the price was great and it was made of sturdy plastic . But the chair legs are too long and get more narrow at the bottom . My son was constantly tipping the chair over and hurting himself . It is a very sturdy set but I wanted something he could use now and ended up returning the set .
 I bought this set for my 20mth old son thinking it matched his toy box so well . I thought it would look cute and was a decent price . My advice - spend a bit more for wood . The chairs are TERRIBLE ! They are top heavy so everytime my son went to sit in one , it would topple . He started to use the table as support , well that also is top heavy . He couldnt get in the chairs without help nor out of them without them falling over . We even tried weighting down with sand !! I am soo frustrated . Dot waste your time with sand . Does NOT make a big enough difference for me to even bothering dealing with it . It took us an hour to even 1/2 way fill one chair and the plugs underneath the chairs -LRB- thought they were there so people could weight the chairs -RRB- they are impossible to remove ... I had this set exactly ONE day !! I am returning it tomorrow for a wooden set !!
 I am completely floored , so to speak , with the chairs that come with this table ... and so are my 2 and 5 year olds because they always seem to end up on it ! The chairs tip over constantly . They 've hurt themselves when it was on the kitchen floor so I moved it to the family room rug and they still fall over . The chairs are light as a feather . I called Step 2 and they sent me 2 new chairs that they said were better designed . Not !!! When I called them back , they said to fill the chairs with sand ! In my house ? It , unfortunately , is in my basement , awaiting disposal . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT , no matter how much it matches your decor .
 My 2 year old received this as a gift for her 2nd birthday so she would have a place to have tea parties and do crafts . There has not be one time that she has used it when the chair has n't fallen over . They are too unstable and fall over way too easily . The solid plastic design is invincible , but it is also so light that they just tip over at the drop of a hat . I would n't recommend this table to anyone that is trying to buy a SAFE product for their younger child .
 The chairs seem to be too tall and narrow that my kids both have fallen over and hurt themselves ! We no longer use them ... some chairs I bought at the dollar store work so much better ! I wish I would have never bought it.You also have to screw in the legs and if you do n't get it just right the legs wobble .
 The light-weight , hollow plastic construction of the chairs will make your little ones fall over onto the floor every time they try to sit on these chairs . Also , the legs of the chairs are completely vertical -LRB- up and down -RRB- and do not provide much stability further ensuring that your child will fall over . We have pretty much given up using the chairs altogether and have our toddler sit on a box of baby wipes instead . Even though this table set is cute , BUY SOMETHING ELSE INSTEAD .
 I bought this table and chair set to match my 2 year old daughter 's Kitchen and Toy Box but she can never use it . The chairs are too tall for her to get on by herself and they tip over really easily ! Even when her 4 year old cousin came over to play he had a problem getting on the chair ! We ended up selling it at a rummage sell . We are buying a Little Tykes now since the chairs look like they wo n't tip very easily .
 We bought this to go along with the kitchen and it has caused so many accidents in our house . We tried it on the kitchen floor and then move it down to the playroom which is carpeted . The chairs are so light they tip -- add in a toddler 's lack of balance or unrefined gross motor skills and there is an accident waiting to happen . I actually do n't even let anyone play on them anymore.In addition , the set is poorly made . The piece of wood that holds the drawer in place broke off so that it no longer fits in . 2 legs have fallen off.I 'm not sure what sort of plastic paint this has on it but every time I clean it , there is green all over the cleaning cloth . That ca n't be healthy . Especially for kids that are constantly mouthing things .
 We bought this around Christmas time for our 18 mo. old . He was too short at the time to climb on and off himself and fell a few times . I figured it would be fine once he was taller , better at climbing ... nope ! He is over 2years now , 35 in . tall and today tipped over and almost hit his head on the fireplace -LRB- my fault it was too close , but still ! -RRB- These chairs are just not stable . Might be good for a 3 year old ?? Otherwise , I just think it is dangerous and if I still had the box , I would also return/exchange it .
 I love the fact that Step2 makes a table and chair set , to match the Lifestyles step2 kitchen . I have purchased the kitchen for my 3 year old son 's birthday ... and his grandparents purchased the table set to match . Unfortunately , the last two years we have purchased items such as these , from Toys R Us , we get them home only to find out that pieces are missing . I really wish they would do a better job of making sure that everything is in the box . It is a major disappointment when you have spent so much money for only half the product .
 We purchased this table for our 2 and 4 yr . old boys . The table was difficult to assemble as the holes for the screws do not line up correctly . When we finally got it together we found it to be very unstable . The chairs are too tall , and fall over easily . The legs come out of the table making it completely unusable . Our boys have n't touched it in months . This table is a huge disappointment .
 I really liked the idea of this table set - but when we got it home for my busy 20-month old , he had problems sitting in and keeping the chair upright . Just watching him manuver in the chair concerned me so much I put the chairs back in the box . I plan to take the set back .
 i bought this table and chair set for my 2 year old son . I have a few problems with it , first of all the chairs are horrible they tip over very easily my son has fallen off a few times . . Second problem the drawer pulls all the way out why would you make it that way ????? And last but not least the top of the table raised up making it uneven ... If I still had the box I would return this product in a heartbeat ... . save your money ... . After i wrote this review i contacted step 2 and they were very helpful . They sent me out a new table top and two new chairs , which they claimed to have revised ... we will see what happens
 It looked nice to use . When I got this I opened the package and touched the rubber part and it was very sticky , I tried to wash it off , no luck . It must have been stored in the sun and got very hot to melt the rubber . I returned it and got my money back . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 This is a piece of junk like all their other products for the sink . It does n't drain the water right so mildew and mold build up in no time . Hard to clean . Threw it in the trash where it belongs .
 This filter is the same size but seems to be thicker than the original filter . It causes strain on the moter . I ca n't use them .
 I think this filter is probably good , but it was to small for my unit . They do n't seem to carry my size any more , even though it 's a fairly new unit . I was just going by the picture . . It would cost me more to ship it back than It cost for the filter . . Live and learn .
 This filter is not a Hamilton Beach brand , it is a generic filter that is about 1/2 '' -LRB- inch -RRB- smaller in width -LRB- at least the one I received -RRB- leaving a gap when placing filter in the air purifier . I will need to fill in the gap in order for the filter to remain steady .
 This item is continually out of stock and then one finally becomes available but I never receive it . Interesting !
 This is a great little machine , but without the ability to order replacement filters , it 's a waste of money :--LRB- I bought 3 of these units and am stuck .
 I bought 2 of these for my kids rooms to block out some noise -LRB- one of them is a baby ! -RRB- and i used to be able to buy the filters at Target and they stopped carrying them ! I hate having to order these online all the time !
 I bought this everyday pan replacing a 20 year original commercial quality pan . I was amazed how much cheaper this pan is . Even though it has the same part number , Calphalon has significantly reduced the thickness of the pan and the handles . This pan is also now also made in China and not the USA -LRB- of course -RRB- . That must explain the name Contemporary , code for off-shored . In my opinion , it is barely suitable for occasional home use and this replacement pan is unlikely to last 20 years like my original . This version is cheaper , but so is the product . You get what you pay for .
 Owned a model 1382 for 10 + years and loved it . Bought this one to replace the original that was wearing out . First thing noticed is that it is shallower then the original . Second thing noticed , is the weight . Original pan was 3 lb 10 oz while this one is only 2 lb 7 oz . Feels very cheap . Have not used it yet , but far from impressed . Trying to decide to return it or keep it .
 This pan is absolutely horrible if you have a glass top stove . If you look at the bottom of it , you can see that the middle it a little bit higher than the rest of it . That means it will SPIN when you have it on the stove . This causes completely uneven cooking , and if you accidentally get water or other liquids on the bottom of the pan , they 'll squirt out at you at random times when you 're trying to stir . I had always heard Calphalon pans were fantastic , but this one was nothing but a huge disappointment.The handle design is also a big pain , since its impossible to pick up with one hand , but that 's just preference . I was looking for a frying pan to use every day and hoped this would work . It does n't .
 I ordered this pan on two separate occasions from Amazon . Product was advertised as new . Both were received with clear degeneration/defect in the non-stick coating . I was n't willing to risk a third attempt . If you 're purchasing , I 'd recommend another seller than Amazon.I did eventually purchase this pan from Macys , and it 's actual performance is outstanding . We truly use it for everything , everyday . It 's large enough to saut&eacute; a mighty pile of greens while also handling braising duties in fine fashion . Do get the pan , just buyer beware of ordering from here in my experience .
 Coaster Leather Furniture is terrible - very cheap construction!Our Coaster leather couch completely split and continues to crack after only 3 years of gentle use . On the other side of the couch , the seat is compeletely sagging.I tried to get the company to work with me to find a solution but they refused to help me at all . They have shoddy products and they know it . They push it on unsuspecting customers.Terrible - avoid this product.Note that we have a similar couch not exactly the same one
 This came with out the right pieces to attach the legs . The company did n't have any replacement parts - so I need to wait 2 months
 German name , made in China . Not stainless , chrome plated . Blade and drive gear rusted after one cycle through the dishwasher . So much for dishwasher safe.Works OK for opening cans.After a few more cycles through the dishwasher , the opener rusted so badly it completely seized up and will no longer even open .
 This is a nice can opener with a major problem for some people . It has a latch that holds the two handles together . The latch has a very strong spring , which makes it difficult to press . You need to press the latch button to open the handles to place to opener on a can , and then you need to press the button again to remove the opener after the can is opened . If you do not have a problem pressing the latch button , you would find this to be a good can opener . But I could n't use it and had to send it back . Actually , I ca n't review the opener because I never actually used it -- just trying to deal with the too-strong spring was too much .
 I bought two of these blankets . The white one gets white fuzz balls all over what ever it touches , in this case , my daughter 's hot pink Nautica comforter and the navy one , completely covers my son 's khaki Nautica comforter and everything else on his bed with dark blue lint and fuzz balls . I 've washed and dried them at least a dozen times now and each time the washer and the dryer still gets full , really full , of lint and fuzz . Every day I have to use a lint brush on the kid 's beds to get the balls off the sheets , throw pillows etc. . The lint and fuzz even gets on their pajamas . I 've gone through rolls and rolls of lint tape and I have to vacuum all around the beds every time I make them because the little balls roll around the wood floors . It 's been soooo frustrating and I expected more from Nautica . The navy is a perfect match for the rest of my son 's Nautica bedding and I have n't been able to find that nice dark navy color in another brand . I 'm throwing these out . I ca n't even give them away .
 I love the berkey light my friend has one so i figured that i sould get one . the reason for the bad review is that the 2 black filters that came with the berkey and make it work were broken when i opened the box . very disappointing
 the first element broke off the base as i poured water into the berkey . the second broke as i was attempting to lift the top off the bottom section . niether filter had run more than 20 gallons of water . customer service with berkey is near non-existent . a simple photo should be enuf to show them what was wrong with the filter . but no . got to send it back , paying postage of course , then wait for a new filter or two for weeks . both my new filters they sent broke off of the plastic base piece within one week . this product is JUNK . if you needed to rely on it in a survival situation you would be in big trouble .
 We have had ours for 2 years and it has developed a crack around the spicket piece that it leaking water . I am currently changing a towel under it once or twice a day until we can afford a replacement . As far as the water quality , its amazing ! It does take a long time to filter but you would never notice if you just keep the top full . We leave a pitcher next to it at all times and whenever we notice the top is low we dump a pitcher into it . We have also attched the optional fluoride filters to the carbon filters because fluoride IS VERY TOXIC and SHOULD NOT BE IN OUR DRINKING WATER ! That is why we chose Berkely in the first place and will be purchasing another soon , only this time we will go with the stainless steel .
 The elements seem good for filtering water , but will not remove flouride . The parts are all very flimsy especially the plastic tap , which seems like it will wear out quickly . The lid is just a nylon cap that slips over the top . For $ 209 I expected more . BEWARE , you will NOT get the 2 extra elements as stated in the description . I e-mailed a representative of this company , he nicely told me it was a mistake by Amazon that could not be changed . Take that for what it 's worth .
 We purchased a Berkey for our household . We have well water that has slight odor and taste . The water from the Berkey tastes great!Unfortunately , the black filters fell apart-in less than 3 months ! After checking the website and finding they were defective , I sent an email and was sent replacement filters and returned the used , broken filters . We were able to enjoy our filtered water again ! That was , up until a few days ago when I found the replacement filter broken -LRB- just as the previous filter was -RRB- . This set also lasted about 3 mos . much less than the websites ' claim of 3,000 gallons of water!The company has a new `` prorated warranty '' for the filters and will replace them , possibly for free based on the amount of time you have had them , after you fill out some paperwork and send your filters back . Mine would be free , but after this experience , I do not have much trust in the company . Who has time for this every few months?They admitted their product was defective , replaced it-with yet another defective product , combined with a customer service phone number that no one answers and no returned phone calls , I feel ripped off ! I just wish I could get a refund and return their products , but nope , I 'm outside the 60-day limit and they will not allow a refund on the defective filters either!Truly Disappointed !
 I bought two of these blankets . The white one gets white fuzz balls all over what ever it touches , in this case , my daughter 's hot pink Nautica comforter and the navy one , completely covers my son 's khaki Nautica comforter and everything else on his bed with dark blue lint and fuzz balls . I 've washed and dried them at least a dozen times now and each time the washer and the dryer still gets full , really full , of lint and fuzz . Every day I have to use a lint brush on the kid 's beds to get the balls off the sheets , throw pillows etc. . The lint and fuzz even gets on their pajamas . I 've gone through rolls and rolls of lint tape and I have to vacuum all around the beds every time I make them because the little balls roll around the wood floors . It 's been soooo frustrating and I expected more from Nautica . The navy is a perfect match for the rest of my son 's Nautica bedding and I have n't been able to find that nice dark navy color in another brand . I 'm throwing these out . I ca n't even give them away .
 Receved ice maker filled with water turned on went to store came back home to find water all over floor . The piece of junk ruind brand new floor JUNK CHINA CRAP
 This ice maker was rated at 5 stars so , we bought two - one for the office and one for home . The one at home worked well for 10 months and then the ice shovel broke . A piece of plastic that conected the shovel to the motor that rotated the shovel broke off . The shovel wo n't work so , no more ice . The part can not be bought so , as a result I am out the cost of the machine for a cheap piece of plastic . Remember , I said we bought 2 machines . The ice machine at the office made it 6 months before the exact same thing happened . This is the worst investment I have made in a long time . I have read the reviews of the other ice makers and there are others with the same complaint about other brands as well . My advice is do n't buy this type of ice maker no matter who makes it .
 This machine seemed like an excellent buy at first . It makes nice soft chewy ice cubes in three selectable sizes . However , the machine broke down within a year . Customer service replaced the parts free of charge the first time , but the machine just broke down again . It 's no longer under warranty . So basically , this machine lasted just 16 months.The machine breaks easily because the movable parts , that is , the water tray and its connector to the stepping motor are made out of brittle plastic . The minute a piece of ice gets stuck in such a manner as to prevent the tray from pushing the ice down into the bucket , the motor does n't sense the problem and continues to push forward until one of these parts cracks.The machine did pay for itself if you count that we use 15 bags of ice a month at 1.50 a bag .
 Save your money and do n't buy this . I 've had two so far and each has stopped working in about a month .
 The machine worked perfectly for awhile . After 6 months it stopped . Come to find out , the water pump was defective . Unfortunately , the part is not available to purchase , so we had to discard the machine .
 This machine is wonderful , however it took me two machines to find that out . The smell in the machine when you first get it horrible . You absolutely must clean the machine using the cleaning cycle at least 10 times before you use the ice from it . On my first machine I used the cleaning cycle 3 times and still did not get rid of the odor -LRB- which permeates your ice , by the way -RRB- . I finally had to use straight white vinegar in the cleaning cycle to get the odor out . On top of that , I used an air purifier aimed directly into the machine for several hours . That put a high ozone content in there to eat up the chemical odor that is in the plastic . I finally have a machine that works .
 The ice maker produces ice great , but breaks approx every 6 months . The warranty covered the part the first time but when the same part broke the second time 6 months later the manufacturer said the warranty had expired and there was nothing they could do about it . So now I have a $ 225 water jug . THANKS ALOT SPT !
 The one that I purchased for a friend died in 2 weeks and needed repair . The one that I purchased for myself lasted longer but died in 10 months . They leak from the bottom so much that I had to place paper towels underneath to soak up the water . Not a great product in my humble estimation ... especially since it was a bit costlier that other similar brands .
 Had this ice maker for only 3 months and it stopped working . The warranty is supposed to be for a year but you have to pay for the shipping to send it in for repairs . They sent instructions to check the motor however the diagrams do n't match the product we have . Also the warranty says it is not valid if repaired by unauthorized person . So does the warranty not apply if we start taking it apart as their instructions say . Would not recommend this product . Expected it to last at least through the warranty period if not longer .
 I have had this ice maker for almost 11 months.On the plus side , it makes lots of ice . The ice is hollow and soft . If you are an ice chewer , this is good.On the negative side , it is heavy and loud . My wife calls it the beast when it is running . I have had several problems with it . The latest is the ice shovel not working properly . The manufacturer will repair it IF you send the machine in at YOUR expense . They do not extend the warranty of they make a repair.In , my case , I have one month left on the warranty . If I send it in and it breaks upon return , it is my problem . Shipping is about $ 45 because of weight and you have to pay it.My recommendation is to see if you can find a better machine .
 The ice maker works great for 7 months , making plenty of ice but after that it just stops working . Do not waste your money on this one
 Bought this unit for my wife . It was fine for a year plus . Then it quit !!! Talked with the company , they sold us a tray and sync motor ... did n't solve the problem . After MANY emails and paying for parts , they needed to see the machine . For almost $ 200 , including parts , shipping and labor , they would get it fixed . Lets see ... $ 40 already , $ 200 more to repair ... cost of a new one . $ 235 ... . no brainer for me . Of course , screw me once , your fault ... again ... my fault . That just is n't going to happen . Will find another brand , or just use ice trays . Not a happy camper and can you guess ? Would NEVER purchase this product again ... do n't be fooled ... it is n't worth it !!!!!! Lesson learned !!!!!!!!!!!!
 I never write reviews.This came damaged . Okay , so be it , things come shipped damaged . I got it from the warehouse at a cheaper deal . Shipping is not a reflection of the product but ... All I have to say is that when I started using it , it felt cheap . The buttons are not tangible . You ca n't tell if you 're pressing it in or not . The whole construction of the ice maker does n't feel solid . I was worried one of the panels was going to come off . It feels like a anvil-heavy crappy plastic robot halloween costume head rather than a tough machined piece of furniture.Just overall when you get something you know you 're in good hands when it feels solid and well made.This just was n't , so I returned it and got a refund .
 I bought two of these blankets . The white one gets white fuzz balls all over what ever it touches , in this case , my daughter 's hot pink Nautica comforter and the navy one , completely covers my son 's khaki Nautica comforter and everything else on his bed with dark blue lint and fuzz balls . I 've washed and dried them at least a dozen times now and each time the washer and the dryer still gets full , really full , of lint and fuzz . Every day I have to use a lint brush on the kid 's beds to get the balls off the sheets , throw pillows etc. . The lint and fuzz even gets on their pajamas . I 've gone through rolls and rolls of lint tape and I have to vacuum all around the beds every time I make them because the little balls roll around the wood floors . It 's been soooo frustrating and I expected more from Nautica . The navy is a perfect match for the rest of my son 's Nautica bedding and I have n't been able to find that nice dark navy color in another brand . I 'm throwing these out . I ca n't even give them away .
 I actually bought an EL7001 . A 2-cent clip that joins the power head to the wand broke off , and we tried an Electrolux store for repairs . They told us `` Oh , we do n't handle those -- they 're made by Eureka . If you want a REAL Electrolux , bring it in for a trade-in . '' Now , would you buy anything from idiots like that ?? The vacuum is now worthless , because the power head wo n't stay on . One star is more than they 're worth .
 This vacuum is shoddily made from cheap plastic . After only two months with it -LRB- using it only once a week -RRB- it is already being duct-taped . The extender is connected to the handle with a flimsy little piece of plastic , meaning that it disconnects during the push and pull of normal vacuuming . Air rushes around the buttons on the handle , which means that the hose is not sealed off , while the powerful carpet attachment spews debris back at your feet.While there is no such thing as an ergonomically correct vacuum , this is one of the worst . The canister rolls fine on hardwood and tile floors , but is too heavy and ponderous for carpet or rugs -LRB- no matter how thin -RRB- . The unit does not turn well and then lags behind you , meaning that it gets jerked along as you vacuum -LRB- not a unit for apartments or smaller spaces -RRB- running into your legs , scarring furniture , and knocking things over . The rolly-polly design of the canister unit causes it to tip over quite often , while the carpet attachment is FAR too heavy and bulky to be of any use -- and the ` power control ' mechanism drags you across the floor . This leaves only the lighter , brush attachments , which means that the vacuum picks up NOTHING . Lastly , the power cord retracts itself while you vacuum -- without you pushing the retract button -- meaning that the plug gets jerked out of the wall every five feet.And I have just learned that this is NOT an American Electrolux . Instead , it is manufactured by a foreign company with no customer service to speak of . I strongly recommend that customers AVOID this product .
 The suction on this machine seems like it should be up to par , but the design of the attachments leaves an air gap between the wand and the attachments so that the only way to get 100 % suction out of them is to tape around the exposed gap . At the list price , you should not have to do anything to it !! The beater bar attachment does not have this problem and seems to work fine .
 Powerhead spinning brush wore out within 3 months , due to construction made of plastic parts , where metal parts should have been . If you buy this vacuum , expect lots of regular repairs . Even the Electrolux repair facilities who repaired it acknowledged this was a piece of crap .
 If giving this machine no stars was an option , that 's the one I 'd choose for this one . The only thing that 's good about this vacuum cleaner is the cord retractor . It doesn ' t come with a hard floor attachment . You have to buy that extra . The suction is ok ... to a certain point . . but then it will ride over something leaving it where it is . The onboard crevice too and little brush are handy enough to use but when you want to remove it , it 's extremely hard to do . I had to use a pair if pliers to get the crevice tool off of the wand . But the most aggravating thing about this machine is the fact that the hose does not swivel . When you want to change direction the hose bends & crimps cutting off the suction . Oh ! Did I mention the weight ? This vacuum cleaner is very heavy . When you look at it , it 's hard to imagine why it 's soooo heavy . This was a bad decision to buy this , but I 've had it for a while now and am stuck with it . Finally , I NEVER write reviews on products that I buy , it is too time consuming to sit and decde what to say . But this vacuum cleaner aggravates me so much , I decided to sit down and write one . Do yourself a favor when looking for a new vacuum cleaner ... Keep looking , this is not a good buy .
 Bought this vacuum in 2010 from Amazon , based on high rating in Consumer Reports . At first I loved it -- it is lightweight and has excellent suction . Unfortunately the functional parts are made of cheap plastic and they break - ALOT . The cheap plastic clamp that connects the powerhead to the wand breaks constantly , rendering the powerhead useless -LRB- I can only vacuum bare floors now - not carpet -RRB- . Having now read user reviews on several websites , this is an incredibly common problem with this vacuum . Also the plastic release pedal breaks . Repairs not terribly expensive , but they are constant . Done with this vacuum .
 We purchased this vacuum and have had problems with it all the time . You would think this company would have tested it but I guess not . For me one the biggest problem is the hose coming out the canister is kinked all the time . There is no way to fix it except to make sure it is not kinked while you use it . That is difficult . I just ca n't see spending this much money and not getting a really good vacuum . A lot of the other people that have complaints about this vacuum are correct . Do not buy this vacuum . It is too expensive for what you get .
 We used the Electrolux Oxygen for three years . We burned through three cheaply built pipe sections -LRB- the electrical connection pins fell out after a few months -RRB- . The left wheel of the floor brush disappeared sometime during the first half-year of use . The attachment caddy broke off . The cord stopped retracting as soon as the warranty ran out.But , most significantly , the hose is a poorly designed and built piece of crap . The suction adjustment sometimes worked . After two years , the wires embedded in the hose began to come apart , giving intermittant connection to the carpet head motor -LRB- I had to carry the vacuum by the hose to maintain the connection -RRB- . After the connection fully failed , replacing the hose turned out to be a nightmare . An Amazon-sponsored vendor listed one for $ 77 . The vendor 's Web site said it was $ 77 , with free shipping . The vendor 's Cart rang it up for $ 88 plus $ 22 shipping , with no way to change the total . The hose I ultimately ordered directly from Amazon arrived with a non-visible defect . When I ran the carpet attachment , the joint where the hose handle connects to the first pipe quickly heated up , An acrid smell of burnt plastic came out of the vacuum . The bad connection melted everything around it , could have started a fire , and ruined the pipe section attached to it . The entire vacuum was now not worth repairing , considering its costly maintenance history.Fortunately , Amazon accepted the return of the hose for a refund . The search is on for a new vacuum cleaner . But , the replacement will cost less than the $ 300 + of the Electrolux Oxygen , and it certainly wo n't be an Electrolux .
 I purchased this vacuum after doing a lot of research . I was needing to replace my Kenmore Progressive Canister , which is falling apart after 6 years of use . I did not want another Kenmore because I had trouble finding the replacement filters , both in Sears and online . The pros
 This is vacuum is pure junk . After only 5 months of light use the attachment to the motorized brush just fell apart . This is a common problem with this vacuum . There is no quality here that you would expect from Electrolux . Research reveals that it is made by Eureka . The use of the Electrolux name is just pure deception to capitalize on the Electrolux name . When I took the vacuum in for repair you should see all the Electrolux Oxygen models lined up for repairs . Take a look at -LSB- ... -RSB- for similar complaints DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE .
 I purchased this vacuum based on the strong review it received from Consumer Reports . I should have known better . Consumer Reports is too PC . Consumer Reports seems to have missed the reliability issue with this vacuum . I would not recommend it .
 I 've had an electrolux oxygen for almost 2 years . It 's a fine vacuum for the most part , in that it cleans floors adequately . However , it is certainly not worth the price in my opinion . It has a major design flaw . The carpet roller picks up hair and it gets wrapped around it , which is understandable . I do have two women in my household with long hair , but that is not abnormal . You would think that this would simply mean that you periodically have to clean the hair off the roll . However , the design makes it possible for the hair to get into the bearings of the roller and the belt that drives it . This means that every few times I use the vacuum I am forced to sit down and take the cleaning head apart , removing the roller , and cleaning the belt and bearings . Having to take it apart roughly once a month seems a little ridiculous to me seeing that it 's a vacuum and it 's sole purpose is to clean floors . I would expect such an expensive vacuum to be able to handle a little hair , or at least make it possible for me to clean the hair out without taking the whole head apart . Even this inconvenience was n't too bad , but today I am fed up . I tried to vacuum and it made a loud noise on the carpet setting . when I took it apart one of the bearings for the roller seized from the hair , causing the plastic casing around it to melt . I was annoyed , and called the electrolux customer service line . The customer service person suggested that I clean up the hair before running the vacuum on the floors to avoid the problem in the future . She actually suggested that I clean the floors before I CLEAN THE FLOORS . She then offered to help me order replacement parts -LRB- which I have to pay for -RRB- . You would think that a company that sold me a $ 400 vacuum could send me an little piece of black plastic and a 25 cent bearing for free . To add to that , their computer system is down and I am now waiting for the person to call me back so that they can take my money so I can fix their defective product . Obviously hair on the roller is inevitable , but why not design it so that hair ca n't work its way into the bearings and the drive belt?Overall , between the inferior product and the poor customer service , I will personally never buy anything made by electrolux again , and I encourage you , the reader , to do the same.If I could go back I would buy a cheap vacuum in place of the electrolux oxygen . They are n't noticably worse at cleaning floors , and the cheap one would probably be broken by now as well , and their customer service is probably equally not helpful , but I could have vacuums for the next decade for the $ 400 I spent on this useless lump of plastic .
 What a nightmare Electrolux 's Oxygen canister vacuum is . Soon after we got it , the hose began spitting out junk because the light alerting you that the bag was full never went on . The entire wand was stuffed full , and it was almost impossible to get it out.We should have known it was a lemon then . But no , we had to wait five months after our purchase for another piece to break connecting the wand to the beater . And lo , Electrolux could n't even get a replacement part to our vendor because I guess its Chinese factory did n't have any on hand . It 's been over six weeks and we still do n't have the vacuum repaired , despite talking to Vanessa , Adam and Brenda of Electrolux . We demanded a refund for this lemon but all we heard from them is it is not their problem.Well it is their problem because anyone who buys this machine is making a big mistake . Do n't buy Electrolux 's Oxygen Canister Vacuum !
 I have had this vacuum about one year . I gave it a favorable review before ... but ... It has literally fallen apart . The hose connection -LRB- the little prongs that fit together -RRB- has snapped off , so the beater head does n't work . It has poor suction . The pile height adjustment is difficult to step through , and never seemingly the correct height for bare floors or carpet . If you have it adjusted incorrectly at all it will not pick up anything . You have to be sure to cut off the beater head motor before going to bare floors or it shoots particals out the back and across the floor . It also has an uncomfortable handle , it kind of seperates and is very irritating to hold.I have tried to order a new part for the electrical connector and can not find anyone who understands what I am talking about . I ordered a couple connectors on line based on a very cryptic outline of the machine , and none that arrive were the correct ones . I am looking for another brand now . I am tired of fooling around with it . I like cannisters for stair cleaning and bare floor to carpet transistions . I hear Kenmore is good . Anyone know about them ?
 I 've had this vacuum for about 6 months , and have used it about once a week . Small home , just two of us . The vacuum keeps tripping itself off , and on this last occasion , it appears I ca n't get it to reset . Headed off to the repair shop now .
 My purchase of this product turned into a nightmare . I bought the product because it was a Consumer Reports `` best buy '' . After using it 2 or 3 times , something broke in the rug attachment . I called the brand 's customer service number and the automated system provided names of 2 repair facilities . One never returned my call and the other said they could n't help me after telling me on the phone that they could and to bring the vacuum in . I called customer service a second time to speak to a rep who gave me two additional names of service centers to call . Both said they only dealt with central vac systems . I called a third time to see how I could return the product because there did n't appear to be any service options in my city . I was given the name of yet another service center . I told her I just wanted to return the item and she asked if I had tried changing the belt . I was incredulous . Why would I try that after owning the product for a month ? There were no return options so I tried the 5th service center . This one was able to help me , but told me it might be a month before the part came in because the company was slow to ship . In the course of my desperate search for service , I found out that the vacuum is really a `` Eureka '' , not a true Electrolux like some higher-end models . Now that I 've used the `` repaired '' vacuum a few more times , the motor already sounds like it 's getting louder and clanky . I 'm sure I 'll be replacing it as soon as the warranty period expires . My experience with this product and company has been frustrating , disappointing and a horrible waste of time . It 's definitely been one of the worst purchases I 've ever made . Stay away !
 This is perhaphs the poorest vacuum I have ever owned . Even on the thinnest pile rugs , this vac . has trouble picking up dirt . The self-propel feature on the rug attachment pulls the vac along like a lawn mower , making maneuverability difficult . The `` low '' setting is not sufficiently low to remove dirt from newer , thin rugs . The step feature to release the rug attachment is difficult to use , requiring many attempts to release . The wood floor attachment is too tall , not fitting under baseboards or the front of kitchen appliances . The hose is so pliable that it always kinks , and the power cord is very short compared to other vacuum 's .
 I am very disappointed ! I thought I was splurging for the Electrolux because I have always had a great respect for them but this model has a flimsy hose , the carpet piece has little or no suction at the edges -LRB- including the front edge -RRB- , two of the attachment tools are housed in the hose handle and fall off all the time and there is no place to put the bare floor attachment and the handle is very awkward and uncomfortable . I am ready to go back to my old faithful Kenmore . The only good think about it is that it is light weight . Not the Electrolux I have known for most of my life.Electrolux EL6988E Oxygen Canister Vacuum
 Hose is extremely flimsy -- when you try to pull the canister around , the hose always kinks at the base where it attaches to the vacuum . There 's extra hose support where it attaches to the wand , but not at the base . This does not make any sense.The bags are very small . This is especially useless if you have a dog.You can not lay the wand flat in order to vacuum under tables , sofas , beds etc. . . The wand has a large , awkward lever near the base that prevents the wand from laying flat or even close to to flat . This completely defeats one of the biggest benefits of having a canister vacuum.The wand attachments constantly fall out of the recesses on the handle where they clip in for storage.The power cord is shorter than average.I can not recommend avoiding this vacuum highly enough .
 This vacuum works well . However , it has a plastic clamp for the carpet beater attchment which is easily broken . Ours broke within 4 months . We contacted an Electrolux certified dealer who was surly and rude . He told us not to call him - he would call us when the replacement part under warranty came in . We are still waiting for the call . I contacted Electrolux on Facebook . They said they would contact me to resolve the situation . I never heard from them again . My husband found the part on line for $ 2.00 . We bought 10 , and we have used 3 so far . I will never buy another Electrolux product since they ca n't be bothered with their customers .
 After reading the reviews , I decided to purchase one of these vacuum units . There is a `` C '' clamp that fastens the powerhead to the shaft . Unfortunately , this keeps falling off . Sometimes the vacuum will pick it up and you have to search for it in the debris bag . I did find a website and ordered three more of these clamps but really you should not need to worry about it at all . Vacuum cleaners are meant to be pulled around and they unfortunately run into things . They are not made to be weak and fragile . Electrolux made a huge design error when this clip was made . You will have problems with this little annoying piece of plastic . As for the rest of the vacuum , the suction is above average , cleaning capability is good . The attachments are useful and are very handy . The other downside is the size of the debris bag . It is no bigger than a microwave popcorn bag and fills quickly .
 I BOUGHT THIS VACUUM THINKING I WAS GETTING MY MOTHERS ELECTROLUX ! IT WAS ON SALE !!! BOY YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR . I COULD NOT GET THE BAGS , THEN WHEN IT BROKE I COULD NOT GET THE PARTS . I CALLED THE ELECTROLUX DEALER NEAR MY HOME . AND HE EXPLAINED IT WAS MADE BY EUREKA !!! IF I WANTED THE REAL ELECTROLUX I HAD TO LOOK FOR AERUS ELECTROLUX . BOY IS THIS DECIEVING !! I RETURNED IT AND BOUGHT AN AERUS AND ARE VERY HAPPY .
 `` The unique power head system has a separate motor that drives it , giving Oxygen Ultra maximum cleaning performance . Oxygen Ultra has a durable brush roll and long-life belt to extend the life of the vacuum and leave you with deep cleaned carpets . `` This is how Electrolux describes the carpet cleaning capabilities of this vacuum cleaner.Another way to describe it is `` Does n't stop if you are lucky '' . The main differences between these two statements is thatthe latter is correct.What happens is that you turn on the brush rolls using the controls on the handle . So far , so good . What happens next isthat you dry to clean the carpet , and it works for about ... 5-10 seconds . Then the rolls turn off , and all lamps on the vacuum starts to blink , and all control buttons on the handle cease to function.After this your only choice is to unplug the vacuum cleaner , plug it back in and go for another 5-10 seconds.This also happens if you detach the wand . Once detached , the blinking of lamps commence , and you can no longercontrol it . Not even shut it off , with less than unplugging it.It is fairly quite , and gets the job done , but with a lot of frustration . + Fairly quite + Suction is good - Carpet brushes do not work for more than 5-10 seconds - Handle controls stop working when detaching wand , rolls stop working , or just randomly for no apparent reason . - Trying to get in contact with Elextrolux is harder than booking a trip to North Koreaps.Yes , I have checked the bag , the rolls , the wand and everything else that needs checking .
 What you people do n't understand is that these are not the same electrolux products from past years . These Electrolux sweepers are nothing more than a Eureka that is made today . Original Electrolux sweepers in the past were a high quality American made product that lasted for years whereas the new Electrolux or Eureka is a junk made plastic sweeper from the Sweds that fall apart within a couple years . Here is the history.The Electrolux vacuum brand began in Sweden , and did not come to the United States until 1924 . It brought with it ideas that were new in Sweden but were not new in America , such as door-to-door sales and pay-over-time plans . There were other vacuum cleaner companies in the United States at the time that were already doing these things , but the Electrolux vacuum company still prospered very quickly , while continuing operations in Sweden and also moving into Berlin . While how the vacuums got to this country is very straightforward , what has taken place since then is more complicated . The company that manufactured Electrolux vacuum cleaners is now known as Aerus LLC , and has been known by that name since 2001 . The Electrolux name is still used in the United States , but it now belongs to the Electrolux Group of Sweden , a company that also manufactures the Eureka brand . In between the company coming to the United States and the change of name in 2001 there were other company changes and name changes , such as the company being bought by the Sara Lee Corporation in 1968 , back when it was still called The Consolidated Foods Corporation.As for the products , though , they have remained high quality and realistically priced throughout the time that they have been in this country , and they are still there today . In the 1960s , Electrolux marketed their products to the United Kingdom under the slogan `` nothing sucks like an Electrolux . '' Many people in America believed that this was a huge marketing blunder , but the negative connotation of that word is generally only in America , and Electrolux was well-aware of the possibility of a double-entendre in the UK . The slogan was deliberate and designed to get attention , and it succeeded in trying to do that . The Electrolux vacuum brand sold very well in the UK for some time and is still sold over there . Now that the Swedish Electrolux company has its trademark back from the United States , it sells its products in that country and in Canada as well , along with a long list of other products under various brand names.Most people were not aware of the ` change in ownership ' that took place when the American Electrolux company gave up the trademark and the Swedish Electrolux took over . There was no interruption in the sales of Electrolux products and no confusion . Electrolux products are still sold door-to-door as well , and one can not simply walk into a standard retail store and purchase an Electrolux vacuum cleaner or parts or accessories for one . In addition , the Electrolux brand is more expensive than many other brands on the market , as well as somewhat more cumbersome . Despite this , however , it has a loyal consumer following in every country that it markets to and has a strong reputation for quality , reliability , and durability . All of these are good selling points that not all vacuum manufacturers have been able to boast . Electrolux vacuums are not the ` disposable ' vacuums that consumers often buy at retail stores and are simply thrown away when they stop working , only to be replaced with another cheap vacuum cleaner . Electrolux vacuums are built to last and they are right up there with competitors like Oreck Vacuums . Quality often costs more , but this has not been a problem for the consumers that have purchased Electrolux vacuum cleaners .
 Excellent , polite customer service and very speedy processing . This product received is exactly as pictured . However , I am not pleased . It is constantly broken ... extremely poor design and engineering . Sloppy manufacturing . The motor burnt out three times . The parts are very cheap plastic ... but looks excellent and elegant . Too bad ! I feel I was ripped off.Never will I buy Electrolux again ! .
 I 've used this vacuum for 5 months now . The attachments do n't store in the vacuum . The plastic hose seems very cheap and difficult to manuever when using . The connection to the carpet sweeper is now not working and have to take it in to a local vacuum repair shop . I 've owned a Hoover , and Kenmore canister vacuum and find these vacuums to be superior to the Electrolux . One positive to the Electrolux is its size .
 When it is working , it works well . But with in a total of 9 months of use , the vacuum blew a motor -LRB- ~ 3-4 months , -RRB- and had to go for warranty repair . This took about a month to repair and 200 miles of driving to drop off the device , and pick it up . Now this Sunday it is overheating again and a change bag light is on . We changed both to a new bag , and a new HEPA filter , but the light wo n't go off . Will have to call the new , certainly not improved , Electrolux company to see what to do next , but it does n't seem to be a customer reparable issue .
 The plug retractor has broken . The carpet tool did n't work from the beginning . It has 3 levels but the lights did not show which level you were in and then the light just quit . I do n't think the beater brush has ever worked . I thought Electrolux would be a good product . I am still using it but without the carpet tool .
 As has been pointed out by others - - but I 'll say it again - - this is n't really an Electrolux vacuum cleaner . It is a Eureka low - to mid-range vacuum with many design flaws . It is hard to understand how Electrolux would allow its once-excellent name to be associated with this embarrassing product line.Let me say that after five years of keeping the Electrolux parts dealers in business , I 've had enough and gone with a Kenmore unit that cost half what the Oxygen did , but is clearly superior in construction and design . For one thing , the Kenmore has a METAL pipe between the handle and power head - - not plastic.The recurring problems I had with the Oxygen had mostly to do with the very flimsy electrical path between the handle and the power head . The connectors seem to wear rapidly , soon shorting and producing heat - - probably from dangerous electrical arcing . I 've had to replace the plastic handle pipe more than once because shorting melted it ! Also , the piece connecting the power head to the handle column is made of plastic , so that , one day , it cracked and the entire handle assembly broke free . Note that this vacuum cleaner saw only routine , typical household use . It was not treated roughly.Had Electrolux -LRB- or Eureka -RRB- built a sturdy handle and electrical system for this unit , choosing metal over plastic , the Oxygen could have been a much better product . The cannister and motor seem to be of good quality . The electrical problems between the handle and power head are reason to stay away.Also , be aware that the bag is about the size of a grapefruit.I highly recommend that you look at the Kenmore 29319 -LRB- Orange -RRB- vacuum . It 's nothing like the Electrolux bruisers from 30-40 years ago , but for the money , it is superior to the Oxygen .
 When this vacuum is working it is an excellent performer . But ours has burned out twice in dramatic fashion . The electronics in the handle that control the power head fry themselves by spitting sparks and smoke into the room . The result is a completely scorched , melted and disintegrated electrical connector point when you detach the handle to further investigate . The first time this happened I counted it as a fluke after 12 months of use . Customer service politely sent us a new hose and we were back in business then exactly 12 months later it happened again . One week after the warranty expiration . This time customer service was not too keen to help even after the potential fire hazard . Luckily we bought this from a large chain buying club store who were happy to take the unit back and refund me . It appears the gauge of the electrical connections is not robust enough to handle the current going through the system . Not properly engineered and a fire hazard as well . Beware !
 The product name at the time I ordered it from Amazon was Electrolux EL6988E Oxygen3 Canister.The model that arrived was the older EL6988D model . Make sure you get the model number you expected .
 Attractive design , compact , quiet , efficient , versatile . BUT the electrical connection from body to carpet brush is flimsy . It failed once -LRB- just out of warranty of course -RRB- and now it 's failing again . I wo n't get it fixed and I wo n't buy another -LSB- Eureka -RSB- Electrolux .
 After the Electrolux vacuum that was handed down from me from my mother finally crapped out , I decided to buy another Electrolux because the last one lasted 20 years . I did n't realize at the time that the oxygen is made by a totally different company . Well , I am fairly disappointed in this vacuum and I guess $ 400 does n't get you much these days . While the power head is fine on carpet , it is too bulky and clumsy for hardwood floors , which is 80 % of my house surfaces . When I switch to the hardwood attachment , it `` pressure-fits '' on , which means there is nothing to lock it into place . EVERY SINGLE TIME I AM CLEANING HARDWOODS , the hardwood attachment will fall off and I will have to crawl under a bed , or a dresser , or the TV stand to retrieve it . When I first got the vacuum , I thought I might be missing a piece that would connect the handle to the attachment ... this vacuum just does n't make sense !!
 We purchased this vacuum cleaner and were greatly disappointed for the price of $ 500.00 . The bags are very small and fill up fast , and also cost $ 7.00 for 5 bags . It is extremely difficult to snap and unsnap the connections of this vacuum . Took several people to hold it to unassemble when we returned the item.The power nozzle shorted out several times on me , I think it may have to do with the fact that it is so difficult to snap and unsnap the utensils on this vacuum.I have owned an electrolux for over 30 years , it has been a name brand in our home for over 70 years - I will not buy another electrolux vacuum - I will repair my trusty older model or switch brands .
 Let me first say that this is not the vacuum that I selected and ordered from the Amazon site . It is , however , the vacuum that I received . A bit more on that later.Our 15 year-old Hoover canister stopped sucking . In looking for a replacement , my thought was that I would n't mind vacuuming so much if I found just the right one . So I began comparison shopping and reading hundreds of reviews of buyers on Amazon and other sites -LRB- yeah , I know , I should get a life -RRB- . Our house is fairly large with mostly hardwood and slate floors with minimal area rugs and carpeting . It 's out in the country with kids and dogs running in and out , so the floors get a ton of stuff tracked onto them . After much review , I was between a Miele model and Electrolux ' UltraSilencer model . I could n't bring myself to spend that much on the Miele , so I decided on the UltraSilencer . I liked that it was very quiet , lightweight , and was intended specifically for hard surface floors . Also , a major reason that I selected it was because , at the time , it had many positive buyer reviews on Amazon and other sites . So , I placed the order and received my normal Amazon notice that it had been shipped . And nothing came . Contacted the seller by email and was told that a mistake had been made on their end and that it would be sent out immediately along with a `` bonus '' for my troubles . Frankly , I assumed that the bonus would simply be an additional attachment or some extra vacuum bags . As it turned out , they had `` run out '' of the UltraSilencer model and decided to send Electrolux ' Oxygen model instead . I guess the `` bonus '' had to do with the fact that it had a slightly higher retail price at the time . Problem was ... I had much earlier eliminated the Oxygen model from consideration due to its many negative buyer reviews . Way too many comments of mechanical failure and repair problems - and many breaking down within weeks/months of purchase.Well , I 'm sorry to say that I allowed myself to be `` bought . '' The seller was unable to get more UltraSilencer models and offered a VERY substantial refund of the money I 'd paid for the UltraSilencer if I would just keep the Oxygen model . I figured what I ended up saving with this deal could be put toward repairs if it turned out to be the lemon indicated in the reviews.And ... meh ... I do wish now that I 'd sent it back for a full refund . I 've had this Oxygen model for about 6 weeks now . The only non-working part is the `` empty bag '' indicator . Did n't break ... just arrived not working . Not a biggie for me.The things I like and dislike ? The hard surface floor attachment is nice - it has lots of soft bristles and is really wide so it makes for quick coverage of the floors . Also , it is low enough to fit under most of our furniture - something most of the other vacuums could n't do . Only problem is that since the attachment is so wide , the suction is less concentrated . It does fine on fluffs of dog fur , but not as well on slightly heavier stuff like grit or tiny pieces of mulch or gravel . With the small attachments , the suction of the vacuum itself is strong and works well.The power brush was something I did n't think I needed ... but it turns out that I really like having it for area rugs and the small amount of carpet we do have . Some reviewers indicated problems with the attachment of the power brush to the wand ; but it actually attaches and works much better than the one on my previous Hoover canister.Other Amazon reviewers complained about the hose and at the time I really did n't get what the big problem was . Well , let me tell you , it 's a HUGE pain in the butt . I ca n't imagine why they engineered it this way , but the hose is n't attached to the vacuum base with a swivel mount . As a result , the hose constantly twists and kinks . I feel like I 'm having to wrestle the hose to unkink it every minute or so . BIG time waster.The wheels `` look '' like they should work great - big with a rubber covering to keep from scratching wood floors . For some reason , it just does n't maneuver easily at all . Wo n't roll straight when you want it to , and wo n't turn a corner when you 're trying to get it to follow you . This may have something to do with that dang non-swivel hose mount and the `` pushing '' that the kinked/crimped hose does to the canister.The power cord is shorter than my previous vacuums have been , but I can live with that.Besides the problems caused by the non-swivel hose mount , one of my biggest complaints with this new vac is that it only has good suction when you first replace the vacuum bag . Once the bag is slightly filled -LRB- we 're talking less than 1/4 filled -RRB- the suction is GREATLY reduced . Way too expensive to change out the bag every time I vacuum though.Lastly , while it 's not as quiet as the vacuum I ordered ; it is significantly quieter -LRB- without power brush turned on -RRB- than any vacuum I 've owned before . So quiet , in fact , that our dogs and cat do n't go into hiding like they do with other vacuums . I 'm trying to convince our biggest pooch to let me vacuum him , but so far he 'll tolerate just a few seconds of it before walking away . Still working on it though . He now assumes dog cookies are just one of the vacuum attachments . All part of the plan . Much easier to vacuum the dog instead of the whole house .
 After reading lots of good reviews for the Electrolux Oxygen Vacuum cleaner , including one by Good Housekeeping magazine -LRB- whom I used to trust -RRB- , I decided to splurge and go with this vacuum cleaner to replace our old Sears Kenmore . However , although it is OK for cleaning the floors when the bag is new , it does n't ever work well on parts of the house other than floors , e.g. , the woodwork . The dusting head does not swivel at all , so the only way to actually clean surfaces at an orientation other than flat at your feet is to sometimes assume extremely awkward and uncomfortable positions , or just get down on your hands and knees and use a dust rag . What a pain!In addition , there is no swivel at the base of the hose where it connects to the canister . The hose often crimps and cuts off the airflow . This is a design flaw that probably will reduce the life of the vacuum and hose -LRB- or are they just building in some obsolescence ? -RRB- . The cord seems short , so I have to unplug and replug the vacuum cleaner to completely vacuum our larger rooms . -LRB- Not so on my old Kenmore . -RRB- Pros : -- It 's relatively quiet . -- Good suction when the bag is new.Cons : -- Expensive -- Dusting head does not swivel . Does not work well to clean anything other than the floor . -- Hose seems cheap and does not swivel at canister . Crimps and cuts off air flow . -- Suction declines significantly as bag fills . -- Bags are expensive and small . -- Cord is too short to clean the entire family room or kitchen in our house .
 This vacuum is NOT an Electrolux !! It is made by Eureka.I bought what I believed was a brand-new Electrolux vacuum cleaner . The reason we chose this brand was that this vacuum cleaner - or what we thought was Electrolux - received top ratings from Consumer Reports.The wand broke on the vacuum after only 1 year , so I took it to the local Electrolux store for repair . This is when I found out that the vacuum WAS NOT made by Electrolux ... it was a Eureka vacuum cleaner . I was informed that he would not be able to repair it for me but could offer me a trade-in $ 50 toward an actual Electrolux from his store ... huge difference in the quality of vacuum.According to the Electrolux representative , a Swedish company -LRB- apparently the company that established and originally sold Electrolux -RRB- bought back the Electrolux name from Electrolux in the U.S. . The Swedish company subsequently bought Eureka and promptly put the Electrolux name on Eureka vacuum cleaners.I 'll be the fool .
 I ordered this item under the assumption that it was new . After 53 days of residental use it died . Ran through the troubleshooting items to no avail . Called Eletrolux customer servic and was informed that all electrolux vacuum cleaners bought through Amazon are used and would not qualify for warranty repair . Called Amazon and was informed that their return policy was only for 30 days . So buyer beware !!!
 I have done tons of research on the web concerning vacuums and decided , based largely in part by it 's rating in Consumer Reports to buy the Electrolux 6988D . Long story short ... it 's made in China and it shows . The canister was fairly well made , but the brush head was cheap plastic all around and made a sharp plastic on plastic noise when I put it on the Medium height setting . It also did n't really get deeply into the carpet . The head is too lightweight for that . So , I packed it up and sent it back . Thank God for Amazons return policy . I have now looked at Miele 's -LRB- expensive and mostly plastic -RRB- and Riccar , which are OK and the high end machines are made with some metal and even a wooden rooler on one ! I 'm still not satisfied , so I have plans to go see the Sebo brand . With any of them I 'll end up paying over $ 800 or more for a halfway decent canister . I was impressed with Riccars uprights that have this whole long hose thing going on . It works like a canister when you turn off the suction to the floor . Still high priced , and I do n't want the akwardness of an upright . They really do a far better job on carpets , though , hands down.Stay away from these Electrolux . They are all plastic and I could just see the potential problems.Electrolux EL 6988D Oxygen Canister Vacuum
 I gave this product 2 stars instead of 1 because it still worked a tad better than my absolutely pathetic Dirt Devil . However , it was so far from what I expected that it 's not even funny . I saw it rated relatively high on several sites and I am still trying to figure out what kind of conspiracy there is behind those ratings . Had it been some American brand , I would have attributed the extremely non-objective opinions to patriotism . But it is made in Sweden - which I thought was a good sign - yet it is a bad product . Save yourself the grief and buy the German made Miele . It looks like the Germans are the only ones left on this Earth who have the decency to abstain from ripping people off by selling garbage .
 THIS IS A NICE VAC . BUT IT IS WAY TOO HEAVY AND HARD TO PUSH . ALSO THE HOSE HAS A KINK AND ITOLD AMAZON AND HAVE N'T HEARD ANYTHING . I THINK THE CO. . SHOULD REPLACE IT BUT AM STILL WAITING .
 buyer beware . the electrolux company that has been doing business in the united states since 1924 has sold the copyright to the name and is currently under the names `` aerus '' or `` lux '' . go do your research and you 'll see what i mean . the ` since 1919 ' deal that this company mentions means the company has been known as electrolux overseas since then . they are a sweedish/chinese company . not sure why consumer reports gave this machine such a good review . it has decent suction but wow ... the parts are VERY cheap . the hose feels cheap . no service stations to get your warranty honored -LRB- you 've got to mail your machine off which will cost you in shipping -RRB- . set this machine next to any aerus canister and decide for yourselves . do n't just read reviews . go out . look . compare on what you 've seen and you 'll see what i mean .
 The stated product weight is misleading.It probably refers to the canister by itselfBUT the canister PLUS the hose PLUS the motorized brush is what one is lugging up and down stairs.The motorized brush probably weighs about as much as the canister.The UPS deliverer commented on how heavy the box was.Turns out the shipping weight is 29 lbs.Moral
 I bought this vacuum from another seller -LRB- sorry Amazon , but my old vacuum died and I needed one right away -RRB- . I really liked this vacuum for the first 6 months . I am posting this review on Amazon in hope that my experience with this vacuum will be useful to other Amazon customers . There are many design flaws that eventually forced me to return it for a full refund . I have done a lot of business with Amazon and in no way does this review reflect negativity on Amazons great reputation or service.Bottom Line
 I bought my Electrolux oxygen ultra in Spring 2006 , and as of Sept. 1 , 20012 it is DEAD . Estimated cost of repair is $ 175 . This is not a durable machine . At the price I paid , I expected a durable solid machine . What a disappointment . Look at something else .
 I am not happy . I ordered this vacuum on May 10th and it is already broken . It was well reviewed in Consumer Reports . After having it for less than two month , however , it completely stopped working on my carpets
 I purchased the EL6988 4 years ago in February . I have had to replace the wand which I put up with it falling out of the connection for a year . Now the hose will not work except for the beater bar . I have tried to get help from Electrolux for days asking about a part number but have gotten the runaround.I would never purchase an electrolux again . I can not afford to buy a vacuum every 4 years ; especially at their prices .
 The first time I used this vacuum , the thin , flimsy hose kinked 3 times at the base unit . Just like a cheap garden hose , it kinks , cutting off suction and eventually , shortening the overall life of the hose.The strength of the suction is fairly good.The handle feels a bit big and can feel uncomfortable if you are continuously vacuuming for a fair amount of time.The articulated joint at powered head can be a bit awkward , demanding that you use more force than most vacuums to maneuver the vacuum.The adjustable length of the wand is convenient.The wand will lay flat only at an awkward angle , making vacuuming under your bed , sofa etc. difficult.Unfortunately , the power cord is about 4 ' shorter than what I am used to on my old Kenmore that this vacuum replaced.You can do better for $ 300 . This vacuum is getting returned and we will keep shopping for something better .
 The name may be the same but the quality is not . Plastic part broke after minimal use . Keep shopping for something better - it wo n't be hard to find .
 I have had the Electrolux Oxygen for about 2 years . It spends more time in the shop than at home.Latest problem
 I purchased Electrolux oxygen model 4 years ago . Over those years my vacuum was repaired a few times . I was lucky to buy a warranty . Power head was replaced once . Power connectors to the power head are failing a lot . It seems to me that electrolux is totally built of plastic and very , very fragile ...
 Well , I have to revise my review , which is listed below . I posted that review just after I bought the Oxygen in 2005 . It worked fine for four years , so I guess I got my money 's worth , if you think it 's worth $ 100 a year . Then the plastic handle just melted -- I kept smelling a burning smell as I was vacuuming , and thought at first it was the engine , but then I saw the plastic was red-hot and literally melting near the handle , where the attachment plugs into the handle . I took it to an Electrolux store to get it fixed and they said -LRB- a -RRB- it 's not really Electrolux , it 's a Eureka , and -LRB- b -RRB- it would cost several hundred dollars to repair it . So I bought a really nice Panasonic canister vacuum from Amazon , the Panasonic MC-CG885 , that seems to be working well so far -LRB- knock wood -RRB- ... It has a metal hose , so at least that ca n't melt.Here 's my original review : My main complaint with other vacuum cleaners I 've had -LRB- and I 've had many -- Kenmores , Eurekas , Hoovers , you name it -RRB- is that they 're heavy , and loud . The Oxygen is lightweight -LRB- it weighs a mere 13 pounds , as opposed to most other cleaners , which weigh at least 20 pounds -RRB- and very quiet . But it 's very powerful , has great suction , and almost breaks away and cleans on its own when you turn on the carpet feature . It 's very easy to switch between carpet and bare floor , since the control is on the handle . The only drawback
 I researched for a long time before deciding to purchase a vacuum . I went to the store to buy a Hoover , and came out with this Electrolux after my husband and a store employee convinced me it was a better vacuum . I got it because of the Electrolux name and the $ 100 rebate . Well , from the moment I put it together , I was sceptical of the way the pieces fit together . When you start the rug attachment , it takes off on you , which is kind of cool . It also cleans my carpets wonderfully ! I do n't like the way the bare floor and other attachments just sit on it instead of attaching securely . I also find that the bare floor attachment does n't have much sucking power . I have also had trouble getting the rug attachment off . You have to step on something on it , and pull . For me , it is n't easy , plus it seems as though it will eventually just break off . A few months ago , the rug attachment would n't work and I discovered that a prong that is part of the handle connections was bent . Well a few weeksago , it snapped right off and I had to bring it to a repair facility . Luckily it is still under warranty . But I have only owned it for about 8 months and I only use it once a week . It should n't be broken already . They just do n't make vacuums as sturdy as they used to be . We have a very old real Electrolux that was given to us , used , by my husbands parents and it stillworks . Of course it is held together buy a shoestring and lots of duck tape ! I also have trouble with the rug attachment sucking up things like the cover for the couch and then shutting off . It is very powerful so beware . I still have n't gotten my vacuum back from the repair place , and they told me it might take a while depending on when Electrolux sends them the parts to fix it . I also have trouble finding the bags for it . Our old Electrolux , had bags you could find really cheap at any store , but not this one . I would not recommend this vacuum .
 I looked around for a decent canister vacuum , and decided to spend a little extra for the Electrolux name . I thought Hoover was too unrefined -LRB- $ 100 - $ 200 range -RRB- , and I did n't want to spend over $ 500 for a mid-range Miele , so perhaps Electrolux was a good compromise and I had one before that lasted over 7 years.Let 's start with the pros . First , the vacuum looks nice , modern , and refined . Compared to our out-going model , a $ 200 Sears-Kenmore brand , it is quieter and seems to have better suction . I also appreciate how the bags have a cardboard lid that closes when removing.Now the cons . The nice looks are not backed up by quality parts - the creaky plastic wand easily bends or deforms when pushing it into the main handle , sometimes causing the metal attachments points to bend . Eventually , after a few bends , the metal attachments broke off , and a new wand was not covered under the manufacturer warranty.The handle 's plastic slider that controls suction is not air-tight , so on full suction you can still hear the air leak out . Thankfully , if I play around with the slider and place it about 1/8 inch from full suction , it seems to keep the air in . Speaking of handle , I would have tremendously appreciated a power on/off switch -LRB- for the entire vacuum -RRB- on the handle - you only get an on/off switch for the head.The attachments that are on the canister body fall off constantly since they are curiously and inconveniently placed at the end of the body , where the exhaust is . If you ever place the canister upright , you know what I 'm talking about -LRB- which is probably why the pictures do n't ever show the attachments on the canister body -RRB- . The vacuum head started to split , and I 'm pretty sure we did not drop it or hit it against anything . I was able to snap it back into place , but ironically , within a short time , the belt broke so I had to unscrew and snap open the head to replace it.I have owned this vacuum for about 2 years , and although the head is making unusual high-pitched noises that it did n't make before , I 'm giving it 2 stars since I 'm grateful it 's still alive after spending over $ 400 . My next vacuum ... definately * not * an Electrolux : - -RRB-
 I am a house cleaner and one of the houses that I clean for has this vacuum . I find that I am having problems with the rug attachment releasing and the prongs bending . The owners had to get new parts and now I think they are starting to wear again . This is a new vac and I am very careful with this equiptment . I would never purchase this vacuum !! I think it is terrible . Definately not made like they used to be . I use alot of different types of vacuums and this is not made well at all !!!! The cleaning power is great so much that it feels like the rug attachment is going to snap off , very powerful !!!!
 I purchased this model because it was suppose to be so good at cleaning the air and trapping all the dust . It does a good job of that but it is hard to use . It pulls hard when you are trying to go back and forth . It started to `` squeak '' a month after I purchased it . Now 8 months later the power hose just separated from the nozzle . It 's been hard trying to find someone willing to fix it ! It is not a true Electrolux machine , even though the company that makes it has rights to use the name . For the money , there must be a better made vacuum cleaner .
 I decided to buy this vacuum in May of 2009 having remembered how reliable my mother 's and step-mother 's Electrolux vacuums were when I was growing up . My mistake ! I preface this by saying that I pride myself in taking care of my belongings and have not put this vacuum through any unusual use . Within the first few months , a plastic piece popped out from holding the rug attachment together and I had to take it for repair . Then the rug attachment 's electronic brush has quickly lost steam - it makes a groan instead of the a nice hum , making me wonder how well it is working . Also , since then , many other plastic pieces have just broken off including the pedal on the rug attachment and the button on the hose extension . This vacuum is cheaply made and definitely not worth the price . I 've since learned that the original Elextrolux company has been sold and the products are now made in China .
 We have owened the Electrolux Oxygen vacuum cleaner for about one year . We purchased it after reading reviews here at Amazon and the Electrolux name and reputation.This is the first time reviews here at Amazon were not quite accurate as they have been with other products we have purchased here in the past.By far , this is the worst performing vacuum cleaner we have ever owned ! The suction is poor and it just does not do a very good cleaning job.The position of the on/off button on the handle is poor . You will inadvertantly shut the vacuum off many times during every cleaning session.Even at the highest setting it will not pick up cat hair . There is one good thing , it is easy to move around but that 's about it.I can not recommend the Electrolux Oxygen vacuum cleaner.I suggest you look for sometime different .
 We bought this vacuum just 5 months ago and it 's already falling apart . Where the motorized brush head connects to the rest of the vacuum broke . To fix it the whole brush head needs to be replaced . Just a couple of weeks after purchasing the vacuum , the attachment holder caught on a corner and part of it snapped off . Aside from the vacuum breaking , the motorized brush head does n't suck all the dirt from our carpet . I think the brush spins so quickly that it kicks the dirt/debris right out . If I stand behind the motorized brush head , the debris hits my ankles as it flings out of the head . Keep in mind , our carpets are not very dirty b/c we do n't wear our shoes in the house and we vacuum at least a couple of times a week . FYI - we had our last vacuum , a Kenmore , for 8 years without many problems . We 're going to try returning this vacuum and then heading to Sears to purchase a Kenmore .
 the powerhead falls apart-disassembles - electrolux has no answer - seems like i am stuck with a vacuum that really sucks but doesnt work - $ 340 up in smoke - i think i could have found more pleasureable to do that -
 I bought this vacuum because of the legendary Electrolux name . I really like the vacuum , but the workmanship is poor . I have only owned it for 3 months and the power head broke off the wand of the vacuum . It is only held together by plastic and I am waiting for the company to replace the power head now . Again this is a nice vacuum but I want to see if the new power head will hold up to weekly use .
 My oxygen 6988D is one day less than a year old . It has been an excellent appliance . However , tHe carpet attachment stopped working last week work . I called the 800 number in my owners manual and got referred to a local repair shop . They diagnosed the problem as the eletrified wand but told me that I had to call Eletrolux to replace it . That was where the fun beganTHe people at the other end of the 800 number in the owners manual completely disavow having anything to do with vacuums , which are not considered `` major '' applicances . Considering what I paid for this I beg to disagree . They transfer you to another number so you 're on th ephone about 10 minutes at this point . The people on the SECOND number tell you they have nothing to do with vacuums . They give you ANOTHER phone number . THIS number was for the US headquarters of Aerus Electrolux and THEY really do have nothing to do with this appliance . However , they were able to give me the phone number of the Electrolux USA facility in Augusta , GA -LRB- headquarters ? -RRB- . THEY too only handle `` major appliances '' which someohow exclude vacuums . And so on . Folks I was on the phone over an hour - inlcuding one `` hold '' of over twenty minutes when the `` supervisor '' was `` personally connecting '' me to the `` right '' department - had.So , 65 minutes on the phone , customer service reps are clueless , their supervisors are apparently extremely busy executives as they are not made available . The ignorance and lack of technology -LRB- including an inability to stay with you on the phone to connect you to the next number -RRB- are genuinely astounding in this day and age . I would not only stay away form this appliance but unfortunately from the entire Electrolux brand.Folks - call this number 800.896.9756 . And lots of luck to you
 I did a lot of research before buying this vacuum a couple of years ago . I really liked it , though it does shoot stuff out of the back on hard floors , as someone wrote in a previous comment.In the past two weeks , the vacuum and it 's accessories have broken . First , it was an extra attachment we bought separately -LRB- from Electrolux/Eureka -RRB- that is a power stair attachment . It was great . Then , the roller in it stopped spinning . It 's not an attachment we used every day -- maybe once per month . So , it was n't broken due to overuse.About a week later , the roller in the vacuum stopped spinning . The vacuum still has suction . I ca n't figure out if it 's an electrical or mechanical problem . I just ca n't believe that it broke considering how much money it cost ! We do n't have pets or any major messes , so I have n't put any undue stress on the vacuum !
 We purchased an Electrolux Oxygen Vacuum Cleaner because it was top rated by Consumer Reports . Ours arrived with a faulty cord reel.We found out that Eureka had purchased Electrolux . Eureka does not pay technicians enough to perform warranty work , and all but one warranty repair center in our region -LRB- Upstate New York -RRB- declined to do warranty work on our machine . It took over 6 months to get a replacement cord reel and have it repaired . Eureka obviously does not fill repair shop orders promptly either!Then the main circuit board , which is in the handle , shorted out , the machine would turn on but the power head did not work and the machine would not turn off . Luckily , our technician had one on hand and it was an easy repair . But -- the exact same thing happened again . Our vacuum cleaner has again been in the shop over a month now , with no repair in sight.To rub salt in the wound
 Like many of the other reviewers , I also spent a lot of time choosing this vacuum . I chose it primarily because of its Consumer Reports rating and reviews from other owners . I also thought paying so much for a vacuum would mean it was a quality product . HUGE MISTAKE!PROS
 I purchased this vacuum for our household December , 2009 . I bought Electrolux because my mother 's model was bullet proof - it lasted decades . My previous vacuum was an average Kenmore canister , which was still working , but getting a little worse for wear when replacedPros - Lightweight - Powerhead is articulated - can be steered around obstacles . Very nice . - Good suction - Nice and compact.I want to like this vacuum , but : Cons - from biggest to smallest : - The articulated joint to the powerhead failed catastrophically today - just less than two years after purchase . Examining the parts , I was disappointed with how thin the plastic was that makes up this rather complex coupling . Functionally , the design works ; the powerhead steers easily , but apparently is not beefy enough for normal household use over time . - Hard floor attachment is far too wide - I cut it down within a couple weeks of it 's purchase . it would be nice if Electrolux offered additional , narrower attachments . - Accessory attachments are a tight slip fit - no latch . Very difficult to remove if you have weak hands . Just irritating if you have normal strength . A ball detent latch like on the Kenmore is much easier to use -LRB- side note , the powerhead detaches very easily -RRB- - Hose kinks easily . - Bag is smallLuckily , the rattly old Kenmore still works after 8 years as the primary vacuum and 2 years as the basement vacuum . I 'm disappointed that I will have to either make a major repair or replace a higher end vacuum after two years of service .
 This item stopped working after two years . worst part is that i bought this in 2008 -LRB- since it worked great the firt year -RRB- and a second one in 2009 . Neither is working as of December 2011 .
 I purchased this vacuum because it said it was light weight . Not!It is the most difficult vacuum I have ever used . The suction is great but by the time you finish using it you feel like you just wrestled a bear . I only use it for major cleaning because I actually hurt when I am done . I gave it to my neighbor for her to try and she too could not believe how difficult it was to use . I dread it everytime I use it . Now I am looking for a lighter weight vacuum for everyday .
 The vaccuum and the powerhead is fantastic . The little connectors in the wands -LRB- 2 tiny prongs in each -RRB- are an example of poor engineering . They brake often . I bought new wands on eBay once a year -LRB- sometimes more often -RRB- . The newer model , that I bought this year -RRB- have an improved system , and so far no problems with the connectors .
 Do not buy this vacuum , unless you can get extended warranty . Life span is about 3 years . I had mine for 28 months with no problem , too bad the warranty is 24 months.I bought it because of the Electrolux name , and because my old Electrolux lasted many , many years . Eureka bought the name so ... it 's not an Electrolux.Read the reviews and you 'll notice that those who said it was great only had theirs a short time . I too would have wrote `` great vacuum '' a year ago , even 2 years ago , but after 2 years , 4 months the powerhead has stopped working . After doing some online research and speaking with several independent repair centers I found this is very common . The parts to fix mine will be $ 200.00 + , not including labor and shipping . The repair parts for this vacuum are very expensive . Since I paid $ 425.00 new , I expected more . I expected it to last . I am very disappointed.I also read so many positive reviews of this vacuum before I made my purchase . I wish I had considered how long the reviewer had their vacuum when I read their reviews .
 Read all the other one star reviews !! They all describe my experience with this over priced piece of junk perfectly !! Which is , come to find out , a Eureka with a high price tag . High price , poor quality , poor service with company , poor experience with `` authorized '' repair facilities who are overloaded with repairs on this very low quality vacuum . would never recommend or EVER purchase any electrolux product ever again , Huge disappointment
 This vacuum is mediocre - not great and certainly not a good value considering the number of times I have had to have it in to the local vacuum shop for service . I remember my mom 's electrolux - it lasted for years and had good suction . This is not that . Its not even really made by the old company . This vacuum was actually a replacement for a different electrolux canister vac my Mom got me for a housewarming gift . When I was vacuuming with that I kept feeling pinches and shocks on my wrist and thought `` whats going on ? '' Then in a darker room I could see tiny blue bands of electric current coming up from the metal of that handle and hitting my wrist ! We returned it for this model but again - not pleased . Why tell you that story about the other model ? Because it was again , also an electrolux and when I saw the reviewer who wrote that her handle melted and she smelt something burning I totally believe it ! There is a serious quality problem with this company ! Its a shame !
 I would suggest that you do not purchase this vacuum or any other new vacuum from Electrolux.While I knew when I purchased this vacuum that it was n't really an `` Electrolux '' -LRB- i.e. , from the U.S. Electrolux that made just vacuum and floor cleaners from the early 1900s to perhaps the 1980s and now sells under the brand name Aerus -RRB- , I thought from the reviews that it would be fairly good . After six months , I can say that while it vacuums fairly well it is not well made , certainly nowhere near the quality standards of the original Electrolux company.Here are the major problems :1 . The hose is very poorly made . It tends to collapse in many places , which of course affects suction and general operation .2 . After six months I now have an intermittent electrical problem with the power nozzle . When you turn on the vacuum the nozzle does n't start . The only way to get it to start is to lift it off the carpet at least half a foot and hit the carpet with it . Right now it seems to usually start then , but once turned off it does n't turn on again until you hit it on the carpet again .3 . The provided tools are extremely cheap plastic pieces of junk .4 . Because the hose is not a standard round connection you ca n't use other items with it that you might use with a vacuum cleaner.And at this point I 'm wondering how and where I can get this repaired locally under warranty . I 've written to Electrolux through their website and am waiting for a reply .
 When i bought one of these Electrolux green cannisters - i was thrilled thinking `` finally -- I have a real Electrolux with the top of the line suction and cleaning you can buy '' . Nope . First week it failed electrically . When I brought it back , there were literally 3 broken ones sitting at the service desk and another couple bringing their back in too . Fast forward 2 years later - its been to an authorized dealer because there 's no suction and I find out -- Eletrolux rebranded the old Eureka machines , dressed them up and called them Elextrolux . Do n't be duped . You can buy the same quality motor and roller system for 100 bucks at a discount store !!!! All the information above was verified by my cleaning service -- they buy the classics not this junk !
 I am not sure if my vacuum is defective or if the oxygen power nozzle is designed to only rotate to the left . My arm hurts after trying to vacuum to the right . I have to pick up power nozzle to go right . I did call customer service but did not get a clear explanation .
 Total plastic . Do n't breath on it or it will fall apart . I had mine for a week and the power head jammed . Took it back for full credit and bought something else . This is not an Eletrolux - it 's a Eurika . Nothing but junk .
 Read most of the negative reviews here and you will find a common theme , the connection between the wand and the vacuum is held together by a cheap plastic wand clamp that keeps popping off whenever you turn the wand . I have this problem as well after a year and a half of owning the vacuum . Mines also overheats now as well . This is a piece of garbage vacuum cleaner ; do not buy this model ! This is a $ 70 vacuum cleaner with a $ 300 price tag !
 We loved this vacuum from the day it arrived until the day it broke . The cleaning head is held onto the arm by a tiny plastic C-clamp which locks into place with even tinier plastic pins . A few months of very gentle use and those pins came off . Electrolux has now agreed to send us a replacement clamp , but the service person on the phone made clear she would send just one and that this was a `` courtesy '' . What about 4 months from now when the new one breaks ? This is clearly a design flaw , and the manufacturer should include 5 or 10 of these things for the vacuum to still work a few years after purchase .
 The Electrolux Olygen vacuum clean purchased from Amazon arrived with a broken wand connector . I took it in for service , waited 3 weeks for a different colored part to arrive , and was told by Electrolux to live with it . So now I have a brand new patchworked vacuum cleaner . It might come as a surprise to their customer service department , but when someone buys a new vacuum cleaner that 's what they expect ! Consider how they treat their customers before purchasing .
 I have owned this vacuum for over two years . Since I have bought it I have had to replace the drive belt 5 times -LRB- finally got a heavy duty version that did the trick -RRB- and replace 5 wand sections because the electrical connections burned out , and replaced the hose section once because the electrical connections melted , nearly causing a fire . This vacuum was poorly designed and replacement parts are not cheap . This is not your mother 's Electrolux . Stay away . . stay very far away !
 Everything is fine , except that the brush-motor broke down in less than 2 weeks . I just used once and it went down the second time I used it . Wondering why the manufacture could not make a more reliable motor .
 The vacuum was good while it worked , but it broke for the first time before the warranty was up . I replaced the part , and it broke again within a couple of months . I took it in for repair and soon after yet another part broke . The repair is expensive . I basically threw about $ 400 down the drain plus repairs , trashed the vacuum and purchased another one . Repair is not justified by the obvious lack in quality of the vacuum . The Customer service is awful and not willing to admit fault in their product .
 The saw is ergonomically awkward and proved ineffective as a tool to butcher an elk .
 I purchased these drawers , but had to return them because they did not fit the basic shelving kit that I had bought . They stuck out . Nice quality and beautiful , just the description lead me to think they would work with the closet unit I had -LRB- also John Louis -RRB- .
 We had bought the mold to make mints and it did not work . It was almost impossible to get the mint out of the mold . And when we did get them out they looked like carrots . I would n't buy them again .
 This microwave did not work . As a matter of fact , my daughter and I think it does a great job of cooling anything you place in it.I will be returning it and will not be buying any other products made by Daewoo .
 The candy broke more times than I care to remember . If it was a thicker mold , I believe this would have worked . Do n't waste your time on something so thin and substandard .
 still waiting to figure out why we are being told these have been deliveredWhen we DO N'T have them ... ?? We have a post office box ... have never been given this item ... maybe our postmaster snagged them for a party ??? WHERE could they be?Wish the seller would answer our emails and figure out WHERE our box is ... we need some partay umbrellies !
 The set that arrived was not as pictured . The pattern I received was more Asian in style than Hawaiian , and style is everything for this type of product . Upon opening , a visual inspection shows about 10 % of the umbrellas have obvious damage . I opened 4 of the 144 umbrellas and they worked as intended , though a bit stiff and difficult for a bigger hand to open . The picks are nice and sharp and have just enough texture to grab the fruits or berries without them slipping but the print as I said did not match the description or picture . The prints have some color-bleeding which make your snacks or drinks look a little sloppy as opposed to a more clean and finished presentation . In my opinion , I think this seller is over-selling this item with an exaggerated description and a bit of photo-shop fantasy . They are great for an Asian themed celebration.I would disregard the description and photos . Expect only ` colorful umbrella toothpicks ' and you should walk away a satisfied buyer .
 I thought I was going to get the umbrellas in the picture but I did n't . I expected a single color umbrella with white flower detail . Instead I got colorful umbrellas with a bold colored very large flower on top . I also expected 4 different color options in the box . Instead I got 2 color options in the box . I thought I was going to get these lighter colored umbrellas almost close to pastel and instead I got really bold almost primary colored ones . They did n't ruin what I was making with them but they did n't go as well as the ones I ordered would have.These are cute ... just not what I ordered .
 I bought two of these blankets . The white one gets white fuzz balls all over what ever it touches , in this case , my daughter 's hot pink Nautica comforter and the navy one , completely covers my son 's khaki Nautica comforter and everything else on his bed with dark blue lint and fuzz balls . I 've washed and dried them at least a dozen times now and each time the washer and the dryer still gets full , really full , of lint and fuzz . Every day I have to use a lint brush on the kid 's beds to get the balls off the sheets , throw pillows etc. . The lint and fuzz even gets on their pajamas . I 've gone through rolls and rolls of lint tape and I have to vacuum all around the beds every time I make them because the little balls roll around the wood floors . It 's been soooo frustrating and I expected more from Nautica . The navy is a perfect match for the rest of my son 's Nautica bedding and I have n't been able to find that nice dark navy color in another brand . I 'm throwing these out . I ca n't even give them away .
 I bought two of these blankets . The white one gets white fuzz balls all over what ever it touches , in this case , my daughter 's hot pink Nautica comforter and the navy one , completely covers my son 's khaki Nautica comforter and everything else on his bed with dark blue lint and fuzz balls . I 've washed and dried them at least a dozen times now and each time the washer and the dryer still gets full , really full , of lint and fuzz . Every day I have to use a lint brush on the kid 's beds to get the balls off the sheets , throw pillows etc. . The lint and fuzz even gets on their pajamas . I 've gone through rolls and rolls of lint tape and I have to vacuum all around the beds every time I make them because the little balls roll around the wood floors . It 's been soooo frustrating and I expected more from Nautica . The navy is a perfect match for the rest of my son 's Nautica bedding and I have n't been able to find that nice dark navy color in another brand . I 'm throwing these out . I ca n't even give them away .
 I bought two of these blankets . The white one gets white fuzz balls all over what ever it touches , in this case , my daughter 's hot pink Nautica comforter and the navy one , completely covers my son 's khaki Nautica comforter and everything else on his bed with dark blue lint and fuzz balls . I 've washed and dried them at least a dozen times now and each time the washer and the dryer still gets full , really full , of lint and fuzz . Every day I have to use a lint brush on the kid 's beds to get the balls off the sheets , throw pillows etc. . The lint and fuzz even gets on their pajamas . I 've gone through rolls and rolls of lint tape and I have to vacuum all around the beds every time I make them because the little balls roll around the wood floors . It 's been soooo frustrating and I expected more from Nautica . The navy is a perfect match for the rest of my son 's Nautica bedding and I have n't been able to find that nice dark navy color in another brand . I 'm throwing these out . I ca n't even give them away .
 I am very disappointed with this product . Save your money and use a normal tablespoon which , in essence , this is . This product is made in China and feels cheesy , lightweight and cheap.I own the Rosle Basting spoon , which is made in Germany and which I will use in my kitchen forever . This product is not in that category and I will now think twice about buying a Rosle product . If you do buy one , make sure it is made in Germany and not in China . -LRB- Make sure the description states , `` made in Germany , '' and not merely `` designed and engineered in Germany . '' The latter means that the Rosle product is made in China . -RRB-
 I bought two of these blankets . The white one gets white fuzz balls all over what ever it touches , in this case , my daughter 's hot pink Nautica comforter and the navy one , completely covers my son 's khaki Nautica comforter and everything else on his bed with dark blue lint and fuzz balls . I 've washed and dried them at least a dozen times now and each time the washer and the dryer still gets full , really full , of lint and fuzz . Every day I have to use a lint brush on the kid 's beds to get the balls off the sheets , throw pillows etc. . The lint and fuzz even gets on their pajamas . I 've gone through rolls and rolls of lint tape and I have to vacuum all around the beds every time I make them because the little balls roll around the wood floors . It 's been soooo frustrating and I expected more from Nautica . The navy is a perfect match for the rest of my son 's Nautica bedding and I have n't been able to find that nice dark navy color in another brand . I 'm throwing these out . I ca n't even give them away .
 Do n't be fooled by the creative photography here . This item is made of plastic . Now to be fair I did n't know anything about chocolate molding and have since discovered that plastic molds are normal , but it 's definitely not what i expected . I felt disappointed when I opened the package . Seems overpriced and they charged me more on the shipping than the cost of postage.On the plus side , so far i have not actually used it for chocolate molding but have made reasonably successful jello frogs . will try chocolate next
 To be honest they were n't there when I needed to and I think it needs to be here quicker sorry .
 I had lots of fun making the frogs but i could n't make one because it came cracked and then the cracked spread a bit , and it came like that , the shipping was n't that great . It would be nice if they would send me a new one .
 I must not have read thoroughly , but this image appeared to be metal , or at least a thick heavy plastic , but what i received was about as thin as paper . It was shoved in a small envelope and stuffed into my mailbox , leaving it bent and therefore not able to create evenly shaped frogs .
 it was okay but its a cheap plastic i tried to make jello with it but that did n't work at all it was mush it will probably work for chocolate though
 I purchased this whole ensemble for my son 's room and was very disappointed in the quality . Your definitely paying for the name on this . The quality is extremely cheap for the price .
 Had to use tons of chocolate to fill the cavity and it was hard to get the whole thing out in one piece . Parts would break off and I would have to reattach them after .
 This Flatware Set has a big lasered stamp on every piece that says `` China '' on it . I thought the company was a very old , reputable American company and I had chosen not to buy from other companies , when I saw reviews that their flatware was stamped `` Made in China '' , but now this ... I find it very unfair not to note such a thing in the description somewhere ! The flatware is nice and heavy and looks good , the case it came in , came apart the first day as it ca n't hold the weight of the knives.Made in China on every piece was definitely a deal breaker for me at this price range !
 This is another color in the curtains I recently ordered , and while the color is nice and what I expected , I did n't expect 2 of the panels to have multiple holes in them about the size of a dime ! I ordered 4 panels of this color and 4 panels of another color -LRB- Moroccan Red -RRB- , and the red ones are perfect , while these panels in the Camel color had holes that were difficult to hide when they were hung .
 We waited in great anticipation for this expensive coffee machine to arrive in a week . But the disappointment was intense when the machine could not even get past the warning promt to fill water tank . Nothing worked . The plastic on the machine was flimsy , so unlike the Jura -LRB- Impressa 30 -RRB- which I owned before at a lower price.I am returning it and would not ever consider a Gaggia again due to this first impression quality problem . Never ever .
 I bought this machine to make espresso drinks at home , but instead , I have a very expensive coffee machine that does not make good espresso . The convenience of the machine is wonderful , easy to clean , easy to fill , etc. , but since I wanted espresso , I was disappointed . The espresso that it puts out is weak and does not have that espresso bite , but tastes pretty good with hot water added to it to make an Americano . If you want this type of conveinience , this is a good machine , but if you want true espresso , you will have to go with a semi auto and good grinder . Wish I Had !
 This clock is made with a cheap Chinese movement . Nothing surprising about that . I think every wall clock I 've purchased in the past 5 years has the same poor movement and many of them have failed prematurely.Which is what happened with this one , after maybe 6 months . The retailer told me to contact Timekeeper for warranty service . I have emailed and called repeatedly over the past 3 months . On the first call it sounded like the problem was going to be resolved . After a couple of weeks , no replacement . I called and again they said it would be taken care of . After that I can not get anyone to respond to email or the phone.Their clocks are cheap and if they fail , you can just expect to toss them in the trash and find another . They obviously are n't going to stand behind what they sell -LRB- I 'd say manufacture but the Chinese do that -RRB- .
 I bought this and it worked for about 5 months then quit . I guess you get what you pay for . Save your money !
 So poor , so weak , broken once used , so not recommended . The supplier is great but the product is awful . Avoid having the same experience I had .
 Item is cheap plastic toy quality . Chrome was scuffed off , showing numerous black marks , hands are loose and just wobble around . None of the item descriptions were included . The description says : * Oval dark wood with a glass cover ; gold dial , hands , and pendulum * Easy-to-read hour markers are Roman numerals ; minutes are also marked * Measures 14 inches long by 11 inches wide ; uses 1 AA battery , not includedIt is NOT 14 inches.There is NO glass.There are NO roman numerals for the time.Minutes are NOT marked.There is NO wood . It is made of very cheap plastic.Everything about this clock is a lie .
 Entirely made of cheap plastic . Item arrived with many scuff marks on the plastic silver balls which showed the black plastic underneath . Hands are same color as rest of clock , making it almost impossible to tell time without a good , hard look . Item picture does not match the description . There is no way this item is worth more than about $ 8 maximum .
 I bought two of these blankets . The white one gets white fuzz balls all over what ever it touches , in this case , my daughter 's hot pink Nautica comforter and the navy one , completely covers my son 's khaki Nautica comforter and everything else on his bed with dark blue lint and fuzz balls . I 've washed and dried them at least a dozen times now and each time the washer and the dryer still gets full , really full , of lint and fuzz . Every day I have to use a lint brush on the kid 's beds to get the balls off the sheets , throw pillows etc. . The lint and fuzz even gets on their pajamas . I 've gone through rolls and rolls of lint tape and I have to vacuum all around the beds every time I make them because the little balls roll around the wood floors . It 's been soooo frustrating and I expected more from Nautica . The navy is a perfect match for the rest of my son 's Nautica bedding and I have n't been able to find that nice dark navy color in another brand . I 'm throwing these out . I ca n't even give them away .
 I bought this as a guest bed so did n't find out that it leaks through the night until after the 30 money back period was over . To return it I had to cut out the heavist part and send it in at my own expense . I am supposed to recieve a new one but it 's been weeks now with no word . This is a poor quality product with poor customer service behind it.Very unimpressed and will never buy another aerobed product .
 I was pretty disappointed upon receiving this . The poster inside the frame had multiple bends and creases which are easily visible and create glares , as if the framing process was rushed and done carelessly . Also , the picture itself is really dark , and a lot of the details can not be seen . Will probably not be buying from PosterRevolution anymore ...
 If they would just come up with a design that did n't spring leaks , it would be a great product . I 've owned several over the last few years , and most end up leaking . Ironically , the leaks usually occur at the square impressions that are patterned over the surface , which are mostly for looks . These are created with a heat press , and the partial melting creates a weakness , leading to a leak .
 This bed worked well until it started to leak , after about its tenth use . The design makes it difficult or impossible to find or fix a leak . I would not count on this bed lasting longer than one year . Four stars for function , one star for durability , no stars for fixability .
 The air release valve is a very poor design and is prone to breakage . When it breaks , the bed is not useable until you replace the valve which will run about $ 15 . Check the Aerobed FAQs for more info .
 We thought we 'd buy this to use as a guest bed for my inlaws when they visit 5-6 times a year . After the second use , it developed a slow leak , so that they wake up in the morning kinda sunk in the middle . I ca n't see how we are going to be able to figure out where the leak is . It is still somewhat useable , since you can reinflate it as it goes down and it does n't leak so much you are on the floor , but for $ 250 , I expected it to be much better.I should have spent the money on a futon instead .
 I BOUGHT THIS QUEEN SIZED RAISED PREMIER AEROBED ABOUT 1-1/2 YRS AGO . IT HAS ONLY BEEN USED INDOORS ABOUT 5 TIMES -LRB- AS A GUEST BED -RRB- AND IS STORED IN A CLOSET . WHEN I INFLATED IT YESTERDAY IT APPARENTLY HAS A SLOW LEAK AND WOULD HAVE TO BE RE-INFLATED IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT . THOUGH IT IS COMFORTABLE , I SURE EXPECTED MORE FROM A $ 250 BED !!
 This overpriced mattress is not as convenient as the commercials would have it . First of all you need a 2Xgh adapter and who has those in their homes to begin with ? Secondly , you have to oil the motor with lubricant because it is a fan based turbine engine and it overheats really easy so if you keep on deflating it and then inflating it you are going to have major problems . The best thing to do is just buy a plain mattress and put it on the floor , it is probably a lot more comfortable than this plus you can eat corn on the cob .
 We have guests almost every weekend , so we have need for both single and double inflatable beds . We have purchased at least six single and three double Aerobeds over the last few years . Every one of them -LRB- except the last , which is only 3 months old -RRB- has developed slow leaks which can not be found , so can not be repaired . A guest goes to sleep on a fully inflated mattress , and wakes up in the middle of the night on a hard , or carpeted , floor ! The product clearly has a design flaw . They know about it , but ca n't or wo n't remedy the problem . STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT ! -LRB- We are not sure how we will accommodate our guests in the future , but it 's just too expensive to keep buying Aerobeds . -RRB-
 Bought the raised pillowtop In Jan 2005 , 6 months later it sprung a leak at a welded seam around the pillowtop of bed . They did send me a replacement and it lasted about 8 months until it looked like a humpbacked whale -LRB- about 1 Ft higher in center of bed than edge -RRB- . They will not replace again because orginal purchase is over a year . The best they could do is give me free shipping on a $ 300 product that will not last a year NO THANKS , I can get free shipping at Amazon . Be aware that If you spend $ 300 for the best it will only last less than a year , so who knows about the cheaper ones . For me I will never own another Aerobed product .
 Used the queen size a number of times and was happy with its comfort . However , it died after less than a year and being used less than 20 times . The middle three cells on the bottom portion formed one large bump right in the middle of the bed . Soon after it sprung a leak . NOT WORTH THE PRICE !
 This thing works fine until it starts leaking . The leaking starts remarkably soon , especially considering the cost . After very careful use and storage , the mattress began slowly leaking immediately after the warranty expired . The leak seems to be in the valve within the motor . There are no punctures or tears on the surface or seams . Called customer service to discover that there is NO servicing this product 's motor or valves . No parts , No service !! If the motor fails or the valve fails - NO REPLACEMENT PARTS !! It was suggested that I throw it out and purchase another !!! In a world that is taxed beyond it 's capacity , you would think a company would manufacture a product that can be serviced instead of sitting in a landfill . The last thing a landfill needs is large sheets of non-degradeing , toxic PVC.Disposable products are immoral in this day.AVOID !
 I bought this as a guest bed so did n't find out that it leaks through the night until after the 30 money back period was over . To return it I had to cut out the heavist part and send it in at my own expense . I am supposed to recieve a new one but it 's been weeks now with no word . This is a poor quality product with poor customer service behind it.Very unimpressed and will never buy another aerobed product .
 Knive kept an edge for almost a day had it professionally sharpen two days later barely last for week . Very disappointed would return if I could doesnot with stand pro use
 I received this caddy for a gift on Christmas and it was broken . The I sent it back and it cost me $ 30 to return . I do not recommend this company , they are over priced and do not pack the products appropriately .
 I bought this as a guest bed so did n't find out that it leaks through the night until after the 30 money back period was over . To return it I had to cut out the heavist part and send it in at my own expense . I am supposed to recieve a new one but it 's been weeks now with no word . This is a poor quality product with poor customer service behind it.Very unimpressed and will never buy another aerobed product .
 Same gauge and weight as ones I bought at the `` Dollar Store '' . They easily break apart . I have no idea how they can possible label these as `` heavy duty '' .
 They break easily -- I would give them zero stars but you have to select at least one
 These old fashioned clothes pins are too small to do any good for real laundry use . They break when you try to use them . They are too expensive for what they are used for and you can buy them at your local hardware store for about 2.00 dollars . Would n't buy these again , not to mention that the shipping was more that the product .
 I do n't even have to buy these to know they are crap . The dimensions are skimpier than the pathetic ones available in dollar stores . NO ONE makes REAL clothes pins anymore . These certainly would not hold heavier items in place and the wooden parts can easily slip out of the spring . GARBAGE . with the revival of more Eco friendly line drying . . someone HAS to make something better . . and NOT PLASTIC PLEASE ... !!!! . My grandmother 's clothes pins these are NOT . Not even close .
 I thought these clothes pins were small.And made very poorly . I bought them witha clothesline which I love , but they shippedseparately and for a ridiculous fee . Notworth it at all .
 This product although it performs well is not worth the money . Its older version at70 .00 some dollars performs every bit as good . at that price you might as well buy a proffesional immersion blender with three times the powe.r and performance .
 I 've had this blender since 2005 , paid under $ 99 for it through Amazon . I love how it performs and was using it almost daily . Unfortunately , the small-jar chopping wand broke and I ca n't seem to find a replacement , either for the wand or the the entire the small-jar set-up . I was willing to replace the entire appliance , but not at twice the cost of the 2005 version . There has been no additional attachment/tool included in the set , so what could double the price ? This is simply robbery ... So , I 'll just hold off until I can get a better deal .
 I 've bought this items because of Brauns good reputation . They have also a smaller set for 20 dollars less . I went for this one , because it shows more attachments . Fact is it does not contain all the attachments shown . The one to the farthest right is not part of it . Bummer ! I could have saved 20 bucks buying the other model . I will return this item for the other one.Also it said shipped and sold by amazon . Guess what it came from Macys and their return policy sucks.Be aware ...
 I owned this little blender for 8 months and LOVED it , until I mashed cooked potatoes today and the motor blew out of the blue . There was no warning of overheating , straining on the motor etc. just a plop sound and the thing is broken . After having it loved for 8 months I am hugely disappointed and would not buy it again
 My boss had one of these that he let me borrow for a culinary competition . I have used many hand held blenders to include the cuisinart and kitchenaid versions which I own , but this blows them away . It is the only mini blender that I 've seen that will actually fully puree carrots into a nice cohesive sauce -LRB- with the food processor attachment . The other brands left tiny granular chunks in it . I was actually quite impressed with the set and looking to buy one for myself until about the fourth time using it when the plastic above the blade attachment melted to the shaft of the food processor unit , transforming it into a piece of useless junk . He had n't used it more than a dozen times , so wear and tear should not have been an issue . Regardless , I had to buy him a new one , and I therefore will never trust anything from Braun again despite the fact that this was clearly a fluke . I do n't know if this has happened to anyone else with this product , but I 'm not willing to take my chances .
 We bought this product 3 years ago , and the warranty with Braun is just for 1 year . I used it pretty regularly and it was very efficient and useful . However , I am really disappointed that it broke after just 3 years . I called Braun and they said that I could take it to the local service center but would have to pay to get it fixed . Most blenders last at least 5 years before dying . Next time , I 'm going to get a different brand and hopefully something that lasts longer .
 I bought this travel mug for my husband who is a HUGE Bears fan and who likes to drink coffee . It looks really nice and it felt like it would be pretty durable ... not the case . First the outside logo piece came off after about a month and had to be super glued back on . A few months after the logo issue the inside of the cup started to come loose . FYI - it is NOT stainless steel inside , it appears to be a black plastic type material . Needless to say after trying to super glue the inside part so it would not come out , and using it for a little while longer , the travel mug finally got tossed . For the price you pay , I would not recommend buying this product .
 This travel mug sits on my shelf because it has leaked since the first time I used it . The lid did not not seal very well and coffee leaked out . I 'm sorry I spent so much money on this .
 Very poor quality for the price . The handle is very cheap and I am just waiting for it to break so I am very careful with it . The bottom is also coming loose . Would NOT recommend this mug for the price . It 's worth $ 10.00 and no more.Siskiyou Sports Chicago Bears 18 oz NFL Stainless Steel Travel Mug
 This looks nice but I did n't find it functional at all . I purchased two , one for lotion and one for soap . The lotion will not come out at all , and the soap takes a while to come out , and when it does come out it 's all stringy and floating around . I would n't purchase this again .
 The very first time I used the lingerie bag for my delicates in the wash , the zipper broke . When I looked closer , I saw that the metal fastener on the right side of the bag was ripped and it caught one of my delicate items . My remaining my delicate items were wrapped around the agitator of the washing machine . I am very disappointed that the lingerie bag did not protect my delicates and that it broke on its very first use .
 I used the bag once and 2 holes developed along the seam allowing clothing out into the rest of the wash . Do n't waste your money . This bag is a piece of junk .
 The first time I washed my delicates in the bag , the zipper broke . I found two of my favorite bras -LRB- that I hand-washed before I tried this bag -RRB- wrapped around the agitator . This bag ruined $ 80 worth of my clothing.I did not read the one review posted on Amazon and I should have . The one other person that had reviewed this product had the same problem as I did.Do not buy this wash bag !
 False advertising !! You do not get the hutch or file cabinet like they make you believe !! Only the desk , which is very cheap and unstable!Don ' t make the same mistake I made , save your money and buy elsewhere!BUYER BEWARE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 the product info suggests you get the desk , hutch and pedestal even showing a picture of them all . When the desk showed up without the hutch and pedestal , the rep from Homevisions blamed Amazon for the misrepresented product description and confusion . I ended up taking apart the desk and it was n't until almost a month later that it was picked up . This company was terrible to deal with and the desk was n't worth the price . Stay Away !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I wanted a thermos type drinking cup that would keep my drink hot or cold . I put a cold drink in and even with ice it was warm in record time . It is now sitting on a kitchen shelf , never to be used again .
 looks nice too bad it doesnt work . the second hand comes off and then the clock cant work . good thing it was cheap
 The actual picture and the online pictures are different . The online picture is very bright and the actual rug is darker than the online picture . It is also very thin . The customer service was very very good .
 This tray is described as being 22 '' long . It is no longer than 12 , if that . We complained and were told that the correct tray would be sent . The small one arrived again . We complained , yet again , and were told -LRB- by email -RRB- to just return the small one . Kind of like being told to just `` go away . '' We have a whole set of this line of pewter . Really nice . A 22 '' tray would be well worth $ 45.00 ; but , this little thing would have to be gold plated to be worth that kind of money .
 In a typical consumer nightmare , my rather expensive Aerobed lasted a bit longer than the warranty period and then became unusable due to a leak that causes the bed to deflate to an uncomfortble point after about three hours of sleep . Unless you like to wake up in the middle of the night and reinflate your bed to keep from being trapped in a plastic cocoon , you will probably want to pass on this . They do give you a patch kit , but I have been unable to find the leak in order to patch it.This is a big disappointment . The bed was comfortable enough and very convenient due to its fast inflation time . It was also surprisingly stable and did not move around or make getting in and out difficult even on a smooth hardwood floor . I barely used this bed over the course of 17 months , and it was slept in less than 50 times . We used it entirely indoors in clean rooms , so the failure is pretty inexplicable . We did deflate and pack away after each use , so maybe the stress of reinflating cut the lifespan , but this is just a guess , and IMO the product should have been designed to last a long time even under that usage pattern.If you read the reviews , as of this writing , about 25 % of users have had leakage problems with these beds . Buyer beware , as even if your leak did happen under warranty , this bed is bulky and heavy even when folded , so mailing it back for service would be a chore . Nice product , but the fragile durability and not inconsiderable price cause me to rate this poorly .
 Got to use it once - friend said it was comfortable . Had another friend come to stay for a week . Went to inflate it and it never made the high-pitched whine indicating full inflation . Has a leak and despite our best efforts , can not find it to patch it . I do n't know if there 's a warranty , but even if there is , who wants to go through the hassle of packaging and shipping a 35 lb bed ? Probably cheaper to buy another one -LRB- not that I would -RRB- . I feel like I threw away my money .
 I ordered 2 of these shelves -LRB- they were the perfect size for my needs -RRB- , and after 2 weeks had not heard anything from the company -LRB- Stacks and Stacks -RRB- about whether or not it had shipped . I sent them an email asking where the items were , and they responded that the item is discontinued and they then canceled my order . So , the item was NEVER in stock -LRB- despite the fact that it STILL says it is in stock on this page ! -RRB- , and not only that , they never bothered to tell me so until I asked them . I realize this is not a `` big '' item , but it still warrants proper customer service.Don ' t buy this item ! You 'll never get it .
 The beads are ok , i expected it to be a little ` fuller ' . I would not recommend buying this because it leaves your hands BLACK from dust or residue as soon as you touch the beads !
 this product was not the quality i thought it was its no privacy what so ever . I actually am in the process of altering it and adding more strands of beads in between the big gaps .
 The picture used should really be some kind of false advertisement ... Why even call it a `` curtain '' ? More like widely spread out , cheaply made strands of bamboo , that dangle there . If you are looking for a `` beaded Curtain '' dont look here .
 The part of this glove that covers the hand is made out of a terry cloth type material . It will pick up any drop of what you are cooking and require a washing . It 's not worth the heavy maintenance .
 These holders do not protect from heat . As someone else noted , after 2 to 3 seconds , you DO feel the heat . They also singe easily , even when you 're simply holding a very hot item -LRB- like off of the grill -RRB- . They look cute -LRB- which gets 1 star -RRB- , but they 're going in the trash if I ca n't return them .
 This vacuum is so lame . I should n't have bought it!Lame suction - So weak !! Difficult to find bags - only a few are available online but kind of expensive for this vacuumNo handle to carry -LRB- There is a hole to carry ?? on the BOTTOM !! It 's so inconvenient !! -RRB- Power switch is on the canister itself , Not handle power switch.I wish I could return this lame vacuum ... Highly regret
 The actual picture and the online pictures are different . The online picture is very bright and the actual rug is darker than the online picture . It is also very thin . The customer service was very very good .
 The actual picture and the online pictures are different . The online picture is very bright and the actual rug is darker than the online picture . It is also very thin . The customer service was very very good .
 I ordered a canopy from a seller -LRB- still talking to them so I am not posting their name -RRB- . The canopy was supposed to have daisies and ribbons . I got this instead . Hopefully this will get resolved.However , this canopy is pretty flimsy . The hoop is a thin metal strip with a clasp that does not really hold the thing together - you can easily slide it in and out . The hoop is also really huge . I got another canopy from Home collection - a blue one with basketballs and the quality is completely different . That one has smaller , thick hoop coated with white paint . It 's also solid so there is no chance the thing will come crashing on my kid .
 I ordered the item in the photo . It looks like an outdoor canopy with canvas or plastic top and four legs . I got a mosquito net you hang over a bed . Item is misrepresented in the photo .
 I love the smallness of this unit , particularly as I am the only coffee-drinking person in the household ! It is simple to use and easy to clean . Great for a quick morning coffee!However I was very disappointed after purchasing this some months ago when the handle of the carafe became ` unattached ' , making it but unusable . I unsuccessfully tried many times to reattach it , which did n't work.I have since purchased another brand - A beautiful Cooks brand from JC Penney on sale . Hopefully more luck with this one !
 How to ruin a perfectly fine four cup coffee maker :1 -RRB- Change the carafe , make it so you can not clean it by making the mouth small , make it fragile with thin glass , make the handle pop off2 -RRB- Make it so you can not see where four cups are on the carafe.This WAS a decent , cheap coffeemaker , not anymore . They changed the design , who knows why , now its junk .
 I wanted a small coffee pot and this one fills the bill . However , it has design issues . It is very difficult to put the top back on the carafe after it has been washed , I always spill coffee when removing the carafe from the unit , and it often drips when I pour . I would not recommend this product .
 I ordered this coffee maker for a gift for my daughter-in-law and it will not put more than 1 cup of water through to brew . The rest of the 4 cups of water steam away with lots of cracking and popping and steaming going on like they do when they are `` limed-up '' This is how is was from day 1 with this unit . I do n't know what to do with it because I ordered it on line and ca n't return it to a store I imaagine . I and my daughter-in-law are VERY UNHAPPY . Can you help ???
 When I got this , it arrived DOA . Since the final destination was the Bahamas , it would cost me 3 time the replacement to send it back . Taking the bottom off , it was discovered that one of the power leads was not well connected to the slider terminal on the on/off buttom . That is lousy QC on Mr. Coffee 's part . I can fix it . Maybe it is time for American firms to enhance there QC at thier offshore plants or bring back to the States to Manufactor
 This coffee maker is good enough for the price . It makes a decent cup of coffee , and gets the job done . However , mine mysteriously broke for no apparent reason after about 3 months . One day it just stopped turning on . Again for the price it 's probably not a huge shock , but I 'd suggest spending an extra 10 dollars and finding a model that wo n't fall apart on you so quickly .
 Two twelve ounce cups of coffee require 25 or 26oz of water , but the vent hole in the rear of the TF5 water tank reservoir limits you to 22oz maximum . Plugged the hole with a tire patch . Go figure ...
 The decanter handle would not clip to the decanter rim after ~ 6 months of use -LRB- hand washed -RRB- . After searching the web and local stores I discovered that the best price for the decanter is $ 15.99 . On-line prices are better but S/H is way too high . At $ 15.99 this is ~ 70 % of the cost of the whole unit . Do n't purchase this unit !
 I bought this to replace my Cuisineart 4 cup coffee maker which works fine , but leaks from the carafe onto the counter with every pour . I have to say that the Mr. Coffee looks pretty nice , the price is right , and after a handful of uses functions just fine . The first few cups tasted less rich and flavorful than I thought they should . Since I still had my old coffee maker , I set up a test using the same variety coffee and same amount in the two coffee makers side-by-side . Sure enough , the Mr. Coffee just does n't make very flavorful coffee and the Cuisinart was noticably better . The Cuisinart has a cone filter and Mr. Coffee has a basket filter which may be the difference or maybe something else?I guess if you drink supermarket Folgers maybe it will get by . I buy a little better coffee and like a good cup , though I do n't think of myself as a coffee snob , and my Mr. Coffee is going to the Goodwill . I 'm back to my old coffee maker until I find something better and would rather wipe up the counter after every pour than drink bad coffee .
 I bought this thinking it was the new version of the one I bought five years ago . Same price but without the auto shut-off , the clock and the pre-set function . All this has is `` on and off '' button . That 's it ... AND the coffee pot is such a horrible design that when you pour liquid from it - it spills all over the counter . I saw that the model I had before is still available and cost a dollar LESS ! You 'll be sorry if you buy this when you can get one with all the other functions for cheaper .
 Not sure what 4 cup measure they were using but must have been a demi-tasse . Way too small . I returned it .
 I sent if back because it leaked water all over my cabinet . Did I get a credit for my return ? I 'm not sure because I never got the confirming email .
 The only difference between this Mr. Coffee coffeemaker and the one I bought and returned was mine said 5 cups . It worked perfectly , did n't drip or spill or spit , made 31/2 cups of coffee with 5 tbl spoons of coffee to 4 cups water . But it tasted like plastic . I tried 5 times to make coffee that tasted like coffee and never did . Other people had problems with the machine itself , I just could n't drink the weird tasting stuff that came out of it .
 It smells strange when it works ... Maybe that 's because of the plastic , anyway , I ca n't use it to make coffee ... the coffee tastes strange . .
 I am about to buy my 4th coffee maker in less than a year and a half . My new pot now can not maintain keeping the electricity on . I have to stand there and keep punching the on button to get a pot of coffee . One of the others just stopped working . Another could n't keep time at all . I wanted it for the size . MR COFFE products are no longer desireable .
 This is the poorest design of a coffeepot I have ever seen in my over 50 years of drinking coffee.The lid opens up to vertical which interferes with the pot when filling the unit . And if that is not enough , if you overfill the unit , there is a hole in the back of the unit where the water runs out onto your counter .
 I 'm not a big fan of coffee but when I was visiting Bar Harbor on one of my trips I got hooked up on blueberry coffee . So , I decided to get myself a coffee maker and make some nice coffee to reminiscence those days in Boston , Portland and Bar Harbor .1 st of all , thing coffee maker DOES N'T come with permanent filter . It says right there in the desc , but now I 'm stuck with this thing without any filters to put in it . Grrrrr ... It 's not a huge deal , but I work on a cruise ship and now I have to wait for several days before I can go out in port and buy some . Extra expense , waiting ... Not nice .2 nd , I did listen to criticism and put some water through it first to clean it . Not even half a cup of water ended up inside carafe . Hmmmmm ... I expected it will go through but then again , maybe I 'm mistaken . Hopefully it wo n't happen like that with coffee , we 'll see.Other than these minor complains , I think that it is a good deal for the money . I 'll give it a test once I get filters and see how good coffee actually tastes as there 's some complaints about that .
 A $ 19 coffee maker is a $ 19 coffee maker . It is much flimsier than I expected . Easily qualifies as a $ 9 coffee maker!Save you money ! Purchase a $ 20 coffee maker . LOL
 A Second to reviewer A. Day -LSB- faulty electronics -RSB- ; but the manufacturer WAS Sunbeam . See the base-plate . Reviewers who say well designed & made are not wrong -- at first you have to go by appearance and performance . But how do you know about the digital electronics ? And who , in this day & age , expects THEM to fail ? Clock on mine went bad at 8 mos . . reset to 12:00 erratically , but still made coffee . Then LED readout started to dim -- still there but faint . Very strange . Now , 12 mos . + , ca n't switch on.Notice Joe Coffee is dis-owning this model . They have a new one in the same category . Obviously stock sold to discounters on `` do n't use our name '' . I wonder whose name is on the baseplate of the replacement model . ? Meantime , sorry Joe , I have to try someone else .
 Great inexpensive small pot that does n't take up much room on your counter but ... after a few short months , the warming plate rusted and started to peel off . Manufacturer was n't much help either .
 After my Braun coffee maker broke , I was looking for a cost-effective , smaller coffeemaker and chose this one . BIG MISTAKE ! The coffee it brews tastes terribly bitter , and I have n't been able to find a way to avoid this . The coffeemaker is too cheap to bother paying return shipping to Amazon , so I 've just wasted money that could have gone to a better product . Lesson learned ! 9/5/2011-An update
 Two years ago , I brought it and like it . I drink coffee in the morning , so only used it only once a day . Six month after I brought it , its heat plate started growing rusty . I continuely used it for additional six month when the 50 % heat plate was rusted . I thought it was an incidence , so I threw it away and brought the same model again . Nine month late , 20 % heat plate is rusted ... . This time I do n't think it is a incidence again .
 I wanted a small coffee maker for my decaf coffee and this fit the bill , it looks nice and it 's easy to use , but the coffee tastes lousy and it does n't get hot enough , even if I leave it on the hot plate for a while . I 've used it for over six months and tried different brands of coffee , but to no avail . I guess you get what you pay for . I just got a more expensive Zojirushi 5-cup coffee maker and it makes fabulous tasting hot coffee . Well worth it .
 Mr Coffee makes WEAK , LUKE-WARM coffee . It is sad but true . It 's the basket style filter 's fault along with a slow warming plate . I found a better , yet more expensive , maker by Zojirushi . It uses the CONE filter which seems to be best for the STRONG coffee I love . Amazon also has a Moka brew maker that sounds really great but is too expensive for me .
 After a few years of very satisfied daily usage , I had to replace my previous Mr. Coffee 4-cup maker due to leakage . I replaced it with this new version , which has easy pouring both in the maker and out the pot . But the pot hole at the top is much smaller than the previous one , making it hard to wash the inside by hand . I then tried using a brush and the glass pot easily broke off at the top . Now I have a brand new coffee maker without a pot . I 'm back to shopping for a new coffee maker after only two uses from this one .
 I recently ordered a new Mr. Coffee 4-cup Coffeemaker from Amazon when my old one died ... However , Buyers should beware , they have changed the design of these coffee makers . They no longer have a seperate flip of lid for the water reservoir in the back ... Now it is just one long flip up lid from front to back ... and the water reservoir is kindof flattened out horizontally . It makes it very difficult to pour the water into the reservoir without spilling . And you also have to make sure and SNAP the entire top on before starting the coffe maker or the water does n't go through the coffee portion when on ... it will just sit in the Coffee section and make a big wet soggy overflow mess ... I would NOT recommend this model to anyone . I am looking for a new Brand of 4 cup coffee maker ... Sorry folks .
 The first two pots were fine . But then the coffee tasted awful . Like burnt electric . I avoid this by running water through the machine before making a pot -LRB- and that water comes out stinking -RRB- . A real time-waster . Maybe there is some clever knack to cleaning that I have overlooked . More likely , I bought a dud .
 This coffee maker started out working fine , but after three months there is something wrong with the way it is brewing ... it is sending water through the thing too quickly or something , and half of the grounds inside the filter remain dry . Water just goes right through it for a weak brew no matter how much coffee you use . I 'm tired of this capitalist system that supports crappy products that break .
 I just purchased this coffee maker and I was very excited to use it in my office at work . Unfortunately it does not make a very hot cup of coffee -LRB- at least mine did not -RRB- . After being disappointed by my first mugs temperature , I decided to let the second serving sit on the hot plate for a while , hoping that would make it hotter . Sadly it was even cooler after 40 minutes of sitting . So , while the taste of the coffee was nice , the temperature was not . I returned it right away . : -LRB-
 This is the second Mr. Coffee machine I 've had recently . I had a larger one and did n't like it because the coffee it brewed was bitter . Got this 4 cup which is a perfect size for one person . Same problem , bitter bad tasting coffee . I cleaned the pot with a good cleaning agent and the bitterness improved for maybe a couple of pots . Now it is back . I beginning to get the feeling that unless I clean the machine at least once a week or maybe twice a week I am going to be drinking bitter terrible tasting coffee . This is a lot of hassle to be constantly cleaning the machine just to get a decent cup of coffee . I hate this brand !
 Great size , nice design , aesthetically . But it drips onto the warming plate every time that you make it pause to pour during brewing , which gradually erodes the surface of that plate and makes the carafe stick to it . It often splatters when you pour from the carafe even after brewing stops . So you end up with coffee splatters all over the coffeemaker and counter . Best alternative
 Not sure why . Mr Coffee is a reputable brand but this one just does n't work . I 'm in the process of returning it . Brewed one pot but the next day did n't brew anything ! Cleaned it , read directions , etc. . . nothing
 Mr Coffee has been making coffee pots for awhile , so I thought I could just trust the brand name and get a good coffee pot . That assumption proved to be false . The main thing I was seeking in a coffee pot is a pot that does not dribble from the glass pot when you pour it . I have entertained the idea that it is somehow my fault that some coffee pots dribble when I use them , and in that vein have conducted experiments in which I changed the angle and speed of pouring . All I want is for all the coffee to go into the cup , and not dribble down the side of the pot and on to the kitchen counter . It does not seem like too much to ask ! I have come to the conclusion it is not me , at least with this coffee pot , and that there is likely a design flaw in play.Speaking of design flaws , I have also noticed that this coffee pot accumulates a lots of moisture in the inside top of the coffee pot . If you do not wipe it down between uses , it will sometimes create a small stream of old water that will dribble down when you open the lid to make a fresh pot of coffee.If I ever find a coffee pot that says `` Guaranteed not to dribble ! '' I will definitely give it a try . This is not that coffee pot . Not recommended .
 The carafe is poorly designed and it 's nearly impossible to pour a cup of coffee without spilling . The same holds true if you use the carafe to fill the water reservoir . When removing the carafe to pour a cup of coffee during brewing , the maker drips onto the hot-plate causing burning on the plate - contrary to what the manufacturer declares . The cover needs to be closed to keep the coffee basket from pushing up when you place the carafe under the drip maker . We purchased this for our camper . When we realized how much of a mess it created to make a couple cups of coffee , we put our house coffee maker in the camper . It 's messy and not worth the time for a couple cups of coffee . I recommend looking for something other than this model .
 This coffee maker has a very poor design in my opinion . The carafe has an opening too small to get into to clean and it will not fit under a refrigerator water fill door to fill . The top lid for water fill drips condensate all down the back of the appliance when you raise it to remove the basket , the water measurements on the pot and the appliance do not equal the same amounts . Probably the worst thing is the no auto switch-off feature . This is dangerous . I did n't think I would need an auto turn off feature but I was wrong - every appliance like this should auto shut-off . Once I figured out what the water measurements were however , the coffee it makes is great . I plan to get rid of this before long - it is not safe .
 The lid on this product leaks when you pour your coffee . Would not recommend . It will annoy you . Better to pay more and get the other product .
 This coffee pot worked for a feww days then started leaking water out the bottom . It had to be return it .
 Ordered as a gift . Dead out of the box . Recipient called Mr. Coffee direct and they told him they would send a replacement out within a week , but I 'm not happy about the product being dead out of the box . Hope to have better luck with the replacement .
 This was a poor product as the heating element did not heat the water enough as it poured over the grinds . Nor did the plate keep the coffee hot . It was a waste of money and we left it on the cruise ship for the staff . -LRB- We brought it to make coffee in our cabin since ship coffee sucks -RRB-
 I never leave reviews but this coffee maker is TERRIBLE . Can not pour from the pot without spilling . It 's not just me . Others come to my house and try to use it and our counter is constantly soaked . I hate it .
 I usually drink just one cup of coffee a day , at breakfast , and did n't want to spend big bucks for one of those high-priced machines that uses little individual cups . I did have a 4 cup Mr. Coffee before that worked just fine until it died a few weeks ago , but there 's something about the carafe on this one - no matter how careful I am , water spills all over the counter when pouring it into the machine , then coffee spills all over when pouring it into the cup . The water spilling is n't so bad - at least my kitchen counter gets wiped down well every night when I 'm preparing my coffee pot for the morning , but it 's a pain to not only have to remember to pour the coffee over the sink , but also lose a cup or so of it as well . Not only that , but depending upon the amount of water spilled when filling the reservoir , the coffee often comes out too strong.I tossed the box right away , thinking this would be as good as the one it replaced , but if I had n't , this would be going back .
 Claims to be By Sunbeam but is a Mr Coffee unit . I 've gone through 2 Mr Coffee 4 cup units in the last year . The power switch fails and they become useless . Make sure you know what you are ordering , it is not a Sunbeam unit .
 The actual picture and the online pictures are different . The online picture is very bright and the actual rug is darker than the online picture . It is also very thin . The customer service was very very good .
 The actual picture and the online pictures are different . The online picture is very bright and the actual rug is darker than the online picture . It is also very thin . The customer service was very very good .
 I just received my second box of floral-patterned sheets after returning the first . How dare they substitute floral for solid . I bought these to go with a pattern that I DO like , and purple flowers do n't go with the duvet cover I already had . Now the website has updated the pictures so it looks like we buyers are the fools , but we were scammed . At least Amazon has n't charged us for the shipping .
 These sheets came not just in yellow -LRB- solid color -RRB- like I thought from the description but yellow with big purple lilacs on them . They are ugly but soft . Poor description , misleading .
 These sheets seemed quite thin compared to other flannel sheets and had many visible imperfections . There were small white spots and places where a thread had come loose and balled up . All in all , I would not buy them again . I almost never use them , choosing instead to use the much better Wamsutta flannel sheets that I bought for the same price -LRB- $ 10 -RRB- .
 I chose these sheets for two reasons - they appeared to be soft and warm like any good flannel should be -LRB- they are -RRB- , and the were not fussy plaid or floral or gingham like some flannel sheets are . I do not like fussy floral patterns . I AVOID ever purchasing an item with such a pattern . So imagine my surprise when I opened the box from Amazon today to reveal yellow flannel sheets covered in an awful lilac and vine pattern ! I would never have bought these sheets if I had known that the item shipped would be different from the item pictured.They ARE soft and snuggly and warm , so if you LIKE floral sheets , they 're fine . I just do n't , and I 'm extremely disappointed.UPDATE - The photo now reflects the actual pattern on the sheets .
 I thought I was ordering solid yellow sheets and got something with grapes on it . Sent it back . Just opened my new box - it has grapes - but at least the background is yellow . I see they have corrected the picture though . Very strange , this has never happened with Amazon before . Off to check to see if it at least matches current yellow-pattern comforter .
 I ordered these yellow sheets twice and twice I got yellow sheets with large purple flowers , which I did not want . Gave up and ordered white and green which were just fine .
 This must be an error on the Amazon website because the same thing happened to me that happened to the other customer who wrote a review - lilac and vine sheets arrived with the same information as the solid yellow . Apparently the same product , but with the wrong description online ! These are FLORAL sheets !
 I 'm someone who likes to feel their sheets before they buy them , so I was a little hesitant to purchase online . I bought these based solely on the `` Waverly '' brand . I assumed they would be a mid-to-high quality flannel sheet because of the brand . I was wrong . The sheets are very thin and not very soft . I would not purchase these again .
 Serious fire hazard if you have a gas range . Tag & loop easily catch fire . Perhaps it is n't meant to be left on while the pan is on the stove , but it is certainly tempting to do if you are cooking something complicated which takes a while -LRB- & therefore the pan 's handle becomes really hot -RRB- . Happily I was still right by the stove when it caught fire & could quickly toss it into the sink . Beware .
 Serious fire hazard if you have a gas range . Tag & loop easily catch fire . Perhaps it is n't meant to be left on while the pan is on the stove , but it is certainly tempting to do if you are cooking something complicated which takes a while -LRB- & therefore the pan 's handle becomes really hot -RRB- . Happily I was still right by the stove when it caught fire & could quickly toss it into the sink . Beware .
 I purchased this frame along with another by the same company that has a darker frame and gold highlights . When I received this frame in the mail , it had 2 cracks in the frame on diagonal corners . Paint was quite glossy , not what I was expecting . The paint finish made the product appear cheap rather than classy . The other frame -LRB- which I also reviewed as poor quality , shipped damage -RRB- was in worse condition , and more expensive . As I recommended on the other product , do n't waste your money on this frame , and instead look for something of much nicer quality if you plan to frame something nice .
 works great for cheerios ... but not well for large granola clusters . granola clusters dont seem to come out easily at all . ALSO you can not fit a large bowl under the dispensor , it works for small and short bowls ONLY . Very small room for the bowl . Also , with tax this is appox 50.00 , so not cheap .
 Ordered 2 units , 1 plastic container arrived cracked . Finally , after no response to 2 emails , called customer service and was told a refund will be issued . You must keep the cap on the bottom or the cereal does go stale , I like the design but would like to see a declining barrier on the top of the cereal that goes down as the cereal goes down to keep the air out .
 The dry food dispenser is nice to look at but very MESSY ... cereal falls out of the dispenser after you are finished dispensing ... save yourself the hassle and expense and keep serving cereal the old fashion way ... out of the box !
 Ordered two of these frames for picutres Ive been putting off to frame and I received both frames w / shattered glass .
 I originally ordered two of these for my diplomas and one of the originals came broken , with a large chunk missing . I returned it for a replacement , which came in a box that was too narrow but very tall , and the sides were all banged up from breaking the box and the glass was broken . When I tried to return this for another replacement , Amazon cancelled the order and sent a refund , stating that the third would probably come broken as well so there was no reason to send it . Unfortunately , then I had only one frame and two diplomas so I needed to return the original unbroken one . After a very tedious help chat conversation with an Amazon representative that accomplished nothing , I finally was able to reach someone on the phone who was able to process the return and said they would n't charge return shipping fees . I was surprised this morning to get an email saying they withheld nearly $ 16 for return shipping fees ... after calling Amazon I got my full refund , but this whole process has been ridiculous . I 've never experienced such poor customer service from Amazon before , or had anything arrive damaged , let alone two of the same item . So - buyer beware
 I ordered this item and recieved my shipment promptly - the only problem was that the mixer was bright yellow , not white . It was a Christmas gift for my mother ; needless to say , she has yet to recieve her gift . I am in the process of returning the mixer , however Amazon.com suddenly is no longer in stock , and they refuse to send me the item I ordered . Be careful when dealing with Amazon - if they make a mistake , it is not likely that they will fix it .
 I called kitchenaid and they told me to purchase a pouring shield . I told them amazon advertised a pouring shield included in the purchase price . I 'd appreciate if amazon would stop their false advertising of the contents of the box . Please send me the shield that I `` m missing . Also , please redo your description of the item and it 's accessories.All people who have purchased this item should be given a free shield since it was told to us that it was to be included .
 These are great mixers and Amazon offers them at a great price . However , the pouring shield is NOT included with these refurbs . I purchased 9 of these as gifts and there is no pouring shield in the box . As of this date , Amazon has NOT corrected the description for the Accolade refurbs . When I contacted them , my options were to either have the recipient pack-up the mixer and return it or to purchase a pouring shield on the open market at my expense . A third option was to contact KitchenAid to request a pouring shield , but this path has also yielded no results . NOT ACCEPTABLE AMAZON !!!! AMAZON is responsible for fixing this error . AMAZON should ship pouring shields to all those who purchased this item . Why Amazon does n't simply correct the description is beyond me . BUYER BEWARE !! Amazon has also failed to correct a description for another KithenAid mixer as well -- I purchased what I thought was a Professional 5 PLUS mixer -LRB- 450 Watts -RRB- and what they shipped was the Professional 5 HD model -LRB- 350 Watts -RRB- . Again , this review is not a negative report on KitchenAid -- it ia only for Amazon 's behavior in these specific instances .
 I just can agree with the other reviewer ... Great mixers but the pouring shield is NOT included with these refurbs . There is no pouring shield in the box , although mentioned in the item description . Amazon has NOT corrected the description for the Accolade refurbs.Amazon 's reaction not helpful at all . . So if you need a great mixer for a great price go for it , but be aware that you wo n't get the shield ... AND DO N'T EXPECT A HELPFUL REACTION FROM AMAZON
 These are great mixers and Amazon offers them at a great price . However , the pouring shield is NOT included with these refurbs . I purchased 9 of these as gifts and there is no pouring shield in the box . As of this date , Amazon has NOT corrected the description for the Accolade refurbs . When I contacted them , my options were to either have the recipient pack-up the mixer and return it or to purchase a pouring shield on the open market at my expense . A third option was to contact KitchenAid to request a pouring shield , but this path has also yielded no results . NOT ACCEPTABLE AMAZON !!!! AMAZON is responsible for fixing this error . AMAZON should ship pouring shields to all those who purchased this item . Why Amazon does n't simply correct the description is beyond me . BUYER BEWARE !! Amazon has also failed to correct a description for another KithenAid mixer as well -- I purchased what I thought was a Professional 5 PLUS mixer -LRB- 450 Watts -RRB- and what they shipped was the Professional 5 HD model -LRB- 350 Watts -RRB- . Again , this review is not a negative report on KitchenAid -- it ia only for Amazon 's behavior in these specific instances .
 These are great mixers and Amazon offers them at a great price . However , the pouring shield is NOT included with these refurbs . I purchased 9 of these as gifts and there is no pouring shield in the box . As of this date , Amazon has NOT corrected the description for the Accolade refurbs . When I contacted them , my options were to either have the recipient pack-up the mixer and return it or to purchase a pouring shield on the open market at my expense . A third option was to contact KitchenAid to request a pouring shield , but this path has also yielded no results . NOT ACCEPTABLE AMAZON !!!! AMAZON is responsible for fixing this error . AMAZON should ship pouring shields to all those who purchased this item . Why Amazon does n't simply correct the description is beyond me . BUYER BEWARE !! Amazon has also failed to correct a description for another KithenAid mixer as well -- I purchased what I thought was a Professional 5 PLUS mixer -LRB- 450 Watts -RRB- and what they shipped was the Professional 5 HD model -LRB- 350 Watts -RRB- . Again , this review is not a negative report on KitchenAid -- it ia only for Amazon 's behavior in these specific instances .
 These are great mixers and Amazon offers them at a great price . However , the pouring shield is NOT included with these refurbs . I purchased 9 of these as gifts and there is no pouring shield in the box . As of this date , Amazon has NOT corrected the description for the Accolade refurbs . When I contacted them , my options were to either have the recipient pack-up the mixer and return it or to purchase a pouring shield on the open market at my expense . A third option was to contact KitchenAid to request a pouring shield , but this path has also yielded no results . NOT ACCEPTABLE AMAZON !!!! AMAZON is responsible for fixing this error . AMAZON should ship pouring shields to all those who purchased this item . Why Amazon does n't simply correct the description is beyond me . BUYER BEWARE !! Amazon has also failed to correct a description for another KithenAid mixer as well -- I purchased what I thought was a Professional 5 PLUS mixer -LRB- 450 Watts -RRB- and what they shipped was the Professional 5 HD model -LRB- 350 Watts -RRB- . Again , this review is not a negative report on KitchenAid -- it ia only for Amazon 's behavior in these specific instances .
 These are great mixers and Amazon offers them at a great price . However , the pouring shield is NOT included with these refurbs . I purchased 9 of these as gifts and there is no pouring shield in the box . As of this date , Amazon has NOT corrected the description for the Accolade refurbs . When I contacted them , my options were to either have the recipient pack-up the mixer and return it or to purchase a pouring shield on the open market at my expense . A third option was to contact KitchenAid to request a pouring shield , but this path has also yielded no results . NOT ACCEPTABLE AMAZON !!!! AMAZON is responsible for fixing this error . AMAZON should ship pouring shields to all those who purchased this item . Why Amazon does n't simply correct the description is beyond me . BUYER BEWARE !! Amazon has also failed to correct a description for another KithenAid mixer as well -- I purchased what I thought was a Professional 5 PLUS mixer -LRB- 450 Watts -RRB- and what they shipped was the Professional 5 HD model -LRB- 350 Watts -RRB- . Again , this review is not a negative report on KitchenAid -- it ia only for Amazon 's behavior in these specific instances .
 This item was sold in the discription stating it come with a pouring shield . I emailed them and got a respond as follows : Thanks for writing to us at Amazon.com.I have reserched the web site and found that this `` Factory-Reconditioned KitchenAid Accolade 400 Stand Mixer , Meringue `` Does not include pouring shield . You can see the product description in the following URL.Then they give you a website to go to telling you in two placesit comes with a shield.The mixer when I recieved it did not work . Kitchenaid say they discontinued them and wanted to exchange it for a 325 watt vs the 400 watt I originally purchased . I sent it back to the company to get fixed . Not a good purchase on my part !!!
 These are great mixers and Amazon offers them at a great price . However , the pouring shield is NOT included with these refurbs . I purchased 9 of these as gifts and there is no pouring shield in the box . As of this date , Amazon has NOT corrected the description for the Accolade refurbs . When I contacted them , my options were to either have the recipient pack-up the mixer and return it or to purchase a pouring shield on the open market at my expense . A third option was to contact KitchenAid to request a pouring shield , but this path has also yielded no results . NOT ACCEPTABLE AMAZON !!!! AMAZON is responsible for fixing this error . AMAZON should ship pouring shields to all those who purchased this item . Why Amazon does n't simply correct the description is beyond me . BUYER BEWARE !! Amazon has also failed to correct a description for another KithenAid mixer as well -- I purchased what I thought was a Professional 5 PLUS mixer -LRB- 450 Watts -RRB- and what they shipped was the Professional 5 HD model -LRB- 350 Watts -RRB- . Again , this review is not a negative report on KitchenAid -- it ia only for Amazon 's behavior in these specific instances .
 These are great mixers and Amazon offers them at a great price . However , the pouring shield is NOT included with these refurbs . I purchased 9 of these as gifts and there is no pouring shield in the box . As of this date , Amazon has NOT corrected the description for the Accolade refurbs . When I contacted them , my options were to either have the recipient pack-up the mixer and return it or to purchase a pouring shield on the open market at my expense . A third option was to contact KitchenAid to request a pouring shield , but this path has also yielded no results . NOT ACCEPTABLE AMAZON !!!! AMAZON is responsible for fixing this error . AMAZON should ship pouring shields to all those who purchased this item . Why Amazon does n't simply correct the description is beyond me . BUYER BEWARE !! Amazon has also failed to correct a description for another KithenAid mixer as well -- I purchased what I thought was a Professional 5 PLUS mixer -LRB- 450 Watts -RRB- and what they shipped was the Professional 5 HD model -LRB- 350 Watts -RRB- . Again , this review is not a negative report on KitchenAid -- it ia only for Amazon 's behavior in these specific instances .
 These are great mixers and Amazon offers them at a great price . However , the pouring shield is NOT included with these refurbs . I purchased 9 of these as gifts and there is no pouring shield in the box . As of this date , Amazon has NOT corrected the description for the Accolade refurbs . When I contacted them , my options were to either have the recipient pack-up the mixer and return it or to purchase a pouring shield on the open market at my expense . A third option was to contact KitchenAid to request a pouring shield , but this path has also yielded no results . NOT ACCEPTABLE AMAZON !!!! AMAZON is responsible for fixing this error . AMAZON should ship pouring shields to all those who purchased this item . Why Amazon does n't simply correct the description is beyond me . BUYER BEWARE !! Amazon has also failed to correct a description for another KithenAid mixer as well -- I purchased what I thought was a Professional 5 PLUS mixer -LRB- 450 Watts -RRB- and what they shipped was the Professional 5 HD model -LRB- 350 Watts -RRB- . Again , this review is not a negative report on KitchenAid -- it ia only for Amazon 's behavior in these specific instances .
 I purchased this frame along with another by the same company that has a darker frame and gold highlights . When I received this frame in the mail , it had 2 cracks in the frame on diagonal corners . Paint was quite glossy , not what I was expecting . The paint finish made the product appear cheap rather than classy . The other frame -LRB- which I also reviewed as poor quality , shipped damage -RRB- was in worse condition , and more expensive . As I recommended on the other product , do n't waste your money on this frame , and instead look for something of much nicer quality if you plan to frame something nice .
 Very disappointed , this did not fit.Same size just nothing to secure it to stay put . Most reviews said it fit.Model # 7440-980 If you have this model , it will not fit !
 This is my second tank that leaks , mixes soap and clean water in the clean water tank . I am not sure what to do now .
 The product itself is flawed , made with shoddy materials that do n't assemble as described , and looks terrible when hung up . The arms do n't line up , they droop even without any weight on them , and the top bracket arrived completely stripped and would not screw onto the metal rod . Awful !
 Do n't buy this unless you want to waste money . The hanger does n't hold the pants - they slip off !
 I 've had this scale for almost a year and it has never given the same weight twice ; sometimes weights taken only a few seconds apart vary by 8-10 pounds . I 've taken to weighing myself 3 or 4 times in a row and then averaging the results . Even the average does n't seem accurate . I 've had friends weigh themselves with similar results.Given the fairly high price of this scale , I would n't recommend it for anything other than a modern decoration for one 's bathroom .
 I bought this scale because it could weigh people over 350 lbs. , which at the time of purchase , I was . However , I found it very difficult to use . Bending over to tap the scale hurt my knees . Keeping my feet so close together , as required by the directions , made me rotationally unstable . I had to hold on to a towel rack to not keel over . When you are in the over 350 lb category , you need a wide stance . I gave the scale away and bought a typical doctor 's mechanical scale .
 As cute as it looked in the picture it wasnt that way in person-First off , it was poorly packaged and the tail was deattached-Since this was a gift for someone 's b-day -LRB- a bulldog lover -RRB- and it was coming up soon I didnt want to bother w / the hassle of returning it-I fixed the tail myself w / a hot glue gun-The clock was loose and was on the verge of falling out when i put the battery in-The dog was dark and the eyes looks sick and nothing like the picture-The tail was SUPPOSED to wag back and forth but since it was too heavy it didnt do it-Overall , it was an OK gift but could have been a lot better - BUY if absolutely necessary!Sorry , but it wasnt that great to be honest-The Plush Webkinz Bulldog was adorable tho - Check out that review by me !!
 The red is not set in , and smudges . The sheets are nice flannel . I 'd go with a solid color next time .
 This has been replaced , unknown to Aubuchon , with the 6113 model . It is brushed stainless on top and the plates have the grill ridges , like a Foreman . They were very nice about it when I called them , are issuing a full refund and told me to keep the product . However , I 'm still on a quest to find a reasonably priced machine with flat plates . If you were to grill something really greasy on here in the open grill position , like ground beef , the grease would overflow as the `` drip '' area around the plates are not very deep . Also , the plates do n't fit very tightly , so your grease could wind up under the plate in the electrical area . If you order this I would suggest using only in the closed position for sandwiches .
 Just very bad reliability for this type of product . We should expect a MTBF of at least 5 years . Very disappointing .
 I decided to buy this toaster after seeing a review stating that it 's an excellent , made-in-the-USA product . When it arrived , my wife immediately pointed out the made-in-China logo . Well , the new manufacturing plant does n't appear to be able to build this product right . When we first started using it , it seemed like the five darkness settings were
 After searching the internet for a Made in America toaster , I thought the West Bend brand was it.I was WRONG!None of the West Bend small appliancesare Made In America . They , like many corporationshave shifted production to a factory in China leavinghundreds if not thousands of Americans out of work.Currently the government states that unemploymentis ONLY 9.6 % , BUT do you believe it ? Look at clothing labels , read the boxesof every product you buy and guess what ! Chances are it was n't made here.I will be returning this cheaply made toaster today andlook to other manufacturers like Haier and Sharp USA .
 I bought this great looking toaster back in June of 2006 . I first noticed that it toasted darker on one side -LRB- when not on the bagel setting -RRB- , but I was willing to overlook that `` problem '' . After just a few months of use , the lever pops up after a few seconds and I have to push it back down 2 or 3 more times in order for it to toast my bread . Back to West Bend it goes !
 We are very disappointed in the peformance of this toaster . The bread will toast good on the inside but barley on the outside . I sent email to West Bend and was told the maybe the bagle switch was stuck -- no help . If I return it , shipping cost makes it not worth it . Good appearance and Company name fooled me . FYI
 I have learned one thing about Amazon you do n't buy AMERICAN made products . Before I bought this from you I asked 3 different people if the toaster was made in AMERICA and they all said yes . So I bought it an when I received it had a seal on the bottom that said made in china was I upset ... So now I put you in the same class as walmart that is selling JUNK . . I would think we the AMERICAN people would be sick of supporting these people that would love to take over the great land of ours , and the companys in the U.S.A. DO N'T seem to get it , WAKE UP PLEASE WAKE UP ... Ron a very unhappy camper ...
 When perusing toaster selections , ask yourself this very important question
 First of all , I try very hard NOT to buy Chinese goods . The ad for this toaster led me to believe it was US made . NOT ! I plugged it in , and it stunk like burning plastic . OK , it 's brand new , so I 'll try a few cycles . Then some more . Still smells like burning plastic . I complained to the seller , no response . I complained to Amazon , they got the seller to refund my $ . They did n't want it back , so in the trash it went .
 This simply does not toast very well . I was very disappointed that this West Bend appliance , despite its nice construction , good design -LRB- the controls are right on top -RRB- takes a very long time - on the highest setting - to only half way toast whole grain bread , which I must then re-toast . If all that you make is toast from light , white flour breads it may be okay.Another problem
 I purchased this item and it came in ... the item is listed as being Made in China . My return was easily made with Amazon .
 I purchased this mandolin based on the one my mother has owned for the past 15 years , still in great shape , by the same maker . This mandolin is a large disappointment . After only using it twice the plastic underneath that holds the different blades broke off . Then it cracked in the plastic near the handle . The safety holder is also flimsy and is difficult to keep the items being sliced in place . It is poorly made and certainly not anywhere near the quality of the one my mother owns .
 Bought the chair and sofa as a set . The Chair is great , very comfortable and sturdy , this sofa however is not . They are constructed the same way , but the sofa is too long for this type of construction . Within a week , I had to replace the support frame under the cushions with plywood , I am not a heavy person -LRB- 225 lbs -RRB- and do n't do the `` sofa flop '' onto any of my furniture . About a month after that , the cleats supporting the plywood gave out and I fixed those , a few weeks , the back started to give out , so a full reconstruction of the frame was under way . By the time I finished , the arms were the only existing original pieces left , the rest of the frame was completely replaced . I would have been better off buying two chairs , just so I had a set of matching arms ... then do the rest of the work myself .
 I had the older version of this 6 quart nonstick slow cooker , and it was 100 % better than this one . I should have returned this rather than keep it . I do n't know if it is because of the stainless on the outside , but this cooker does n't heat evenly at all . The temperature knob jumps by itself , too ! Nice feature ... NOT ! The nonstick coating is VERY THIN , and things do stick to the bottom of it . I 've never used metal utensils with this pan , yet the coating is peeling off . I say , do n't buy it ! It is very hard to control the heat to a good simmer , and with the jumping temperature knob , it really makes things worse . I would not trust leaving this alone in my home without supervision . So to sum it up ... food sticks on the bottom , does n't heat evenly , temperature control knob moves on its own , nonstick coating is thin and cheap , and peels off . This is an insult to the West Bend name !
 I purchased one of these after having 2 of the older models which I loved . I was so disappointed in the new stainless steel version . The non stick coating bubbled up around the handle rivets and started to peel off . The pot is useless unless you do n't mind picking out non stick coating . Called West Bend about the problem and was told they 'd be happy to sell me a new pot . Would not recommend . '
 This product was a huge disappointment . I bought this after my other one died . It was given to me by my father-in-law and was about 20 years old . I splurged and got the most expensive one in the store thinking it would be the best . I have tried several items in it and they have all been way undercooked , even on high temps . I have to continue to cook in the oven or stove to finish it off . The whole point of me getting a slowcooker was to come home to dinner already prepared , not more cooking . I would NOT recommend this product to anyone .
 I pretty much baby everything I own and take great strides in protecting the non-stick coating of my cooking materials . However after the second use of this appliance , the inside of the pot started to pit in one spot . I only used plastic utensils to stir the food while cooking . I am not happy !
 My first two slow cookers many years ago were West Bends with heated bases that separated from the pot like this one . They were cheap , looked cheap , and cooked beautifully for a very long time -LRB- over 15 years between the two -RRB- . The second eventually broke and I replaced it with a ceramic crock style cooker -LRB- Cuisinart , I think -RRB- with fancy digital timer , etc. because it was available on the wedding registry . It was okay , but it was very heavy and I nearly broke it several times when it slipped out of my hands while washing it . My wife refused to even try to wash it . So when it broke after about 4 years , I decided to go back to the lightweight of the West Bend.I like the stainless look of this cooker and it 's light weight , but it does not cook well . My biggest mistake was letting it sit in the box unopened for 2 months before even trying it out . Normally , I use the slow cooker about every two weeks , but I 'd just purchased a new grill and was doing a lot of meat on it.At the high end of the `` LO '' range , I let a tri-tip cook 10 hours and it was still raw in the middle . Next time I tried a try-tip in the `` MED '' range-after 10 hours , a little more done than the previous one , but still nowhere close . The third tri-tip was set to `` HI '' for 10 hours . The middle was okay , a little dry , but the bottom had 2 burn patches.I really wanted this to work because it 's so easy to clean and handle , but it does a lousy job cooking.I 've waited too long -LRB- more than 30 days -RRB- to return for a full refund , so will return it and take whatever they 'll give me.Lesson learned
 The inside coating is peeling badly after less than a dozen uses ! And I am very careful cleaning the interior!My old West Bend model lasted 20 years . Lousy quality .
 I do n't know what is up with this thing , but there is really something wrong somewhere.I originally bought the black one , but everything cooked way too fast -LRB- even on low heat -RRB- and the meat was always tough . Thinking there was something wrong with it I bought the stainless steel one . The same thing happened . I gave up and now make pot roast and beef stew , using the same recipes , on the stove in a Dutch oven , which come out so nice and tender .
 Ordered this slow cooker in January ,2012 . Slow cooker has never been in the dishwasher always wshed by hand . My wife was washing the pot this morning and the teflon coating came off in two spots each about 2 '' X 1 '' in length . I will be looking for a new slow cooker and it will not be a West Bend product .
 The unit is okay , great for sauteing veggies before slow cooking , etc. . However , the metal does n't conduct heat as well as ceramic , so the sides and top do not heat as much as the bottom , requiring stirring -LRB- negating using this when you are away -RRB- . This also leads to uncertain cooking time . I do n't cook meat , so it is just a matter of making sure my veggies are tender , but I might worry about the safety of cooking meat . Also , the griddle is pretty useless . I thought that would be a neat feature , but after trying to cook french toast , I will never use the griddle again . You are literally SLOW COOKING your french toast . It was endlessly , painfully slow . Due to the construction of this , it also does not travel all that well , which is a bummer . I have to say , after three years of slow cooking less and less , I 'm on Amazon looking for a crock-style replacement . It still works , and will be a fine hand-me-down to a young person in a new apartment , but I 'm looking for something a little more functional . I am bummed , because the concept was promising !
 The first time we tried to use this slow cooker , my wife and I learned that the bottom of the bowl bowed badly when it began to heat . Once full heating occured the surface area hitting the heat unit was so small that the cooker dangerously rocked side-to-side ! My wife did n't feel it was safe to use the unit and has requested a replacement from West Bend ! Hopefully the next unit wo n't be a hazard to use !
 This item does NOT work with a glass top stove . As it heats up , for browning meat , the bottom rounds out and rocks on the glass top . Only a small portion of the bottom makes contact with the glass top stove . I called West Bend customer service and this is a problem they are addressing .
 This slow cooker cooks well BUT , the black coating on the inside started peeling very soon after I bought it and has now virtually peeled off . I can not use it anymore as it has been leaving little black pieces of the coating in the food . It is an inferior slow cooker as the inside coating should be permanently bonded with the metal of the pot and definitely should not peel off so easily .
 I also was disappointed with this crock pot . I have always loved the West Bend heated base with separate pan that I would brown the meat in first . I have a cheaper W/B one that cooks rings around this one , even on medium . I wanted a better pot and spent more than I wanted to , but thought it would be worth it , but it was not . I gave it more than one chance , on different temps but got the same results . By this time , I lost my receipt and had to keep it . West Bend gave me no answer with an email . : -LRB-
 Do not buy this slow cooker ! I have had one for a couple of years now ... the teflon started coming off my first pot and West Bend replaced it and advised me not to wash it in the dishwasher . Now less than one year later , the teflon is coming off the second one too ! It has never been in the dishwasher and has never been used on its highest setting ! I have used it on the slow cooking high setting which is about midrange for the knob . I am very disappointed in this crock pot and have purchased another brand !
 After having an `` ol reliable '' Crock Pot that was given to me by my mom -LRB- it 's about 20 years old -RRB- , I decided to splurge on something new , After a recommendation by a cooking magazine , I decided to give this a shot . After several tries of cooking roasts , pork chops , and beef stew -LRB- which were always done to perfection in the other pot -RRB- they were not done after 10-12 hours on High.I 'm glad I did n't get rid of my old pot -LRB- and glad I kept the receipt - I 'm returning it . -RRB-
 This is the 3rd slow cooker with heated base that I have had in 30 + years . By far this is the worst one as far as durability that I have owned . In the past the interior bottom of the cooker has worn and the coating has become scratched and has worn away in spots after YEARS of ownership and use . However , I have had this one far less than a year and have used it only for spaghetti sauce and heating already made beef stew , chicken/biscuits , etc. . I have never used any utensils that would scratch the interior and yet there is an obvious line about 1.5 inches from the top on one side along the length of the cooker where the surface has obviously worn off . WHY would it have worn ??? I have only used wooden spoons and do not stir along the cooker 's interior . I have been very conscious of this one since it was very expensive compared to past prices and I intended to keep it a long time . I would not recommend this cooker in spite of the many nice features . No telling what is in the coating .
 I bought this slow-cooker in Sept. 2012 and have used it three-four times per month since then . Despite the light use , the nonstick lining has flaked off around the handle rivets . I always wash it by hand , so I 'm at a loss for why the nonstick lining is coming off . I expect more from a high-end product . Also , it does n't regulate temperature well . If you have the temperature set to anything other than ` warm ' , the dish tends to boil .
 When cold , pot lies perfectly flat on the heater -LRB- or any flat surface -RRB- and makes good contact . When heated , within 15 seconds , pot deforms and makes very poor contact with the heater - it rocks noticeably back and forth when the handles are depressed . Thus things take forever to cook . We had a prior West Bend model that had a heavier pot and did not have this problem . We 're returning this model for a refund - it 's unusable . Very disappointed .
 I purchased this item because it was similar to a previous slow cooker I had from West Bend . However , I have cooked a corn beef and also a rump roast and have been very disappointed . I cooked the corn beef on the low setting as recommended for slow cooking , and cooked it for over 12 hours . It came out tough and the potatoes and carrots were hard . The rump roast I cooked on medium for over 11 hours and it also came out tough and the potatoes , carrots and turnips were hard .
 This pillow was just too firm . Does n't cradle to your head properly . Ca n't adjust it unless you force it . If attempting to adjust , it clumps up and easily deforms and is difficult to get it back to its original form . Cheap filling .
 Unlike the Zyliss `` Transparent Rapid Food Chopper A-1 '' or the Zyliss `` Comfort Chopper '' , this model 's fatal flaws are the slanted sides and reduced footprint of the chopping blade . Even though they 've tried to build in paddles that are intended to rotate the food between strokes , the fact is that the end product is very unevenly chopped
 I bought this item because I hate chopping onions most of all and was disappointed with the product . It sticks during chopping . I have learned to manually chop things . I may not be fast as a professional chef but I do a much better job than the chopper does . I ditched the chopper .
 This product literally fell apart in my hands while using it to sharpen a axe . I will say that it did indeed sharpen the axe a little bit . but before I could finish I had a handful of white and gray sand in my hand .
 I ordered 12 boxes of the Celebrations net-style lights . Of the 12 , 3 had whole sections -LRB- about 1/3 of each net -RRB- that would not light . I tried tightening and checking bulbs , but I could n't see what was wrong and endued up having to overlap the nets to get even coverage . Also two of the nets had lights that were unevenly spaced -- as if the machine had skipped a spot and there was a stitch missing in the net . A whole row of lights was uneven when the net was stretched out into its rectangular shape -- the lights were closer together at one end than the other . I was very disappointed and will never buy from this company again .
 Three strands of lights were delivered . 2 were of a darker shade that the third . One of the three boxes had been opened . Only one had replacement bulbs and fuses included.Sent one strand back for replacement . It took about 6 emails and an equal number of phone calls . A refund was issued w/o further discussion or input that the third set would not be replaced . Had to scramble for a third set locally . Fortunately found a set to complete decorations before Holiday.Cannot recommend this vendor .
 I ordered these and it did not say a color so I ordered them assuming that they were clear . Wow to my surprise they are GREEN , really on a green bush . This is not a good product to buy because of the bad description .
 These collapse when I 'm trying to put the lid on . Not good if it is full of soup and the bowl decides to get smaller . Do n't recommend at ALL - any size or any color .
 The seat snapped halfway between the supports on the left side under normal use conditions . Neither my wife nor I are overweight . This is simply poorly made , and badly designed . Buy another product . You 'll be happier . For example , I purchased a Mayfair in October of 2010 that has lasted fine under heavier usage than this item did . I just ordered another Mayfair to replace this one . I 'm sorry I did n't do that first.Since the rating system requires at least one star , I added that - but no stars would have been better .
 Sorry , but the resolution is pretty bad on this poster . If you buy one it needs to be a big space .
 This sculpture is NOT an exact replica of Rodin 's Thinker and should not be advertised as such . It is only similar . The face and posture are quite different from the original .
 I bought these as gifts for christmas and the hand towels started coming unthreaded all around after ONE WASH. . I figured I 'd take my chances since some people had had this problem and some had n't and I could just return it , but Amazon wanted about half the price I paid for these just to ship it back -LRB- I had bought several of these with matching bath towels and wash cloths -RRB- . It looks like Martex is having a pretty long run of bad batches with these ones , best to stay away ...
 Had major problems with it leaking and ended up having to get another -LRB- different brand -RRB- . I was shocked and a upset because of the mess it left in my kitchen .
 Am I missing something ? Should n't a company called Mr. Coffee actually produce coffee makers that work?Buy this coffee maker if you like the following :1 . Luke warm coffee at best2 . Lid that covers water intake falling off every day3 . Annoying , high-pitched alarm that goes off 4 times when your coffee is done -LRB- so appealing in the early morning -RRB- 4 . Green clock light that could bring ships home safely on a foggy night5 . Having to quickly pour your coffee mid-brew because the machine will start dispensing coffee after 30 seconds w / or w/o carafe .6 . Dribbling coffee everywhere when pouringIt does have a couple nice features , but they really do n't make up for all the bad ones .1 . I like that it turns itself off after an hour - although you do have to endure that annoying , high pitched alarm again at the end of the hour .2 . The brewing dial or whatever they call it is kind of nice since it tells you how long since the coffee has been brewed.Besides that - I 'd make a different purchase if I were you . Some how , some way Mr. Coffee is unaware that people generally make coffee in the morning and w / all its bad points , it will start one of your days off pourly -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- .
 My old cheap coffe pot died and so I found this cool looking one . It was a Mr. Coffee , and it had the thermal caraffe to keep the coffee hot and not cook it to death , programmable , so I thought , `` How could I go wrong ? '' . Oh , my gosh , it has been a nightmare from day one -- water all over cabinet every morning , it takes two hands to push the button and pour the coffee , and most important , the coffee is horrid !!!! I do n't claim to be a coffee expert , but when the coffee is lukewarm after putting creamer in and there is absolutely no way to get a decent cup of coffee from this machine . I have tried everything , even putting it on the strong setting hoping that the water may heat up more . No luck !!! I do n't have the problem like some of the other reviewers , with the overflow of coffee onto the cabinet , but we usually have coffee grounds in the bottom of the caraffe . I hate to complain , but I am now looking for a new machine , and I will read all reviews before I buy .
 Pass on this one . The pot is heavy and awkward to handle - its also hard to clean . The main reason I purchased this was for the Thermal function - however , the coffee does not stay hot - only luke warm . Its ridiculously designed - I cant believe this passed marketing tests .
 While brewing coffee , it overflows and pours down the machine in a discreet manner . You 'll discover your kitchen counter wet and stained . While brewing coffee , steams and condensation covers the clock and controls . The best part is , it 's difficult to pour coffee out of the stainless steel decanter onto a coffee cup.Have a towel ready , but make sure it 's far enough so it wont catch fire from the heating element .
 very dissapointed.Was able to brew 1 pot of coffee before it began to leak all over counter . the top of the carafe broke.Way to many parts on carafe washers etc.tryed to return but lost reciept .
 Love the features but it did n't perform as needed . &#60; br / &#62; 1 . about 1 of every 3 or 4 pots leaked onto the kitchen counter . We contacted the mfr and still have not been able to figure out why it leaks . &#60; br / &#62; 2 . Must depress a button on the decanter to pour the coffee . It takes a great deal of thumb strength -- my wife ca n't press it hard enough to get coffee to pour . &#60; br / &#62; We are returning the unit to our Target store .
 I 'm so furious that I 've wasted this much money on a lousy coffeemaker . For the first 3-4 days it was fine . Then the `` clean '' light came on . Then it would just stop brewing in the middle of the pot for no reason . Now it just shuts off after less than a minute , despite having brewed NO coffee at all . I actually made coffee this morning by pouring hot water from the tea kettle into the top . I 'm pretty sure this is n't how it was supposed to work . And the coffee is n't really hot on the rare occasion that this piece of trash brews a little coffee .
 In the first 3 days that we owned this product , coffee ended up all over the floor twice , my wife burned her hand while opening the lid , and the lid unscrewed itself off and spilled a bunch of coffee on the floor while I was pouring coffee.Let me explain some details about the lid that , due to the thermal qualities of this carafe , is more complicated then other coffee carafes.The lid of the carafe is shaped like a little bowl . During the brewing cycle , hot coffee comes out of the coffeemaker , pours into the bowl , enters the valve , passes through some little cavities and goes into the pot . Seems straightforward , right?Here are the problems : - Sometimes this valve gets stuck , which means that the hot coffee does NOT enter the pot and ends up all over the floor . - When the brewing is complete , hot liquid remains in the cavities . When you pour the coffee , this 180F liquid often spills out of the lid and onto your feet . - If you open the lid , the hot coffee can spill out of the lid and burn your fingers . - To pour the coffee , you press a button on the lid and a second valve opens to let the coffee out . However , if you you press the button too hard , the lid of the pot may unscrew itself and come off , pouring burning hot coffee all over the place .
 Alright , my glass caraffe coffee maker broke . I decided I wanted something not breakable . I stood in the aisle of the store comparing different brands for almost an hour and decided this was the one for me . 4 days after I bought it , it malfunctioned . It would not brew more than 2 cups at a time , and for some reason it was over heating so bad that the steam rising up ruined the clock . Now I ca n't set it at night to brew in the morning . It 's useless to me , and a waste of amlost $ 60 hard earned American Dollars . Mr. Coffee needs to not make anything any more . This was my 2nd Mr. Coffee , and my first was a cappuccinno/coffee maker and the burner plate crackled and popped then shot sparks across the kitchen and would no longer heat . Another malfunction that could have started a fire if I had not been there baby sitting it because it leaked really bad to begin with .
 Sunbeam Product , Inc dropped the ball with this one ! This machine is a joke ! The one thing that it does well is `` make a mess . '' Oh sure , it looks good and does shut off automatically , but that does n't generate a decent pot of coffee.The unit that I purchased and returned within a SIX day time span was horrible.The coffee basket flooded several times , spilling on to my kitchen counter . Needless to say , I went thru several paper towels and dish towels . I was n't happy about that.The water never really got very hot . This was very disappointing also , since I prefer my coffee hot , not luke warm.The delay-brew function on my unit never worked.I have never been soooooooo happy to return `` something '' in all my life . Target was great at taking it back . No hassles there . Guess they 've seen it all before!Skip this coffee maker . It does n't even deserve a star .
 I bought this a month ago from Target . I had n't read the reviews , and once I did , I thought , `` this wo n't happen to me ... must be operator error . '' After the first few uses , I was very pleased . The water filter thing was annoying , so I stopped using that . Then ... my handy `` carafe '' dripped coffee all over my coffee table . Hmmm , must be something wrong , I thought . Next day , same thing . THEN it really started . I came home from my morning walk and the coffee that was brewing while I was gone was ALL OVER my counter . I thought , I must have put the carafe in wrong . Next day , SAME THING ! And the same thing day in and day out . I am finally boxing up this horrible coffee maker and taking it back . I returned from my walk this morning to find a HUGE puddle of coffee on the counter and dripping on to my cupboards below . So I did an experiment , I took paper towels and sopped it up and squeezed the coffee into a mug . Guess what ... Almost 3/4 of that mug was full when I finished cleaning up the counter . This is an awesome looking coffee maker , but do n't be fooled by the looks ... that is all it has , the rest is a leaky pain in the rear .
 I almost threw this coffee maker across my living on more than one occasion due to it 's extremely poor design . Mr. Coffee really struck out on this one considering they are a company that only makes coffemakers . First of all , the water filter device failed after a few uses and would no longer allow water to flow freely through it . This could have been due to the hardness of the tap water in my area but regardless , it 's a filter , it 's supposed to be able to be subjected to not so perfect water . So before i figured out the filter wasnt allowing water to flow I would let it brew and the water would never make it out of the resovoir and would basically just steam up and evaporate . After the entire brewing cycle I would pull the carafe out and there would be NO coffee in the carafe . After realizing it was the filter that was causing problems i just simply removed it and didnt use it . The coffee maker worked for a few days but only if you place the paper coffee filter in perfectly . Otherwise , the dripping water would cause the filter to collapse and then the grains would run out of the filter , clogging the drain and then voila , you get an overflowed grain basket with dirty , grainy water all over your counters.I do not recommend this coffee maker for any reason . Get the hamilton beach Stay or Go 45234 .
 Yes , it looks cool , but it 's disfunctional junk!Lucky for me I do n't have the leaking problem most people have.The problem I have is that it steams so much that you loose almost 50 % of the water you pour in!I 'll pour in all 10 cups of fresh water , and after the 900 watt element has over-steamed the water , I 'll be lucky if I get 5 cups!Then , those 5 cups are too strong ! I then have to add fresh water to the coffee !! Most of the steam comes out where the coffee exits , then goes up into that pretty green LCD display ! The display turns black until it dries out . After so many brewings , the display is starting to form dark spots . I do n't expect the display to last too much longer.Save yourself a headache and do n't buy this thing !
 I ca n't imagine that the people at Mr. Coffee tested this product before they put it on the market . Somehow , the coffee gets backed up into the strainer , floods the whole machine , and leaks out of the bottom all over the counter ! I did n't even realize this was happening until about 2 weeks after I started using it , at which point I picked up the coffee maker to get to some crumbs and found days old coffee sludge and mold ! Gross ! The carafe is poorly designed too . The coffee does n't flow into it when it brews , and a lot runs down the side . It also has to be tipped practically upside down to pour the coffee , unless you take the push-button lid off . This is the worst coffee maker I have ever owned !
 When needing to replace our old coffee maker , my husband fell in love with the sharp looks of this unit . We soon discovered that even with carefull cleaning and inspection this unit will overflow all over . This is not what I want to wake up to in the morning . We actually fixed this problem . I removed the valve that closes when removing the carafe , then had to wire the spout to the carafe in the proper position . I still have the unit on a towel over a cookie sheet on the counter because of lack of trust . But so far this fixed the overflow problem . We also have experienced heavy steam . Even with the nice looking shield above the carafe , the steam ruins the electronics in only a few months . This seems to lead to short cycles , beeping , flashing lights and no display , which is not that bad because the green light illuminates our entire house . I have found though that the coffee is hot , stays hot and the carafe stays cool to the touch . I really like the carafe and will use it and not throw it out with the pot.Now if you would like a good looking nightlight that needs to set over a tub , sometimes makes a half pot of coffee , overflows and beeps a shrill too many time beep , this is the coffee maker for you . I say to Mr coffee , `` great idea , let 's redesign and try again ! ''
 After the fourth time cleaning coffee off my countertop and floor , I 've had it . This coffeemaker will be returned . The only time I used the timer -LRB- had to get a real early start one morning -RRB- I ended up with four cups of coffee on my countertop , floor and rug . The rug is now stained since I did n't have time to clean it before rushing out the door -LRB- late -RRB- . Did n't even have a morning cup of coffee . Believe all of these bad reviews . The coffee is lukewarm when brewed and even cooler from the carafe , since it uses it 's own heat to stay hot , and there is no heat to keep it hot . The two hour cut off is a joke . There is no heat coming from the burner to cut off . I wanted an insulated carafe so I would have hot coffee in the carafe longer . My microwave has been used more with this model than the others I 've had in the past . I think Mr. Coffee spent their R&D budget on the looks and none on the functionality of this machine . BEWARE !!!!!!!
 We have exactly the same problem as a previous reviewer - steam . Its unbelievable . Its supposed to be a 10 cup coffee maker but you are lucky if you get 2 cups . The steam is so bad that it has also somehow damaged the clock face so that we can only see the time at certain times of the day . We have cleaned it as per instructions but it makes no difference whatsoever . We only bought it last month and we arent even using it anymore . I have had really cheap coffee makers that lasted years . Save your cash and dont buy this coffee maker . It looks nice but it sucks .
 I 've always has good results with Mr. Coffee . Consumer Reports has previously rated the lower cost models highly , but THIS model , with Thermal Carafe , and NO Heating element for the carafe , is a Turkey Deluxe.The coffee is absolutely HORRIBLE Tasting . Words can not describe how BAD this coffee tastes.The problem appears to be the lack of a heating pad . In order to compensate , the spray head sprays the coffee at near boiling , rather than the 204F recommended by the Pan American Coffee Council . -RRB- The result is a BURNED COFFEE taste rather than brewed coffee . But , even that is not enough to properly warm the carafe - the result is TEPID Coffee.It 's not a matter of adjusting the amount of coffee or water that you use , it 's just TOO HIGH a temperature . Now perhaps I got a defective one , but judging from the other comments , I do n't think so . I believe that it 's either poor design or poor quality control.The GLASS Carafe version makes good coffee . I replaced my entire coffee maker -LRB- thermal carafe model -RRB- with the glass carafe model that has a heating pad -LRB- with temperature control no less , variable between 170 to 190F , I 'm impressed , but I 'd like it to drop to 160F so I can drink it immediately with no cooling , but that 's just me . -RRB- I commend Mr. Coffee for this feature!By the way , the glass and thermal carafes are NOT interchangeable . They differ in Height , and are coffee maker specific ; one is too tall to fit , and the other is too short to hit the lever -LRB- the lever that stops the coffee when the pot is removed -RRB- to permit the coffee to drain into the carafe.When the spray head water hits the coffee , a temperature difference of just a degree or two either way can make the difference between weak taste -LRB- too cool -RRB- , really mellow taste -LRB- just right -RRB- , or bitter taste -LRB- too hot -RRB- . Personally I 'd love to have control over the spray head temperature so I could fine tune the brew QUALITY.And come on Mr. Coffee , what 's the deal with a heating pad that shuts off after two hours ??? I turn mine off if I 'm leaving , but if I 'm HOME or at the OFFICE . I want the thing to STAY HOT . The only way I 've been successful is to train myself to automatically turn it off , then on , EVERY Time I get near it , while saying '' #### MR COFFEE . '' Do you really want people to say #### MR COFFEE multiple times a day as they reset the heating pad repeatedly?What is so hard about letting US select the timing option , 2,4 , or 6 hours , or , dare I say it , an overheat sensor ? What is that , another 75 cents for another button and a little computer programming time on a over FIFTY Dollar coffee maker.Come on Mr. Coffee . Quit being SO CHEAP and Think of your CUSTOMERS more than saving a few pennies per unit!Summary
 NO STARS ! I recently have come to find that not only does this coffee maker have all of the defects others have stated , but due to the `` leaking '' & issues w / the filter basket overflowing , you may also notice that the water never completely drains-staying at the 2 cup line-causing MOLD & MILLDEW to grow -LRB- DESPITE proper cleaning & maintenance -RRB- . This is the reason for the `` bad tasting coffee '' & also the reason for my current various medical conditions ... I am interested in raising awareness so that other consumers avoid the health issues I am being faced with . PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE ANY MR. COFFEE/SUNBEAM PRODUCTS ... THIS IS THE EXACT MODEL I OWN , BUT NEARLY EVERY MODEL , HAS THE SAME DEFECTIVE CONSTRUCTION & consumer complaints ... Check the Better Business Bureau & Consumer Affairs ... You will be shocked at what you find about Mr. Coffee/Sunbeam . They have almost gone bankrupt from Class Action Lawsuits , more than once . If ANYONE has a similar situation with ANY Mr. Coffee brand coffee makers , please contact me ASAP ... My email address is angidougherty@yahoo.com People are suffering because of this hazardous product & may not even know it ... Toxic Mold Poisoning is very serious & can be deadly . Especially through drinking it in your morning coffee . YUM !
 I purchased this pot in November 2005 . I have since lost the receipt -LRB- of course ! -RRB- . I purchased it becauase I could take the carafe with me to work and wake up to freshly brewed coffee . Well , that happened faithfully until a month ago.Water started leaking out of the pot , not brewed coffee , just water.Then it would brew only 1/2 the amout of water in the resevoir and ` beep ' to single it was finished . I would have to turn it off , wait a minute or two and turn it back on to finish brewing.After calling Mr.Coffee , they suggested that I put the pot through the ` clean ' cycle . I did , it brewed great for about 4 days.So , along comes one paticular Saturday morning , my son 's birthday party ... lots of kids -LRB- 15 -RRB- and I have to make pancakes ! WHAT ! NO coffee !! Yep , would only brew ONE CUP AT A TIME . That was it . I had it.I have n't had coffee since then ... which is probably good in a way , but I have contacted Mr. Coffee to see what they will offer me ... if anything .
 I actually bought two ... what a waste of time . First one leaked a full pot of coffee all over the kitchen about every other day . It was NOT user error , either . I read directions 5 times thinking maybe I was crazy . Returned for replacement , and same thing kept happening . Some kind of design problem . Do n't even think of it ! Bummer , because I really liked the look and countdown timer feature . By the way , I still have coffee stains in the grout of my brand new tile floor !
 A machine that looks this good ought to make wonderful coffee and be reliable for years . Instead , it makes mediocre coffee and leaks coffee on the counter . There is no obvious source of the coffee leak , but the puddle increases in size each day . It 's a disappointment , and I plan to return it to the store .
 I have to agree with another review I read about this machine . Mine brewed 3 times perfectly , then would leak the next batch . There is an extra feature on this model which allows you to pour while it is still brewing , but the mechanism that allows this does not always funtion properly , causing the water to back up inside the unit instead of flowing into the carafe ; it eventually finds a way out and ends up on your counter .
 Christmas morning and the slow , ongoing leak , which we worked around over the last year , finally gave way and voila ! hot coffee and water and grounds all over the counter and floors . And yes , we clean our coffeemaker daily , and yes , we know how to properly run the thing too . -LRB- We gave up on the water filter soon after purchase -- it kept falling into the coffee grounds . -RRB- Why the two stars ? We wanted to love this machine ! We wanted it to work ! It is a handsome machine with a handsome pedigree -LRB- a Mr. Coffee ! -RRB- . The clock is nice . The thermal carafe is lovely . Until the BIG LEAK , we made do with its daily dribble and sputter . But really , after examining the unit carefully before its trip to the trash can , we realized how foolish we were in keeping this fire hazard going as long as we did . That 's why I 've bothered to write this review . It is not an inexpensive machine ; the quality is n't there . Sorry .
 If you do n't seat the filter basket absolutely perfectly , the coffee will not go into the pot and it will overflow , making a horrible mess on your counter and down your cabinets and on your floor , not to mention inside the coffee maker . This has happened to me 4 times now , which is the last thing I need when running late for work . It 's amazing that Mr. Coffee let this peice of junk onto the market . They obviously never used the thing themselves .
 Listen to the terrible reviews !!! They are right !!! This is terrible hazzard !! I bought one , since it looked so cool and Hey , It 's Mr. Coffee , so it has to be good , right ?? WRONG !!! My husband set the timer and woke to a floor Full of Coffee !! Not just once either we tried it many times and you never knew when it would do it , but it did , so after 2 times we returned it !! My Mom has the square red version with no problems , so it must just be this model!They should recall these before someone gets hurt !!
 Thank the good Lord that this was given to us because if i bought it i 'd be spitting nails !!!!!! First of all , this product will not perform for a hardcore coffee drinker who just wants their coffee and no hassels . I mean ... it 's not rocket science right ??! MAJORLY UNPREDICTABLE PERFORMANCE !! Biggest complaint
 I purchased this coffee maker thinking that it would give me hot coffee for a longer period of time , without losing flavor . The reviews are exact when they say you have to rinse the thermal carafe out with hot , hot water if you want hot coffee . There is no warming plate on this model and if you are expecting your coffee to stay hot for more than 20 minutes then I suggest not buying this product . You are forced to `` re-heat '' the coffee and once you do that you lose the flavor . It looks pretty on the counter , but that 's about all it 's worth . I am now looking into purchasing a Braun with a glass decanter -LRB- the thermals are all getting the same reviews regardless of the maker -RRB- .
 Great looking machine but leaks . Obvious engineering flaw .
 I did n't buy this coffee pot from Amazon , I actually bought it from Wal-Mart . I am currently trying to negotiate an exchange with Mr. Coffee directly since I lost my Wal-Mart receipt and could not return it for a refund . This coffee pot never worked correctly , ever . I 've cleaned up several massive floods from it , and the coffee has stained my kitchen counter tops -LRB- ARGH ! -RRB- and it ran down my white cupboards staining them as well . Please , no matter how cheap the price may be , please do n't buy it , it 's just not worth it . The few times it did work correctly , it did n't make a very good cup of coffee anyway .
 I have read all these reviews and I agree with most of them . I thought something was wrong with just mine but most people have the same issues ... leaks . Could n't really ever figure out if it was one leak or two but keeping a towel under the coffee maker is just too much of a mess . Also , I agree with the person who wrote about having to pull the coffee maker out from under the the cabinet to pour water in . Too much drama . Oh well , Mr. Coffee , it seemed like a good idea at the time I guess . Very sad that it did n't work out .
 1 . The black ink that describes the tiny buttons have poor contrast against the chrome .2 . You have to pull it away from the counter to pour in the water .3 . It has a beeper that disturbs the whole house . Did they think we welcome yet another annoyance from an appliance that reprimands us that it has some function to fulfill ? 4 . The buttons have poor tactile response . Why not just have a few big buttons or knobs that can be read with bleary eyes BEFORE the first cup of coffee?I would n't recommend this product or this company to anyone .
 This coffeemaker 's design is flawed . But my customer service experience on complaining about it was the best I 've received from any company in years . They sent their new thermal carafe model , which appears to have the design flaw with the filter carrier taken care of . Give them a chance to make it right . Customer service is part of the equation with any purchase , and Mr. Coffee/Sunbeam has impressed me on that score .
 I 've had mine for about a year and a half and have hated it most of this time . It would work ok for a while , but then it would proceed to flood my kitchen with coffee pouring out of the bottom of the machine . This has happened on multiple occasions . I tracked down the problem and it is an issue with the poor design of the drip lip that sends the coffee into the carafe as it is brewed . I got a new one because I ca n't stand cleaning up the messes anymore .
 I purchased the Mr. Coffee ISTX85 recently and was very disappointed . I relied on the Mr. Coffee name brand and a brief review of coffee makers that indicated Mr. Coffee did make some decent coffee makers . Unfortunately , this is not one of them . The day-to-day use of this coffee maker does n't seem to have been given much thought . It appears that most of the initial investment went into appearance , at the expense of efficiency and functionality . I can not recommend this maker to anyone . In fact , I strongly encourage you to keep looking . While this maker is capable of creating a decent cup of coffee , its disadvantages and flaws caused me to quickly replace it . * Poorly designed manualIt 's a small thing , but it might be good to include at least a picture in the manual that tells me how to open the carafe lid . It is not immediately evident and a thorough search of the manual provided NO help at all . * Poorly designed reservoir accessThe design makes it very difficult to use it under a counter -LRB- where most people place a coffee maker !! -RRB- The cover of the water reservoir and coffee filter receptacle is one single lid and is so tall that it has to be completely pulled out from under any wall cabinets in order to place water or coffee in it . * Spillage , spillage everywhereIt is very difficult to actually pour water in the water reservoir . Now this was stunning to me . This is an activity that occurs every time this appliance is used . Yet Mr. Coffee created a monster that requires a careful and steady hand pouring at a slow rate of speed and aimed in JUST the right spot -LRB- Try that at 5:00 AM after 4 hours of sleep ! -RRB- Even when done according to these harsh standards , spillage and overrun still occurs , partly because of the poorly designed lip on the carafe , which seems to be intentionally created to ensure that at least some of the water or coffee never lands in the target area . * Even more spillageAnd probably most importantly , this coffee maker leaks ; an absolute killer for any coffee maker . In my house , if you leak , you die ! And I am pleased to say that the suffering of this Mr. Coffee ISTX85 is over . Thank God for Target 's return policy and for Braun , an excellent manufacturer whose designers obviously think seriously about practical every day use when they design their appliances . * Attempts to turn my single purchase into a monthly contributionFourth , the additional water filter is cute , but it 's an inconvenience . Mr. Coffee expects me to wash it after EVERY use and to replace it EVERY month -LRB- With , course , their brand of filter -RRB- . It was the first thing to go in a drawer . If I want my water filtered , I 'll attach a Pur filter to my faucet.BOTTOM LINE : STAY AWAY ! This coffee maker was made for looks only . If you need a $ 60 green night-light in your kitchen , then buy this . Otherwise , there are many other brands of coffee maker in this price range -LRB- and less -RRB- that are functional , efficient , and easy to use ; which is everything that this maker is not !
 Save your $ $ . Do not buy this product . It floods thr coffee basket with water making a mess . After a month of use it says it needs to be cleaned . Finally , it wo n't heat all the water , you have to turn the machine on and off 3 or 4 times to cycle the water through .
 I finally had to replace this coffee maker due to the mess it constantly made all over my counter . It appears to have a design flaw that was corrected in the newer model . Mr. Coffee will not even acknowledge this problem . I will never , ever buy a Mr. Coffee product again .
 If you like cleaning coffee sludge off of your countertops , buy this coffee maker . Coffee leaks down behind the carafe and into the base of the coffee maker . There is always coffee under the carafe . Pick up the coffe maker and accumulated coffee sludge leaks out of the base . It 's obvious that this design was either not tested of they just do n't care . I will never buy another Mr. Coffee product .
 I have had this coffee maker for four months now and am online now because I am buying a new coffee maker . The second week I had this coffee maker it started leaking coffee when I would make it . I tried everything to fix it , but I can not figure out exactly where the leak is coming from . All I know is that I love coffee and hate wasting any of it . I also am sick of my counter getting dirty from coffee leaking everywhere . I wish I could get a refund from Mr. Coffee on this one because it is awful .
 I really do not ask for much in life , except for a decent cup of coffee in the morning , and no drama . Well with this machine , one nevers knows what you 'll get . Some mornings it 's one or the other , or both . I must admit that this piece of junk can produce a damn good cup of jo , but at what cost ? I have sat here , and read all of the reviews on this item , and with the exception of the few pleased customers , every-ONE seems to be having a similar promblem . I really wish I had stumbled upon this site before I ploped down my credit card for this , this green night light that occasionally works like it should . Oh it looks really pretty sitting on my counter , but look closer , and you will see a puddle of coffee beneath the surface , and that is on a good day . I had to laugh at the review with the tip to resolve this problem , like waiting 20 seconds before putting the carafe back , and doing this , and that . . c'mon people let 's alll get real , and call a spade a spade , coffee in the morning should not be that complicated . The only solution that I have found to this problem is insert Mr Coffee maker in trash , get in your car , and buy yourself another Coffee Maker , not made by Mr Coffee . . problem solved .
 We bought this coffee pot for the features and the brand . It worked great for about three mounths then when the water filter that came with it got old we took it out . Then the leaking problems started . Every morning we run to the kitchen in anticipation and excitement to see what kind of mess we have and how much coffee we get to drink . We thought it was because the water filter was missing but could not find a replacement . In fact I was looking for a filter on this web sight when I ran accros this review page and found out that every one else is having the same trouble . Its going back on thursday if they will take it . All of the features seam to work well -LRB- except for the getting the coffee in the pot part -RRB- and it looks good . &#60; br / &#62;
 I HATE this coffee maker . It leaks all over my white corian countertops and stains them . I have tried several different ways of pouring the water in as well as leaving the carafe lid off and on . It still leaks . Do Not buy this product ! Shame on Mr. Coffee for leaving this obviously flawed item on the market !
 This is the worst coffee maker I have ever used ! I even sent a letter to the manufacturer and requested a recall . The following is a list of problems with the ISTX85 model : &#60; br / &#62; -1 - The coffee is never hot . Even after it has completed the cycle , the coffee is just warm . &#60; br / &#62; -2 - The thermal carafe does not keep the coffee hot as stated in the product literature . &#60; br / &#62; -3 - The thermal carafe is extremely difficult to use and from which to pour . A button must be pushed at the top of the handle and even then the coffee just dribbles out and down the carafe . &#60; br / &#62; -4 - The lid on the thermal carafe is difficult to operate . With wet hands , it is impossible to remove the lid or secure it back on . &#60; br / &#62; -5 - The removable water filter does not fit securely on top of the coffee grind basket . When placed on top , the coffee maker lid does not close properly . &#60; br / &#62; -6 - It is difficult to pour water into the coffee maker . The place to pour the water is too small and water dribbles all over the countertop and down the side of the coffee maker . &#60; br / &#62; -7 - The programmable buttons on the front are difficult to understand and operate . &#60; br / &#62; -8 - It leaks .
 I was so excited when I bought this coffeemaker . It looks absolutely stunning on my counter . If I was buying it for decoration I 'd be perfectly happy . My previous Mr Coffee lasted 11 years , so , that was the only brand I looked at . This coffeemaker worked perfectly for 3 days . Since then I have spent more time cleaning up my countertops then I have drinking coffee . Yesterday , I tried making 3 pots of coffee before finally giving up . I was jumping for joy last night . I found my receipt . One month of disgust now over . THIS THING GOES BACK TODAY !!!!!! &#60; br / &#62;
 I really rated it a minus 1 . I 'm not having a leaking problem like everyone else is from the carafe , mine leaks water from the bottom of the unit , the clock will not keep the correct time resulting in no auto brew and if by chance the timer does go off I only get a half pot because the remainder of the water that was suppose to brew coffee ran out all over the counter . The unit is going back TODAY ! I unfortunately stumbled upon this rate-a-coffee pot -LRB- a bit late I 'd say -RRB- when I went on-line looking for the store policy on returns . I 'm still not sure if the store will take it back . I wonder if anyone from Mr. Coffee has ever stumpled across this particular rate-a-coffee pot . It sure did educate me ... this was the first and last Mr. Coffee brand brewer I will ever buy ! And when the opportunity arises I surely will tell everyone not to buy Mr. Coffee ...
 At first this unit was wonderful , then one day I awoke to coffee drips . The next day it was everywhere . It did n't do it everyday , but enough for me to say forget it -LCB- especially when I awoke one morning to find it had spilled to an inch of the white carpet -- 10 feet away ! -RCB- Save yourself the trouble , wish I had .
 Like the 20 or so other consumers of this product , I share their frustration of coffee on my counter top instead of in Mr. Coffee 's thermal carafe . Unfortunately I did n't read the reviews until after the purchase , after the problems ... &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; I purchased this coffee maker b/c my previous coffee maker ; also a Mr. Coffee began to brew coffee on the counter top . This was n't much of a surprise though b/c it was roughly 2 years old and heavily used ... not to mention a rough cross-country move . I figured I got my money out of the first , and at the time did n't oppose the idea of getting another Mr. Coffee . &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; My criteria for the next coffee maker was simple
 The first one I had the carafe leaked . I returned it and got another one . Now the coffee is not hot . I will be returning this one also . Looks great but too many other problems . Do n't buy it . &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; Curt &#60; br / &#62; Houston
 I was very excited to purchase this item . For a month I got wonderful coffee every morning . Then one day , I got up to find coffee all over my countertop ! And it has consistently done this since ! The coffee dribbles down the side of the pot instead of into it ! Shame on Mr. Coffee !
 This is the last Mr. Coffee we will ever buy , EVERY one we have ever had LEAKS coffee all over the counter , I kept giving it another chance thinking they could have fixed this problem by now , but no more , do n't waste your money .
 Bought this on Xmas Eve to use on Xmas Day . Set it up but could n't use it because it does n't have a permanent filter included and does n't take standard disposable coffee filters . If you buy this machine you either need to buy Mr. Coffee filters or a Mr. Coffee permanent filter -LRB- sold separately -RRB- . Would have been nice had it said so on the box !!
 They felt really nice brand new.After washing few times , tiny pills are all over the towels!Only the cotton/poly blend fabric will pill .100 % cotton towel wo n't pill.Very strange!Not worth it!Update
 I did n't expect really sturdy or exceptionally well-made paper umbrellas . I bought a whole gross -LRB- 144 -RRB- because I knew there 'd be several unusable ones or they 'd break . I did n't have terribly high expectations , honestly.That said , I 'm very disappointed in what I got . The little plastic stays to keep the umbrellas open do n't work on half of them . Some of them did n't even have the little plastic stays . I got ONE blue one in the entire gross . Definitely not a very good assortment of colors . Speaking of color , many of them were n't even completely colored and had white patches at the edges . I was very frustrated with this low quality product which ruined the project I 'd bought them for .
 While this is a great deal , the quality is poor , the feel is like sand paper and you can literally see though the material . Not worth the hassle or the $ ! A 1 star rating is over-rated .
 Still have n't gotten my poster that was ordered May 12 . I will contact my friend who works at Amazon and do whatever it takes to shut this scam down . Countless reviews talking about similar results , but I guess i deserve this for not reading them prior to ordering item . This post will be taken down if item is received by Wednesday . Good luck .
 Theese pillows are cheap . I just bought them a few months ago , they where fine for about a month . Now , I am haveing to buy new pillows . Bad quilty for the money . I will never purchase them again .
 This is the second replacement I 've had to order for this coffee maker . The first broke when I hit the side of the sink while cleaning . The second broke when I was cleaning it with a long-handled brush . It never should have broken so easily . Do they not expect me to clean it ? Jeez !
 It leaks ! I 'm spilling more coffee than I 'm drinking ! I 'm going to return it and hopefully the next one wo n't leak !
 We purchased this Black & Decker coffee maker b/c the cheaper model we bought DIED within two weeks of using . From the start this new one Model #CM 1010B 12 cup programmable began dripping each time we 'd pour a cup of coffee . It drips out between the glass and the plastic band around the carafe . I do not recommend this coffee maker . It 's a headache and of course Black & Decker is not going to make good on it , admit there 's a flaw in design . I 've written to them and have gotten no reponse . Do n't waste your money on this coffee maker .
 This is my second and final replacement I will be ordering . The original one broke so easily after bumping it on the side of the sink while being washed . Since my machine had only been in use a few months I decided to just order another one . Here I am just over two months later ordering another because it was cracked after it bumped into a coffee cup when it was being picked up from the drying rack ! I 'm hoping # 3 will last longer because I can not justify the increasing cost to have my current machine . Terribly annoying as I 've tried to be extra careful with it . The glass is just terribly thin and as others have stated water and soap suds do get caught up inside the black ring that surrounds the top . It requires extra rinsing and some interesting maneuvers in order to get it all rinsed out .
 This pot only lasted a short time before the handle came loose therefore making it unuseable.According to some of the other reviews this is a ongoing problem with this product .
 I ordered a replacement after the original cracked during regular use after a few months , and paid extra for quick delivery . Yesterday I noticed the new one was leaking from a 4-inch crack that went around the curve of the base of the decanter , without any trauma whatsoever . What a piece of junk !
 I have a Mr. Coffee FTX41 coffee maker and this pot does nothing but spill coffe everywhere . Completely pointless . What FT series maker does this fit ?
 Like many of the other reviewers , I purchased this because the old pot was dribbling nasty old coffee and/or dishwater out of the front under the plastic rim . And like many of the other reviewers noted , the new one did the exactly the same thing . The new one actually leaked much more than the old one did.I also noticed that the handle seemed a to be attached a little more loosely than the old one . I removed the little plastic cover near the top of the handle , took a screwdriver , and tightened up the screw that was inside . This seemed to alleviate almost all of the dripping . I still get small drips , but at least most of the coffee goes in my cup now . Just be careful not to get carried away when tightening the screw , as you could break the glass .
 As at least one other review mentioned , this pot has a design flaw . When you are washing it , soapy water can get trapped in the upper rim unless you 're extremely careful about rinsing it out . It also pours badly .
 This will be my 2nd replacement decanter for this unit , as the previous 2 have both cracked . Difficult to clean and very fragile . I would not buy this coffee maker again .
 It fits in the coffee maker but it leaks when pouring a cup of coffee or filling the reservoir . I wo n't waste my time next time , just replace the whole thing .
 It leaks and drips and drives me crazy :-LRB- My first one was leaking as well so I bought the replacement since it was cheaper than buying a new coffee maker . Wrong decision .
 Wrong shape , did not fit into my coffee maker , now need to return or give it away or trash it .
 I bought this carafe to replace the older version that had a leaky gasket . The replacement version used a silicon seal -LRB- ha ! I thought this would be an improvement , no gasket to split/crack -RRB- . It appeared to be applied with a glue gun and the precise spot where the start/end point is for the silicon also where the pour spout is . Very frustrating , it has been returned - Amazon handled the return very quickly and easily .
 When you pour it leaks ! It matters not if you pour from the spout or if you pour from the side .
 This is not the first decanter replacement we have had to buy . The last one was great , no problems , no leaking . However , this new one -LRB- same brand , same model -RRB- leaks every single time we use it . I am very disappointed with the performance of this decanter .
 The silicone that holds the black plastic ring at the top broke loose and now coffee leaks out everytime I pour coffee . It happened a month or so after I purchased it so now I 'm stuck with it . I might try to fix it myself , but I 'm not happy with this considering it is a Mr Coffee carafe and not a cheap knock off .
 I must say , I 'm extremely disappointed in this product . In less than 12 months , I 've already had to replace the damn thing 3 times because the glass keeps cracking due to the heat . How can the maker fail to make a coffee pot that can withstand hot temperature ? it 's absolutely ridiculous . Couple that with the fact the rim is too small and it 's difficult to get your hand in the pot to wash it out , and that the handle has been loose on all 3 pots , I can safely say I 'm never purchasing a Mr. Coffee coffee maker again .
 I ca n't believe that one of the largest coffee maker companies who has been doing this for 35 years ca n't figure out how to make a decanter that does n't leak all over the place when you pour . Furthermore , where the plastic meets the glass at the top is not sealed well , so you can see water , coffee , or soap in the little channel between the two . - You ca n't fully rinse it out , so you probably get a little old soapy water each time you pour into your cup . Gross !
 Because of the way the plastic top is attached to the glass carafe , it creates a lip inside . To pour the last few cups you have to nearly up-end the decanter and when you do that steam comes up and stings your hand . Plus the lid is prone to falling off . It is amazing to me that a company whose business is to sell coffee machines ca n't come up with a better design . How did this not get identified in engineering/testing ? Someone had to say `` this does n't work too well , but let 's go with it anyway '' . Cuisinart has it figured out . Buy that brand if you can afford to .
 Fragile thing , this decanter . Mine got broke when I was swishing some ice around inside . The ice went right through the side !
 This carafe has some serious design flaws . First , my hand ca n't fit into it , preventing me from hand washing it , which is my preference when it comes to coffee . As a result , I wash it using a soap brush , but unfortunately , if you hit the side of the carafe a little too hard with the plastic part of the brush , it will crack . Second , there is a space between the plastic top and the glass which can leak , as other reviewers here said . This space also `` traps '' soapy water , so if you do n't submerge it when you rinse , or rinse like crazy , you may get a little dish soap in your coffee . I hope my Mr. Coffee maker dies soon so I can return to Cuisinart or maybe something better .
 So I was one of the thousands affected by the biotch we know as hurricane sandy . My dining room , living room and kitchhen were completely flooded as were appliances and furniture , which brings me to this purchase . I ordered these dining room chairs on DECEMBER 1st -LRB- could 've been cpl days + \ - I 'm not positive -RRB- which I thought gave me plenty time to have these chairs for holiday lollygags.I was wrong , MOSHYA HOME FURNISHINGS -LRB- or POUNDEX -RRB- claims to have shipped my order on December 13th w an estimated delivery of December 16th , which I thought was bogus in itself that it took practically 2 weeks just for them to ship in cozy Texas.Me being the doofus I am , I was wrong again . The fact is that once I wrote an email to MOSHYA -LRB- or POUNDEX -RRB- on Dec 20th asking where these guys -LRB- or chairs -RRB- were , they stated that my pkg `` should have been delivered '' than finally supplied tracking #s , only to find out that they were just thAn being delivered from their warehouse in -LRB- cozy -RRB- Texas on Dec 21st . I 'm in NYC . & So ; I 'm forced to go purchase dining room chairs at a nearby retailer since my holiday gatherings begin tom.I have no clue in regards to the quality of these chairs as I have n't received them yet however , I am already aware that shipping them back would most likely cost almost as much as I paid for them , so nix that idea.Thank you Se & ntilde ; or Moshya -LRB- or laZy ass -RRB- , I am now forced to hear my wife yell at me crosseyed w santa hats on for the upcoming wks @ best & she already took the missletoes down so I 'll be forced to hang out w Palmofmy Handerson during the remainder of 2012 . &#128077;
 Chairs were very small , hard and uncomfortable . the back was very upright and starane feeling . I would not buy this product again.Sorry for the negative review .
 I recently ordered 2 Queen Anne style Cherry dining room chairs from Amazon - suborder throught Visiondecor - the chairs were not the same ones in the picture on the amazon site . Also , when the chairs arrived they were missing one of the dowels and they were dirty and dinged up - I gave them a poor rating and refused to recant the poor rating even though they offered money to do so . I needed the chairs for a family funeral otherwise , I would have returned them - they were of poor quality - the legs had a gap of at least 1/2 inch between the leg and the seat and they were not of good quality . I called Poundex directly to complain about the quality and I was told that I had to take the issue up with the distributor - I asked to speak to Quality Control and my request was refused . I would still like to return them and get my money back
 When received it looks redder than picture and the finish turned out to very high gloss and shinier than photo appearance , I want to return , but will be charged shipping both ways , which costs more than the chairs ... makes me scared to continue to shop online.I received the chairs a while ago but they required assembly and did not have time until today . When took out of the packaging to assemble the chair pad came off its frame and the finish was chipped it several -LRB- visible -RRB- places , also the wood -LRB- for what should be a fine dining chair is rough and unsanded , very poorly finished and overall poor quality construction and overall a very unsatisfactory product . I expect to return this product and receive a full refund for the entire price paid . Thank you for your assistance with this . please send instructions for shipping or having picked up . We note the product shipped from City of Industry which is less than 30 miles from here ... can we return it there ?
 We purchased 2 sets of these chairs -LRB- 4 total -RRB- . Upon receipt , the back of one was broken . We received a replacement . One year later , the front leg on one of the chairs split . This chair had been used fewer than 12 times . We are unable to get a replacement leg since the seller seems to constantly change and what I perceive to be the manufacturer -LRB- Poundex -RRB- says they have been discontinued . It is interesting that the chairs have been discontinued yet they are still offered on Amazon .
 Really not what I expected . I got this for my two year old . The chairs do n't have much support to them so he 's mostly falling off or tipping over on them . The table is only big enough for one toddler with a coloring book . Table and chairs are both light enough for toddlers to turn upside down , side ways , etc. . Thought it would be more sturdy considering the price .
 This is a cute table , but it 's so light that it slides around all over the place . My 2-year-old son likes eating snacks at the table , but when he leans against it , it slides away and he stumbles . Same thing with the chairs . It 's just not really practical to have this table slipping and sliding all over the kitchen . I 'll be looking for something more sturdy that actually stays in place !
 I have Purchased two of these torches and love the look and feel . The problem I 've had with both of them is the safety button at the back of the torch which you have to depress before you can light it is very hard to engage , and has broken on both units . Also when the torch lights , it will not go out until the unit runs out of fuel ... VERY Dangerous !! I called the manufacturer and they were very helpful and quick to respond by replacing the units . It has been over a year , and the one has failed again and will not shut off after replacing the button . The other one is still going strong.I love the torch , but would like to see the child safety switch removed ... . I am retired and do n't have any children . The safety switch is small and hard to engage .
 I bought this based on previous reviews thinking that I could slice through a standard `` baby loaf '' block of cheese . No such luck . This is designed for those little premium cheeses that you put out at parties . I attempted to use this to slice pepper jack cheese . Not happening . Tore through the cheese instead of slicing . Took off huge chunks at the corners of the block . I figured it was the tiny bits of pepper it was getting hung up on so I tried regular old cheddar . Still took off corners in chunks . Not a good item for everyday cheese slicing for sandwiches . Does a great job on small cheeses that are only a total of about 3 inches wide .
 sturdy but dull blade makes it very difficult to actually slice cheese - it tears chunks of cheese off rather than slicing - thin slices are impossible ... we 're still using our very old and broken cheese slicer as it works so much better . I can not recommend this product .
 Cheap looking , bad quality , legs for 3 out of 4 chairs were broken within a year of use . Chairs are uncomfortable ! Save your money for better chairs ! BTW , table is the same bad quality .
 I would love to write a good review about my 4 dinning room chairs . . but as of today I still have n't recieved them !!!! I purchased the chairs on Jan 6th and as of feb 1st I still have n't recieved them !! I could have built them myself by now !!!
 I bought this corkscrew thinking that it would be of good quality , as most of the other reviews said.however at work as i was opening a wine bottle and pulling the cork out the screw broke into two pieces.I had only used it about two times . Now i have to waste my time and return it.I have coworkers that have $ 5 corkscrews that have lasted longer than this piece of junk.Don ' t waste your time and almost $ 40 on this.It 's seriously not as great as it looks .
 This is the worst piece of junk that I have used in years . I work in fine dining and open wine for a living . Laguiole should be embarrassed to be selling such trash .
 Low quality . After using it for a few days , is already falling apart .
 This is listed as a pot holder and described as a mitt ... it is neither . it 's a teeny-tiny sleeve that slides over the handle of your saucepan !!!! very deceiving description and not at ALL what i thought i had ordered . but for the price , it 's not even worth returning so i kept it and just use it as it 's supposed to be used.but if you 're looking for a REAL potholder , check out the le creuset MIT !
 Without notifying me , the seller sent solid navy napkins which I DID NOT WANT . I ORDERED BLUE AND WHITE CHECK !
 Looks great on counter , but makes a lousy cup of coffee - carafe does not stay hot , steam builds up inside and it is prone to get moldy , and is awkward to pour ...
 I 've replaced the carafe 3 times . All 3 carafes leaked through the seal while pouring coffee , resulting in coffee spilled on the counter . It 's a serious design flaw and apparently not fixable as Rowenta was not able to supply a carafe that does not leak.This seal joins the upper and lower halves of the carafe . The 2 pieces are made from different materials . The top half is always plastic . The bottom can be glass or metal.One would think that a company known for irons would know how to prevent leaks.The Rowenta Morrison kettle and toaster also have problems.The Morrison electric kettle also leaks at the seal between the metal plate at bottom and plastic side-walls , leaving water awfully close to the electrical contacts between the base and the kettle.The Morrison toaster has wiring that flexes as the toast goes up and down . This wiring breaks after a few months of usage . it can be soldered back , but it is a pain to fix.As much as I love the form and design , this whole product line is a big disappointment . Good designer . Bad implementation by Rowenta .
 Do not buy this coffee maker . It is beautiful to look at but it does not function properly . The coffee pools up on the lid and spills out .
 Sure , this coffee maker is beautiful on the counter , but it 's terrible . The coffee carafe leaks , it 's difficult to slide the carage back into place , and worse , the top is poorfly ventilated so mold grows under the cover if you do n't keep it open . Nice concept but poorly executed .
 Would definitely buy another one if design flaws were corrected . Great to look at.Coffee sometimes overflows where filter meets carafe . Thats a lot of spill.Stains easily .
 If you need a paper weight that looks like a cork screw , this is for you . Otherwise , it did n't work too well -LSB- for me -RSB- as a wine opener and I had to use force to get the cork out . My OXO opener , at half the price , does a better job and is much easier on the hands . The Anolon Corkscrew looks nice , however !
 I think this is a great premise for a kitchen that is low on counterspace . But , it does not have a very powerful microwave -LRB- 650 watts -RRB- . My biggest problem is with the heating element for toasting/broiling . It is a wire `` spring '' encased in a glass tube . The tube on mine broke after barely being tapped . Not a good design . It was therefore rendered unusable and had to be returned . I suggest the Sanyo EM-Z2100GS instead . It has the same features , but higher wattage and a more protected toasting element .
 This was a great idea , and a space saver but its a piece of junk . It takes 3 times as lond to toast or bake anything . And you ca n't even make microwave popcorn without burning it b/c of the low wattage . Do n't even waste your time .
 The turntable platter is only supported by a center spoke . There are no supports around the edge of the revolving platter . The platter tips and wobbles with all but the lightest items . I was cooking a large bowl of vegetables and when I tried to remove them , the turntable platter and the bowl of hot veggies tipped towards me , the platter itself slid forward out of the microwave , and I got burnt . For this reason alone it is a dangerous item . Also , the dial knob feels like its make out of cheap plastic and could break off without much force . The turning motion of the knob is rough . Spend more and get a better unit - that 's my opinion . It 's going back to Wal Mart .
 I have been using Microwaves since they first came out many many years ago and this is the worst microwave I have ever come across ! In most microwaves it took 40 to 50 seconds to warm 10 oz . of milk this would take atleast 2 minutes in this one , Nevermind a frozen meal it might be quicker to get on the highway travel 30 miles and pickup a meal ! It does n't even deserve one star !
 Bought it today and returning it tommorow , I am glad we bought it where we live -LRB- no freight -RRB- . 6 minutes to toast 1 slice and then a cooling fan runs for another 5 minutes .
 We received this microwave as a wedding present , and it really was a good microwave . The toasting function is handy and seemed to work well . It is a bit small inside , but that was OK since it 's just my husband and now . Now that we 've had it for 2 years , it 's starting to spark while it 's running and I am scared it 's going to start a fire in my kitchen ! I know others have had this problem , and I 'm actually shocked that Sharp has not recalled this item because it really poses a fire hazard . So here 's what I think
 This is the first time that I 've written a review but I decided to do so because I want to warn as many of you to stay away from this product and if possible from Sharp 's products . I recently bought the microwave , after having used another one for more than 12 years . I never had a problem with my other one - it heated well , it always did its job . Fast forward , I bought this one from Macy 's and used it for about 8 months . The door failed to close or open properly at about month 6 . But I figured , things like this happen and it was no big deal . Then my daughter was making popcorn one evening , and it burst into fire . I was obviously terrified as something like this has never happened to us before . I called Sharp to get some assistance . The first time I called , the customer service rep that I was suppose to talk to was n't available . They promised to call me back . They never did . I called for 2 straight weeks , talked to lots of people and yet no one could tell me definitively whether I should take it back to be fixed or just buy a new one . I guess this is part of their customer service tactics . I decided after calling way too many times , that I simply would throw the towel in . I did . I told them how terribly disappointed I was with their service and their product . I 'm an incredibly loyal customer - the kind - that quite frankly every manufacturer wants . But , I can tell you this much , I WILL NEVER BUY ANOTHER SHARP PRODUCT AGAIN . If you purchase any of their microwaves , please know that they may burst into fire and you may get the run around from their customer service . They do n't care about their customers and the integrity of their products . Thank God for choice and I chose to never buy from them again . I also intend to tell my friends and family about this to save them the headache .
 The Sharp Warm and Toasty microwave is a clunky hybrid of toaster and microwave . It takes 10 minutes to toast a muffin . The software is buggy -- I ca n't program it to toast a muffin to the end , but must get up and re-start half way though . The interface is clunky -- it has little relationship to most appliance interface design , so must keep manual handy.Plus , ours JUST DIED died , after only 21/2 years of moderate use.The user manual has no troubleshooting section . -LRB- Like nothing will ever go wrong -RRB- . Neither does their Website . So I tried to contact Sharp through their Website and after filling out all my info and problem details , found their site does n't work with Firefox . The end .
 The Warm & Toasy is a very attractive unit . But , I found it not to my liking . The convection fan stays on long after you 're finished using it . My apartment heated up very quickly . The toaster only toasted on one side of the bread and the convection fan is on for toast . I do n't recommend this unit at all . I returned it.But , I will give Amazon high marks for customer follow service . They arranged for the unit to be picked up at my apartment and let me know when the unit would be picked up . Amazon is an excellent `` department store '' and I will continue to do business with them .
 Many communications of request pick up . No response from Amazon or Ritz . Please follow through .
 My Sharp Microwave arrived on the date stated and was in excellent condition . I am very happy with the Microwave because it does so much more than microwave , it toasts , it bakes , and grills . I have only used my large oven one time since I received the Sharp Microwave . I am very happy with the price , the way I received my Microwave , and most of all is how much I enjoy using the Sharp Microwave.thanks , Martha
 Do n't let the paid reviewers sway your opinion in wasting you money on this . Yes , it 's a combo so you have more counter space . Yes , you can make popcorn and anything else a microwave or toaster oven will cook . But would you want an entire bag of popcorn popped , or perhaps toasted bread in less than 10 minutes ? If so , do n't buy this abomination . Any all-in-one product is never as good as a single use one . If you 're FORCED to buy a combo , well that is obviously understandable . But if you have a choice , stick with buying both . There 's a reason only a handful of combo microwave/toaster ovens are made by only a couple companies . It 's not worth the cost of all those returns .
 This is a lemon . It takes forever to do anything and what it does heat is uneven . My easy bake oven did better job at getting things hot .
 When it comes to microwave ovens , it 's more important to work good than to look good . I bought mine in December 2006 . In June 2007 the heating element which is encased in a glass rod and mounted in the ceiling of the heating compartment cracked spontaneously . Even though it was still under warranty I had to drag it to the closest repair center and back home again and the repair took over 2 weeks . Today , November 2007 , the glass rod cracked spontaneously again . It 's not under warranty anymore so I 'm seriously considering chucking the whole crappy machine and buying a different brand . Even when this thing was working , it did n't perform any of its functions well . In summary , this thing is WEAK WEAK WEAK ! I quickly learned to routinely double any suggested cooking times . The toaster function barely heats the bread and never actually toasts it . The turntable is wobbly . It 's very noisy when it 's running . Random numbers appear at random times on the control plan display . I say avoid this thing at all costs .
 When my wall-mount microwave broke I neede something that wound fit in a small space and since I would end up giving up my toaster oven space , I thought this would be perfect . . wrong . First off , it 's so tiny inside , I ca n't use 3/4 of my microwave cookware . I have n't used the toaster part , but the oven part is ok if you can find cookware small enough to fit on the little round turntable . The microwave part is very disappointing . If you want to make popcorn , forget it , I 've tried 5 times with 3 different brands . I do n't know why they even made a setting for popcorn . And it does a lousy job cooking frozen dinners . Plan on adding an extra 2-4 minutes just to get the inside cooked . This oven is n't horrible but it certainly does n't deliver as expected .
 Do n't buy it unless you :1 -RRB- Enjoy spending 10 minutes to make toast , and have to stop midway through to flip it -LRB- if you want it toasted on both sides -RRB- 2 -RRB- Want to watch bag after bag of Microwave popcorn get ruined and unpopped while this thing destroys it3 -RRB- Hate getting your food in a timely mannerBasically , this is the multifunction printer/scanner/copier of kitchen appliances . It does everything , but doesnt do any of it well . Stay away .
 The concept is brilliant and I really wish I could say that this unit is a good combination toaster/microwave because I have limited kitchen space . Unfortunately , it only has 600 watts of microwave which means it is very slow at defrosting or microwaving a potato . As for a toaster , it is a failure . If you repeat the process two times , you will get bread with a very slight brown to it but it is not toast . I returned the unit and do not think this should be sold as it does not perform as stated .
 We bought this microwave to accomodate our small counter . We figured instead of buying a toaster and a microwave , we could just get this one appliance . Wrong . Although it does toast and microwave , it does neither well . Toasting takes forever and you never get a `` toasty , brown '' color . The surface of the bread/bagel just gets dried out . It does microwave but it takes a long time . The biggest disappointment , though , was that it does not work at all on microwave popcorn . Most of the kernals remain unpopped while those that do pop burn as does the bag . After a few months with this product , we 're buying another microwave .
 I purchased this yellow mixer at Kitchen Collection . I have a 5 qt KitchenAid but I thought this might be kinda fun because of the 400 watts . I WAS SO VERY WRONG !!! I tried to make a batch of bread ... one loaf ... and the mixer labored and bounced around on the counter . To top it off , it took 2 people to turn the bowl to remove it from the mixer . All I can say is RUN . . RUN FAR AWAY FROM THIS ONE . I love my KitchenAid ... I am looking for more power ... I think I may invest in a Viking . If you are going to buy anything ... at least buy KitchenAid . This mixer gets the big THUMBS DOWN !! Unfortunately for me , it is past the 30 days so I can not return it . I guess I will donate it to Goodwill !!!
 I bought this mixer as I really needed a stand mixer and could not afford the one I really wanted , and the 400 watt motor sounded great to me , I made 2 types of candy with it , no problem , when I went to make Peanut butter cookies with it , the motor started smoking and stinking , the Peanut butter cookies killed the motor . So being nice as I am , i just requested a replacement as I figured that It was a defective . Well , I sent that one back , and got the new one -LRB- model number and same color , red -RRB- , and bingo , It died again , motor went out on peanut butter cookies , and my recipie is a soft dough , nothing tough about it at all , my small hand mixer has no problem with this dough . So I do n't recommend this mixer for anyone . Stay Far Away !!
 I purchased this yellow mixer at Kitchen Collection . I have a 5 qt KitchenAid but I thought this might be kinda fun because of the 400 watts . I WAS SO VERY WRONG !!! I tried to make a batch of bread ... one loaf ... and the mixer labored and bounced around on the counter . To top it off , it took 2 people to turn the bowl to remove it from the mixer . All I can say is RUN . . RUN FAR AWAY FROM THIS ONE . I love my KitchenAid ... I am looking for more power ... I think I may invest in a Viking . If you are going to buy anything ... at least buy KitchenAid . This mixer gets the big THUMBS DOWN !! Unfortunately for me , it is past the 30 days so I can not return it . I guess I will donate it to Goodwill !!!
 I bought this mixer as I really needed a stand mixer and could not afford the one I really wanted , and the 400 watt motor sounded great to me , I made 2 types of candy with it , no problem , when I went to make Peanut butter cookies with it , the motor started smoking and stinking , the Peanut butter cookies killed the motor . So being nice as I am , i just requested a replacement as I figured that It was a defective . Well , I sent that one back , and got the new one -LRB- model number and same color , red -RRB- , and bingo , It died again , motor went out on peanut butter cookies , and my recipie is a soft dough , nothing tough about it at all , my small hand mixer has no problem with this dough . So I do n't recommend this mixer for anyone . Stay Far Away !!
 Instructions for knife say make straight cuts on a cutting board . If this is your idea of a paring knife , you will be happy . If not , do not buy it .
 After first opening the package I was very impressed with the weight , the feel of the knives and how extremely sharp they were . Now that I 've used them for a few months I 'm still impressed with how well they cut but I 'm starting to notice rust spots . I have never put them in the dishwasher nor let them soak in water for any length of time . At first it was only the smaller of the knives and though I was n't happy I could have received a single bad blade . Now all three are showing small rust spots . I have owned much less quality knives and not taken nearly as good care of them and non of the previous sets have rusted . These knives are not worth the money you pay for them . I 'm still giving two stars due to the fact that the knives are well balanced and sharp but for this price I would like them to last too .
 The images in the product description suggest this would be a good stand -- simple clean lines . But it 's far from universal
 This stand is well made and looks great . However the arms the attach to the tv only fit certain TVs . If the bolt holes are more then 30 '' apart then you need a different Arm Size that is available by a different part Number . This should be more clearly defined on the literature . Other then that no complaints .
 This product is definetely awful . I used it 4 times and it 's already full of stains . It 's now got a strange colour and always takes days to get dry . Do n't try to use it if you do n't want to get your hair wet . If you have problems with dry weather where you live it can help you get some humidity , but apart from that ...
 This pillow is very comfortable , but the foam just absorbs the water and it 's very difficult to get dry . It does n't `` ring '' out and when it 's set out to dry - it does n't . I have used this pillow maybe five times so far and the foam already has large tears in it all over.This pillow is great in concept , but not for actual use .
 Do n't count on the tagine getting to you whole . I have ordered three of these now . All of them have arrived broken . There is obviously a problem with packing and handling . In addition to being broken , two of them were also the wrong color . Amazon was apologetic and ultimately made an adjustment but it seemed strange that nothing was done to address the packing problem in the second and third shipments . They were all sent out with the same packing . There wo n't be a fourth with this brand .
 I purchased one of these for a Christmas gift . It arrived broken . I returned it.I decided to try again . The second one arrived broken ... As they say fool me once ... I was fooled twice . Will not try again.Liked the idea of the authenticity , but the packaging was terrible .
 Got this as a gift and was really disappointed in the quality . Not only was the base broken , but the design was very uneven and did not look professional . It honestly looked like someone drew it on with a marker . Looks a lot better in the picture than in person . If you just need to cook and do n't care how it looks , it might be great for you . I wanted to keep this out on the counter for show as well as cook from it often , so it was a major disappointment to me .
 This Tagine is a beautiful piece of crockery , but not very functional . The bottom of the Tagine is stamped &#34; cookable - foodsafe , stovetop low temperature only . &#34; If anyone is familiar with the types of food , also known as tagine , cooked in this pot , then one knows the recipes involve vegetables and/or meat.You can not sautee or brown anything at the low temperature required to use this Tagine . When I say low temp , I literally mean the ` low ' setting on your stovetop - all this does is keep food warm !! In order to actually COOK anything you have to use high temperatures first !! Onions do n't sautee on low , meat does n't brown nicely on low , butter barely even melts on low . Phhht ... what is the point of using other pots and pans to do the actual cooking part and then just transferring food to the tagine to do the long-term simmering ? That is just extra work and a waste of time , plus you run the risk of ruining whatever you 're cooking in the first place.I was so excited to get this Tagine and use it to make delicious Moroccan tagines , yumm ! Imagine my disappointment when the darn thing cracks all the way through on my stovetop and sets fire to the juices and oils leaking out of it ! The temperature setting was medium-low . Maybe I just got a bad piece , or maybe it was too hot , I do n't know . I 'm sending it back and trying for a new one and at least it will look nice on top of my cabinets and maybe I can use it to serve food in . -LRB- P.S. I have an electric stove with the old-school burners , I 've read elsewhere that this type of stove and glass top are not recommended for Tagines , so what the heck kind of stove IS recommended ?? -RRB-
 This is a gorgeous product and one I was very happy to receive.Unfortunately the base cracked the very first time I used it , even though I seasoned and used it according to the instructions.The instructions say a diffuser is `` recommended '' for stovetop use . I think this should be upgraded to `` required '' and a diffuser sold with the tagine.At the very least the manufacturer should mention a diffuser as a strongly recommended accessory in the description of this product here on the website . I would certainly have purchased and used one if only I had known .
 I ordered the Le Souk Ceramique Sabrine design . There are actually two different places to order this item from the same company . One calls it `` LeSouk Ceramique Sabrine Design 12 inch cookable Tagine , Black and White '' while showing a tan and brown Tagine while the other site , accessible from one of their other Tagines does not contain the words `` Black and White '' while still showing the picture of the same tan and brown Tagine and the words `` cookable Tagine '' . When my Tagine arrived it was obviously not the same one picture as it was , indeed , Black and White . So I called their number in Washington State and got their customer -LRB- dis -RRB- service rep on the line to explain I had received the wrong color . First she stated that the items were hand made and that the colors were not exact . After explaining that I knew that but that the color was completely off and that I had sent pictures and a link to the page I ordered from -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/Souk-Ceramique-Design-cookable-Tagine/dp/B003ELQ5E2/ref=sr_1_1?s=home-garden&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1300659948&sr;=1-1 -RRB- she then said that she had n't read her emails . She finally found the email then changed her story and stated that the Tan and Brown model was only a serving Tagine and not a `` cooking '' Tagine . She further stated that many of the Tagines arrive broken and was mine broken ? I said it was not so she told me that first it was a cooking Tagine which is what I wanted and that it did n't arrive broken so I should be happy with two out of three . I told her that I would have preferred the other color and could I send it back . She then told me it would cost me $ 28.00 to send it back and that they would n't cover the cost . After I referred her to the link I said -LRB- supplied above -RRB- she then admitted this had happened numerous times in the past and that it was too much trouble to get their contact person at Amazon to change the link to reflect the correct Tagine and this was after talking with her for like 20 minutes , good thing I do n't have to pay long distance phone charges . Well , I kept it , it does work but the amount of `` crazing '' after seasoning per the included instructions -LRB- actually you ca n't call it crazing because crazing is very small hairline cracks , these were giant cracks , not down to the clay but very worrying -RRB- was tremendous . I would never , make that NEVER , do business with this company again nor would I recommend this company to anyone . I consequently purchased an Emile Henry Tagine , real quality but of course at twice the price . Le Souk must mean `` The Sucker '' in Tunisian . I rated it as high as two stars because , well , it does work .
 I had to give one star because there 's no zero on Amazon!I was so happy when I received this tagine ! Finally I could cook and eat like I used to when I lived in the South of France -LRB- where you can find really really good Morocan & Tunisian restaurants !! -RRB- . I wanted to make a surprise to my husband . I was cooking a sweet potatoes/zucchinis tagine on the electric stove -LRB- very low heat -RRB- when I heard a `` crack '' ... Indeed , the dish broke , after 30 min !!! The dish is supposed to stay on the stove at least 1h30 !!! How come it breaks after 30 min ??!! Well , you can imagine how disappointed and furious I was!Because I did n't want to ruin the dinner , I put the food in a baking dish with a pierced aluminium foil on top and then everything in the oven , 300F for 1h30 . The baking dish was not as cool looking and original as the tagine but the taste was the same
 Length :
 I have enjoyed an older Brita filter pitcher for years and thought it was time for an upgrade . I have regretted this purchase primarily because the top does n't fit securely . Twice now it has popped off resulting in a flood of water , just not cool . Avoid this one .
 Got this because my cheap Walgreens brand one was discontinued . Have the same issue as others ... the lid does not stay on . I had to tape it down in order to prevent it from spilling water all over . Seriously ... this should n't be . It should not need to be modified in order to work properly . I also notice when I do pour it water gets between the clear pitcher and the reservoir and if I did n't tape it down I suppose this would inhibit even more leaking . The filter change indicator is a joke as it does n't actually monitor the cleanliness or action of the filter but actually simply counts the pours you do . After a certain amount of pours it simply light red indicating you need to change the filter whether the filter is actually still filtering or not . It does n't give me any better tasting water that my old cheap Walgreens one but since Walgreens discontinued it I had no choice but to replace it . I had absolutely no issues with my Walgreens one . I 'll just have to grin and bear it and keep mine taped up . One thing I will mention it prior to taping the cover down I did notice that it did n't even sit flush to the top . The pour end stuck up a bit no matter what I did . Not worth returning if a bit of tape was all it needed to work properly but that should n't be the case . For being such a HUGE leader in the home water filtering industry I am very surprised they have such a poor designed product .
 We are longtime Brita water filtration users and up until purchasing this model , were very happy . While this model filters water as well as earlier models , the design of the top cover is just terrible . As one reviewer says , &#34; it floats &#34; and does n't sit securely on top of the pitcher . If you grab the handle and use your thumb to open the hatch to fill the pitcher with water , the whole top rocks back and falls off . I would not recommend this model to anyone .
 this was my second attempt at using brita ... i had a smaller one and the lid never stayed on and would always fall off when i was pouring my water , so i decided to get a new one thinking it was defective ... so i got this one , it was not better at all , completely horrible , you wouldnt think that the company would sell such a crappy product . the filter works fine , but the lid doesnt stay on what so ever , the hole that you would fill with water would always open when pouring a glass of water , i ended up just taping it shut . and the grey handle is on the verge of falling off , its like they dont know how to keep these pieces `` snapped '' on the container , it doesnt make any sense and its not worth the $ 30 i spent on the thing , the only reason i still use it is because of the price and the pack of filters i bought for it . i do not recommend this brand to anyone .
 The lid will not fit . If forced in place it pops off once pressure is relieved . It does n't make sense in this day and age of advanced injection molding for something to not fit . I still use it but I have to take care when handling and keep my thumb on the lid to hold it in place.I threw it away . I could n't get the inner part out to change the filter . I tried gently prying along the seam with a butter knife which broke the plastic and sent a small piece into my eye . No damage to my eye but it ticked me off so in the garbage it went .
 Not even close ... what kind of quality control does this company have ? This was supposed to be a cheerful splurge -- instead it 's an aggravating disaster . Impossible to fit the top on , impossible to pour it with the top on ... Too bad I ca n't give it `` No Stars ''
 I have 2 other Britas and no problem with them . This one , not only does the lid not fit , but when you finally DO manage to cram the lid on , it dribbles water because the lid spout interferes with the pouring.My respect for Brita is zero now -- obviously they know about this problem and have done nothing , and keep it on the shelves to suck others into wasting $ 30 bucks on one.It 's sad really , I bought this from Home Depot to reward myself with a larger-capacity pitcher , and only when I got home , and mine did n't work , did I think to go online and check the reviews . Really , for a water pitcher , you should n't HAVE to look up reviews -- is it really that hard to design one that pours , and the lid fits?Sheesh . It 's not rocket science . If this is how poorly they design their pitchers , what are they doing with their filters ? I 'm switching to another brand -- I no longer trust this company to have the integrity to do anything right .
 The lid sits on time -- literally . There is nothing holding it in place . It 's a big pitcher . You need to hold onto the large pitcher AND hold the lid in place or it will fall off when the water is not completely full . The slightest jarring knocks the lid off.This is day 2 and , already , we have had a major spill . We do n't have kids in the house . I can not even imagine having this thing around kids .
 I read the reviews forthis product in whiteand now I really wish I would have taken them seriously . To mirror the same thing most people are saying about this pitcher , the lid will not stay on securely . It completely lifts off the top when you place your thumb on the back of it where your thumb is suppose to go . This is just poor design that ca n't be overcome unless you like the lid popping off and spilling water all the time . On top of this , the overall quality is poor . Compared to other pitches I 've used from both Brita and Pur , this one is very flimsy . The positives are the pitcher does hold a lot of water and the green does make it attractive , but I simply ca n't recommend a pitcher of this poor quality .
 I had been using a Pur filter for a long time . I complained to Pur that the filtered water , after standing for a while , had a metallic taste . They sent me a coupon for a free filter if I bought one . HaHa . I thought I would try the Brita Pitcher . While the water tastes very good when first filtered tastes very good . But again after sitting for a while , again the metallic taste . I am not pleased with this product and would not recommend it to any one else . I will just stick with gallons of bottled water .
 I pretty much HATE this thing . The flap over the spout sticks shut . When you get it unstuck , the entire lid comes off . I 've probably spilled more water out of this thing than I 've been able to drink . Also , the `` timer '' seems to measure TIME only as opposed to volume . So it 's really useless for a single person who does n't go through a lot of water as the filter is still good long after the timer says to change the filter . I really wish I had returned it .
 In all my life I have NEVER seen such awful quality control as with this Brita pitcher . You could n't remove the white reservoir to wash it without breaking it . It was totally squeezed in . The upper lid did NOT FIT because the plastic fitting was a bit too big . When you poured it , the water went all over the counter . I called Brita and got some person who seemed to care less and in a monotone said I need to talk to Amazon . I talked to Amazon and Amazon was GREAT . They said they would send me another or refund my money and I agreed to try ONE MORE of this size . They told me to hold onto the other and see if it works or the same problems is here . I also ordered the basic 5 cup pitcher
 What a pathetic company . There are reviews from over 2 years ago pointing out that the top is poorly designed and causes spillage . Now look at some of the recent reviews - IT HAS N'T BEEN FIXED ! For TWO YEARS the problem has not been addressed . It is n't as if everybody is giving it 5 stars and a few lone buyers just want to stir up trouble . Even the people writing 4 and 5 star reviews point out that you better remember to hold the cover if you do n't want occasional accidents.The people who designed this pitcher CLEARLY have never used it . Seriously , how hard can it be ? The designers of practically every other pitcher in the entire world managed to figure it out . A top that can be attached the wrong way yet looks right . That 's just plain stupid design . They should print , `` We do n't give a crap about you '' across the front of the pitcher . We 're supposed to trust that they got the micron-filtering system correct when , after 2 years , they ca n't even reshape some plastic ?
 The lids of these things are n't shaped correctly to match the top of the handle . Because of this , anytime somebody places their thumb on top of the handle while pouring -LRB- which seems like the &#34; safe &#34; thing to do -RRB- , the lid will pop off . Surely , this company has engineers that are capable of recognizing and fixing this flaw . Unfortunately , somebody must have decided it was &#34; good enough &#34; to sell instead of spending the money to correct things . Wish my ~ 7 year old pitcher had n't broke - it did n't have this problem .
 This product arrived on time but was very dirty . The inside had a bunch of the black particles in it so I ran it through the dishwasher . The grime came off but it was a little concerning at first . The filter monitor at the top does n't work at all , but I can live without it . Finally , the top does n't stay on tight and you need to hold it down while pouring . On the plus side , I rarely have to fill it up compared to the 6-cup pitcher I had before and I love the orange color !
 The colored versions use a significantly lower quality plastic then the rest of the white brita products . Due to this , the pour flap would n't open , spilling water . Solved by just removing . The lid has n't been improved in this model and comes off fairly easily compared to other models . I 'm using this to replace my Brita oceania model which has poorly designed shape and top water reservoir -LRB- angled top -RRB- . This model does have a great shape for fitting in the fridge.-G
 The top easily flops off . It overflows into the handle while filling . My entire problem was that the lid just did n't fit on the reservoir properly . It 's just not up to pat with any previous Brita or Put pitcher I 've owned . I did like the digital filter reminder though . So instead of replacing the filter , I 'm just going to get a whole new pitcher . I still like the taste of filtered water .
 So excited to get this to replace our current Brita Pitcher . This holds a bit more , and I thought it would be fun to upgrade from white to the purple . As soon as I got it , I unpacked it and checked it out . The lid does NOT snap on like my current pitcher 's does . It just rests on the top of the purple insert . When you press your thumb down on the purple part to pour , it appears as if that might help hold the entire lid down , but it does lift up some near the front . A total hassle , so I packaged it back up to return and wo n't be buying a new pitcher now . It 's one thing if you can train yourself to remember to make sure the lid does n't fall off , but if a guest comes over they are prone to possibly spill some water.Don ' t be fooled by the sleek look of this pitcher ! I guess it 's too much to ask that they make the lid snap on like their old designs . Ridiculous !!
 Just got it from Amazon , and wish I had paid attention to the negative review and bought a different one . Yes lid comes right off , and it leaks . And filter falls out sometimes .
 Although the Brita system itself does work and the water , surprisingly tastes better than expected I am underwhelmed with the design of the product . The lid does not fit securely in place so it needs to be held while pouring . This is a large unit and it is awkward to hold while pouring .
 Most annoying , the small cover that effectively seals the spout would suction itself on once wet and when we tried to pour , water would leak around it or actually cause the lid to fly off and water to go everywhere . We even tried creating a notch in the plastic cover , but to no avail . This one with no cover obviously solves that issue . Only slightly less annoying , the carbon bits that would leak down into the main pitcher . So far , no bits . Two thumbs up .
 I love that its red . But thats pretty much where my love for this pitcher ends . Its definitely not as well made as the old Brita pitchers . Very often when you go to pour the water , the entire top of the pitcher falls off . You have to hold the pitcher with one hand and hold the top on with the other . Really annoying .
 Lid is loose and falls off almost with every pour . Have owned brita systems before and never had this problem.Did not get to use the product until I returned from a lengthy trip otherwise I would have returned it before the window expired .
 It is amazing that someone thought of such a design ! The top of the handle is open , wide open . Therefore , the water easily spills into the handle -LRB- which is hollow , BTW -RRB- , and the bottom of the handle is not closed tight , so the water spills on the floor , in the fridge -LRB- your choice ... -RRB- You do not even need to fill the tank completely , halfway is enough , just washing the thing is sufficient , et voila ! water on the floor ! Magic ! Do n't buy this !
 We 've used a Brita pitcher for years , so when I saw this larger capacity one I bought it without thinking twice . Like one reviewer said , you should n't have to look up reviews for a water pitcher , but I wish I would have . One , the lid does not stay on like my old pitcher did . If this one has water in the top when you pour a glass it 's more than likely going to leak unless you use one hand to hold the lid tightly on . Two , it takes two fills of the top reservoir to fill the pitcher , which is annoying especially when you want to pour a quick glass of water but instead you are stuck waiting for the top to empty into the bottom . Three , the lid spout flapper tends to stick at times causing water to spray everywhere but your glass . Brita , why mess with a good thing ? Your older pitchers worked great , just wanted more water per pitcher . Instead I got more hassle than there needs to be .
 Brita has been adamant about not redesigning this lid . Since this model has been out for a long time . Amazoners have been pretty vocal about this for some time but Britta has NOT listened yet . May be if we stop buying this , they will . Also , filters are really inexpensive at Amazon or Costco or Kmart during a sale .
 I 'll make this short and simple . The design is awful and not not well thought out . There 's a gap between the reservoir and the handle so you have to be SUPER careful and steady when filling and putting it in the fridge or else faucet water will escape down the HOLLOW handle -LRB- again another horrible design -RRB- and mix in with the already filtered water . This would happen to me every time I went to go fill it and it would always spill out of the pitcher and all on my floor.I also did n't like the way the water tasted plastic-y . It still had a weird plastic taste even after I washed it.I returned it and got the Bobble water pitcher and like that one MUCH better .
 The lid to the pitcher comes off while pouring . I 'm thinking about returning the pitcher . Having a lid not come off while pouring is the most basic of order qualifiers . I do n't understand how Brita has been so successful with this poorly made product . I have to make sure my hand does not knock off the lid when pouring .
 Brita filters are and have always been really good , but I ca n't say the same for the lid on this pitcher . As others have said , the lid does not fit properly and comes off easily ... lame ! The one I previously purchased a few of years ago -LRB- without the electronic filter indicator -RRB- is fine and the lid is snug and never comes off , but the lid on this one is not sized properly and comes off easily on every pour , so you must hold it with your thumb or it will come off completely . Although I thought about returning it , I will keep it but would never purchase this particular pitcher again and certainly would not recommend it . Seems the quality control at Brita has become less than favorable .
 Bought this -LRB- not at Amazon -RRB- because I needed to replace a very old Brita pitcher that I had -LRB- and loved -RRB- for many years.I did n't research this purchase too heavily -LRB- because I 'd never had an issue with Brita before -RRB- but I wish I had . This thing is just awful ! The small ` flip up ' lid falls off EVERY time we use it and the larger lid has to be held down when we pour . The filter can process about 1/2 a pitcher full of water but if we refill the filtration chamber once the first 1/2 pitcher is done , it wo n't filter at all , and if you try to pour off the filtered water to make room for the water in the filtration chamber , it all leaks out around the insert ... mixing filtered and unfiltered water together.In short ... USELESS !
 I agree with the reviewers citing a sticking spout cover and too-loose lid which floods the counter or floor if you have n't gotten in the habit of pouring over the sink yet . Others said the lid comes off if the tap water has n't completely filtered through to the clear holding portion of the pitcher . I can top that by a little ; the lid comes off frequently when pouring even when the upper reservoir is long emptied . Why ? The filter cartridge will not stay locked down and comes tumbling out , knocking the lid off . Also , when you open the lid to fill the reservoir , the lid falls out or in , every time without fail . Consequently you have to hold the fill lid while filling and pouring . It is also required that you manually check that the pour spout is not sticking , or the the filter will pop out , the top will pop off , and you wo n't have to wonder when you 'll find the time to mop the floor or wipe the counters . This is my third water filter pitcher , my first Brita -LRB- I 've had it since last summer , but hate the idea that I wasted my money -RRB- . ------ Regarding the reviewers who often blame the user
 I want to throw this thing into a blender to make up for the frustration . The lid falls off for any and all reasons , regardless of attitude .
 I replaced my old Brita pitcher -LRB- I broke it -RRB- with this bigger one . I hate it . I have to wait until every bit of water has trickled into the reservoir before it can be used , and that is not a quick process . In a family , trust me , everyone is n't going to reliably fill the pitcher each time they use it . You will be waiting and waiting just to make some coffee . The lid leaks like a sieve if you try to pour some before it is all in the bottom . Additionally , it is really a two handed operation just to pour from . The lid will fall off sometimes , even when it seems properly seated , and water will be everywhere . I know this can happen with any pitcher if the lid is n't on correctly , but it happens a lot with this one . So , one hand to pick it up , and one hand to hold the lid on is really required.An electronic gage to advise you how your filter life is progressing that moves in 25 % increments might make you think there is something actually being gaged , other than the simple passage of time , that is . But all this thing does is tell you that in two months you should change the filter . It does n't matter if you were on vacation the whole two months or a football team playing in the August heat was using your pitcher , it will need changing in two months .
 I 'll say right off the bat , I 'm a fan of Brita pitchers and have used them for years . If this were a review of the filter cartridge itself it would be 5 stars . However , this pitcher is very poorly made . I 'm no expert on plastics , but the lid and upper chamber of this pitcher are made from a softer , more flexible plastic than with previous Britas I 've owned which means that pieces do n't fit at all tightly together . The lid is basically just sitting on top of the pitcher and it wo n't take much more than putting your thumb in the wrong place while you pour to flip it off completely . The filter cartridge does n't seat well in the upper chamber either , so much so that if you overfill the pitcher -LRB- never a big deal in previous iterations -RRB- the filter cartridge will actually float out of its place , thus allowing the unfiltered water up top to mix freely with the filtered water below . Depending on how bad your tap water tastes , this will sully the whole pitcher and you might just as well pour it all down the drain and start over . Also , as has been mentioned by others , do n't even THINK about pouring water while there is any water remaining in the top chamber ; because the lid fits so poorly , unfiltered water will leak out ... sometimes into your glass , but more often all over your floor or counter top.Again , the filter cartridge is -LRB- as it has been for years now -RRB- fantastic . But there are far better versions of the pitcher for you and this one should be avoided . It 's poor manufacture is sure to leave you frustrated ... I know I am !
 My husband used an abrasive sponge to clean my 5 year old rectangular brita filter and the plastic inside it came crumbling . So I bought this from Target as I wanted a quick replacement for my old model.Well I was shocked with the design flaws of this pitcher :1 -RRB- When I pour tap water into the filter , I have to wait for a while for all the water to trickle down from the filter into the bottom container . If I refill the water and use the filter immediately to pour water into a glass the top lid collapses and all the unfiltered water falls out . I had accidents many times in my kitchen and had to clean puddles of water .2 -RRB- The `` filter '' does not filter out the water `` completely '' . In my old rectangular filter , when I refilled it with tap water , the water used to filter out and trickle down only from the 4 holes of the filter into the container below . In this pitcher , the water not only trickles from the 4 holes but also from the sides ... so it is basically filtered water + some unfiltered water . No wonder the first time I tasted the water it was n't `` sweet '' like from my previous filter . I threw out many cups when I used it first and still it tasted like tap water . Then my husband detected the flaw . We tried aligning the filter properly and it sits snug , but still the water leaks from the sides and not just the 4 holes of the filter.Better drink tap water than use this model .
 I love the look of this Brita , and I was super excited to get it -LRB- I have a growing collection of purple kitchen stuff -RRB- . However , as others keep mentioning , the top falls off VERY easily , and the part you flip up to refill it comes off the hinge all the time . Even being careful , I still manage to make a mess every once in a while - the worst part is , if you 've overfilled the Brita -LRB- bottom is full , some water on top still left to filter -RRB- , and go to pour , the water on top pushes the top part off , getting water everywhere and get unfiltered water in whatever you were just pouring -RRB- . Oddly enough , the top fits perfectly if you put it on backwards , but does n't pour very well .
 I just bought one of these pitchers and I do n't think it 's possible for me to be more unhappy with it . The thing cost $ 30 and the lid will not stay on it . It comes off when you 're pouring water and causes water to spill everywhere . Neither the main lid nor the water refill lid stays in place . If you buy this product you will be sorry .
 I 've been using this Brita `` Grand Pitcher '' for about half a year now , and it constantly irritates me . What I find most maddening is how slowly the purified water pours out . They only allowed a very narrow passageway for the filtered water to exit the pitcher , as you can see in the picture . So to empty the pitcher , you have to just stand there for a while wasting time as it oh-so-slowly trickles out . And if you tilt it too much to encourage it to flow faster , the filter falls out.Just poorly designed .
 We had another one that worked fine but on this one the handle keeps falling apart and lid wont stay on .
 We purchased this unit and quickly returned it . We have had other Brita filters and liked them very much . Upon using and filling this unit I found that it already had a plastic piece broken off and at that point I had only taken it out of the box . After filling and trying to put the lid on it another piece broke off . That was all I needed . If the quality and flimsiness were that bad I was n't going to mess with it anymove . To save their good name if I were Brita management I would take this unit off the shelves on a recall and redesign the top and make it more substantial and then start selling them again . My opinion of Brita is now in the basement because of the poor quality of this unit .
 I 've been using some model or other of Brita pitcher for the last 15 years or so . This is undoubtedly the biggest piece of junk they have EVER produced . Some highlights :1 . Whereas in previous models you could use the pitcher before the contents were completely filtered , and use the top portion as a reservoir while keeping the unfiltered portion cold in the fridge , if you attempt to use this model while there is water in the top portion , either the lid will pop off , making a gigantic mess , or it will leak through the `` convenient '' rocking sub-lid they for some reason decided to add to this design -LRB- as if it were so hard to take the lid off to fill it up -RRB- .2 . When the filtered portion is completely full , pouring water out of the pitcher is slowed to a little trickle because it creates a vacuum inside . So slow indeed that you will be tempted to tilt the pitcher a bit more , resulting in the top -LRB- white -RRB- and bottom -LRB- clear -RRB- coming apart , spilling water everywhere .3 . This is more of a pet peeve . For some reason they added an electronic filter replacement indicator , which is really just a long timer . As if every household used the same amount of water . Apparently they want to make us believe that single people and homes with multiple children need to replace their filter just as often.Overall stupid , stupid , stupid . Spend your money on something else .
 Too tall , instead of fat , so you ca n't get it under the tap without contaminating the pitcher bottom from your kitchen sink -LRB- usually the germiest place in any kitchen -RRB- . Lid-opening button is in a concave area where water sloshes , so unless you wash your hands each time you fill , you 're putting germs in with each refill and slosh.Didn ' t I buy this to get germs out of water , not put them in!You ca n't pour from it while it 's filtering , like my old first-generation Brita.After 2 months the white insert that holds the filter got VERY stuck in the pitcher . No obvious tool would get it out . My choices
 Just a heads up for those that care . The product is made in China , and when I buy stuff that comes into contact with anything I put inside my body , I always buy things from first world countries because the laws are stricter there . I rarely hear about products being recalled from the USA , Canada , Britain , Germany , etc because of health risks -LRB- eg lead paint on children 's toys -RRB- . And I 've recently found out that the screening procedure for products that are imported into my country are laughable . And that of the ones that do get checked and rejected , a large majority come from China . Finally , China is the only country that consistently tries to re-import products that have been rejected by govt officials . They just re-box them and and try again .
 I bought this pitcher so I could stop buying bottled water , the only one I can drink is Evian . The water that came from the pitcher tasted awful so I wo n't be using it afterall . I am very dissappointed because I wanted to eliminate plastic from our home , now I ca n't because I ca n't tolerate the taste of the water . I will have to stay with my Evian . Therefore I can not recommend this pitcher because I think it makes the water taste funny .
 I really should 've read these reviews first , but I just bought this model from Walmart . Our water well developed a leak today , so I bought this filter pitcher to use until its fixed . The water from the faucet is pretty reddish/brown from rust leaking into the tank , but the water in the filtered part of the Brita is still at least 50 % as reddish/brown . So apparently the Brita is great at removing miniscule microscopic elements from water , but it ca n't remove rust and/or dirt ? What a waste , going right back to Walmart .
 I think that the water pitcher is not only confusing -LRB- my room mates and I had the top on the wrong way ! -RRB- but it also needs to not break when we drop it . We are college kids who are clumsy , thirsty when drunk , low on counter space , and poor . So we should be able to balance the pitcher on our leg while jumping across the room and if it just so happens to fall , it should n't shatter . Thank you .
 This review is for the Brita 35378 Grand Green Pitcher.I know I 'm not the only one with this problem , but I do n't think you can imagine just how annoying the lid-fit issue is until it 's happened to you ... 1,000 times ! This pitcher so thoroughly annoyed me that I wrote Brita to request a better fitting replacement lid . They sent me a white one and guess what ... it still did n't fit . The top 3 annoyances with this pitcher are :1 -RRB- If there is water in the reservoir you have to wait ; you can not pour without the top leaking .2 -RRB- the lid falls off if you do n't hold it on , but if you DO hold it on with your thumb , the little flap over the water spout does n't flip up , which causes a huge waterfull , about 6 inches wide to spew out of the pitcher in all directions . this is always a disaster
 I have had several Brita pitchers and this one is just poorly designed . I did n't get it from Amazon as I needed it that day . * Yes the filter likes to fall out and I do push it in . * There are many groves , edges and lips around where the lid sits and the lid . This gets DISGUSTING ! and I clean mine regularly . -- including mold in he hing area * I do n't like that you can not pour while it is filter , oh you can but not easily.I am actually here shopping for a new one .
 The top is loose and you have to hold it on when you pour water.The electronic counter that let 's you know when to replace filters works one and a while.Ii like the old design better .
 First , I will share with you who I am , so you do n't think I work for PUR or sell PUR products in a store or something . I am a college student and I live on campus , where my tap water tastes terrible . As a result , I was in the market for a filter pitcher . I decided on this pitcher because of the large capacity . I share this Brita `` not so Grand '' pitcher with 3 other dudes , so needless to say , it gets lots of usage since we are all athletes that drink lots of water . At first , this pitcher seemed like a perfect fit because it has a large capacity and a `` simple '' electronic thing that tells you when to change the filter . Here is my attempt to persuade you , the consumer , not to buy this product.In the relatively short -LRB- 3 months -RRB- amount of time that I have had this pitcher , I have spilled enough water on my floor , counter and fridge to fill a medium size pond . Now , you may be sitting there thinking to yourself , `` well , that 's just because you are a clumsy/drunken college student . '' How wrong you are . The overall design of this pitcher is flawed for a few reasons :1 . When filling this pitcher , one must wait for the water to completely filter into the lower , clear portion of the pitcher , as the top does not fit tightly enough to prevent leaks when the pitcher is slightly tipped while being returned to the fridge . This is simply unacceptable considering this is one of Brita 's most expensive pitcher models .2 . I encourage you to compare Brita 's products one of its competitors , such as PUR . At home , my family has been using an entry level PUR pitcher and this `` leaking from the top basin phenomenon '' has never been a problem for us , in fact , I can pour a glass of water almost immediately after filling the top basin with un-filtered water , assuming there is still filtered water left in the lower half of the pitcher .3 . The spout on the `` Grand '' pitcher is completely flawed . This tiny flaw causes water to spill all over everything if two hands are not used to pour . -LRB- One hand to hold the pitcher , one hand to lift the spout cover -RRB- . This is annoying as I have to set the cup down , instead of being able to hold the cup in one hand , and pour with the other . The problem with the design is explained here : The white spout covering the clear portion of the pitcher that the water comes out of has groves in it to make a better seal when the pitcher sits in the fridge . I suppose this is to prevent the entrance of foreign bacteria or mold spores into the pitcher , however , this greatly inhibits the usability of the pitcher itself . For instance , if the pitcher 's filtered water reservoir is too full -LRB- something that should not be an issue since the reason I purchased this particular pitcher was because of its large capacity -RRB- when one attempts to pour a delicious glass of chilled filtered water , the cap on the pourer winds up sticking and one receives two feet full of delicious chilled filter water.Had I known of this flaw , I would have put on my flippers and snorkel before getting a glass of water . I also never would have wasted this much money purchasing one of Brita 's so called `` higher end '' pitchers when I could have bought a cheaper , higher quality pitcher from one of their competitors . Do n't buy this pitcher . Happy Hunting.Sincerely , Kevin M.
 I have been a Brita user for years . Recently , after my old pitcher finally cracked , I went ahead and purchased this one , primarily because of its larger capacity . All I can say is WOW ... what a disappointment!The top does not fit properly and comes off when pouring or if you do not put it down super softly . The flip top lid pops off as well.I called Brita and they sent a replacement top which failed within a week . They sent a whole new replacement unit and THAT one has the same issue.Conclusion ... Brita manufacturing standards have dropped sharply . Who cares how the filters work , if the pitcher itself fails , why bother . Switching to a Pur filter or maybe a Zerowater ... anything but Brita .
 I really wish I had seen the reviews before I purchased this .1 . Top does not fit properly . I have had a rubberband on it almost since buying it to keep the lid on .2 . It 's only been a month and the handle had become detached and I ca n't get it to snap back on .3 . Do n't overfill it or it water will shoot out the back all over you and the floor .4 . I love the capacity , however it takes two times to fill it up and then it 's too heavy for smaller children to lift and pour themselves . -LRB- The later being more of a personal observation instead of a flaw . -RRB-
 Nice , fresh tasting water . However , the non-fitting lid and leaky pour spout makes me want to stab myself for not taking it back for a refund the day after purchase . 5 stars for taste , negative 3 stars for pitcher design for a 1-star average .
 This is a piece of garbage , the top green portion was in so tight we could not get it out , numerous people tried , we put it in the freezer thinking the cold would shrink it , we tried to put olive oil down the sides , NOTHING WOULD BUDGE THAT GREEN PIECE OF PLASTIC ! So we got some pliers and started to pull , CRACK , it broke into two pieces , into the trash , we were all so angry at that point ! I read the reviews saying buyers were dumb and did n't put the thing together right , we never had a chance to take it apart to put it together right , the green piece was just way tight and would not budge . I hope others do n't buy it , ths is the only way they will learn not to mass produce garbage . -LRB- And no , I did n't want to repack the broken pieces , trot to the post office , then fight and explain that it was n't my fault it was broken to get a refund , my time is money . -RRB-
 If I could give this product 0 stars I would !!!! This is probably the crappiest most unusful peice of garbage I own . I should say use to own , I threw it in the trash ! I am so upset with the product I ca n't even manage to deal with returning it . The water take FOREVER to filter through and when you go to pour it the lid WILL fall off and water WILL spill everywhere !
 Not sure if Britta has changed their system but , unless you are very careful to seat the filter and system correctly you get a nice surprise , water all over the counter and floor . I filled the top last night got up this morning to pour a glass of water . The filter was , somehow stopped up and the entire contents spilled all over the counter . Bad design . I will go back to tap water .
 For as much as I paid for this thing , it was a very disappointing product . The lid DOES NOT STAY ON . If you do n't hold on to it while pouring the lid falls off and water goes everywhere . The filter does not fit snugly in the compartment and if you tip the container to get the last of the water out the filter falls out too . And I continuously get carbon particles in my glass of water , no matter how much I rinse out the holding compartment . I gave up on Brita before and I think I will again . I only got it to try to help the environment a little as I tend to buy gallon jugs of spring water , but I 'm not sure it 's a fair trade . And it DOES NOT fit in my door compartment which is supposed to be specifically for these sorts of items . Interestingly gallon jugs fit quite well in my fridge compartment .
 I do n't think I have ever commented on a product before but feel compelled in this case because it is so over the top . The handle on this Brita filter will NOT stay on . Every time I touch it , not exaggerating here , the plastic handle falls to the floor . When I fill it , it falls off in the sink . When I open the refrigerator , it clatters to the floor . If I look at is funny , bingo . Get the picture ? This pitcher is very poorly constructed and I would not recommend it to anyone . Unless , of course , you really enjoy picking things up off the floor over and over again . Buy something else . Seriously . Do n't do it .
 This is a very poor design by Brita . If i could give the pitcher a zero star rating , I would . If there is any water at all in the top when you go to pour , the lid falls off and dumps water everywhere . I 've tried every trick I can think of , including holding the lid down while pouring . It still falls off . I 'm tired of flooding my kitchen so I 'll be dumping this pitcher off at the nearest thrift shop and looking for something else .
 This pitcher is tall and as such does not fit under my tiny apartment sinks . This forces me to hold the pitcher at an angle while I fill it . The reservoir does not hold enough water to fill up the pitcher , so you 've got to fill up the reservoir , wait for it to filter into the main area and then fill it again . If you choose not to fill the reservoir a second time then you 've got approximately two servings of water before you have to fill it up again . So if you like to constantly fill up plastic pitchers this is the product for you ! Brita , please make this pitcher wider .
 I have been using Brita pitchers for years . The quality of their products has degraded to the point that this was my last Brita purchase . This particular pitcher is difficult to manage when it 's full and the top either leaks or pops off and you end up with a mess to clean up .
 Returned this item as soon as I bought it . The top literally fell out when I turned the pitcher over , going to get the Mavea Elemaris XL .
 Sure it filters the water fine but half the time i pour from it the top falls off and water spills everywhere . Did they do any kind of quality control on these things ?
 I saw that others wrote about this problem , but bought it anyway hoping that this would n't happen to me.Well it did , no matter what I did the lid would n't fit tightly and would fall off when I poured . I was replacing an older Brita pitcher -LRB- that I had dropped and cracked -RRB- that I never had this type of problem with . There 's no reason to have to deal with this.I returned it . Bought the `` Vintage '' model , same capacity , on sale for a great price at -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 My girlfriend and I loved the aesthetic design of this pitcher , but the functionality was an immediate failure . As the majority of reviews note , the lid falls off when the pitcher is even slightly tilted or jostled . We returned it , and she checked other units at a local store to confirm that we did n't just get a defective unit . One should n't have to clamp , tape , or rubber band the lid down to make a pitcher that costs this much usable . I tip my hat to the couple of folks who claim to have figured out the physics of the Brita Grand and are pouring with confidence . We 'd rather own a pitcher that does n't require jerry-rigging or finessing . We 're buying theBrita Everyday Pitcherinstead - same large 10-cup capacity and the lid appears to have the simple , secure seating of earlier Brita models like theBrita 42629 Slim Pitcher , which we 've poured from for years with no mishaps . Reviewers on Amazon and on Brita 's own website particularly laud the snug-fitting lid , so we 're hopeful .
 I reviewed this Grand Pitcher before I bought it , as I did not want to make a bad purchase . First off , I 'm a 23 year old student/full-time biomed technician . We have a water treatment system at my clinic -LRB- dialysis -RRB- so I know a pretty good bit about purified water . That made me want to get a purified system of some sort , so I went with the Grand Pitcher.I just unboxed it , let the filter soak for 15 minutes , and then made two pitchers of water and dumped them . I almost made a mess trying to pour in a glass . The lid DOES NOT stay on properly and the little spout will not open on its own . I read reviews that said the white lid was better than the colored lids about staying on so that 's why I bought the white one . Boy was that wrong!It 's a good product , IF you want to hold the lid with one hand and the spout with another hand . That leaves no hands to hold the glass , so make sure you are on the counter or something.I bought this so obviously I 'm going to use it . But , I do n't know if I 'm going to buy any more filters for it when the time comes . I 'm going to look into the PUR products because this is absolutely pathetic ! How do they make a product so crappy and be OKAY with it ?? I would not recommend buying this pitcher . Shop around . Shop around good .
 I read someone elses review saying they wish they would have read the reviews prior to purchasing and I have to ditto that statement . Had I read these I would NEVER have gotten a Brita pitcher . I do n't know if all models are this horrid or if I was just the lucky one to pick the defective model . The handle falls off CONSTANTLY , the lid falls off CONSTANTLY and the black carbon gunk from the filter leaks down into the `` clean '' water . It looks like black sand at the bottom of the pitcher . I 'm not talking about the reservoir ... that always has black floaty junk ... I 'm talking about the bottom of the pitcher and floating in my glass of water . I thought it was supposed to give you CLEAN water . . not soiled black gunky water . Yuck !! I do n't care if it wo n't hurt me ... I do n't want black junk in the water that is supposed to be clean . I always follow the instructions to the T in an effort to get a decent glass of water . I 've owned this pitcher around 4 months now and I 'm about ready to toss it out the window . Very poorly made . I 'm almost shocked to see any good reviews to be honest . 2 thumbs down and I would I could rate it a great big ZIPPO .
 Got this to replace our old slim pitcher . Over all it 's as good as our old one which we liked because it does filter the taste of chlorine in our tap water , but the top keeps fallen off into to sink which the old one never did ! There 's no clip or anything to keep it on the pitcher , so each time you tilt it to refill , down goes the top . It 's just very annoying .
 This pitcher is poorly designed and constructed in almost every way imaginable . I have the same spout problem as the first reviewer . On top of that , I find that the filter gets dislodged , and sometimes floats to the top while I am filtering , thereby mixing my already filtered water with dirty , grey New York city tap water . I hate this pitcher . As soon as I run out of filters , it 's going in the dumpster .
 I just bought one of these . I 've used Brita pitchers before and have had no issues with them . However , I ca n't get the top reservoir out of the pitcher . Moreover , there 's a paper booklet stuck in the pitcher . I ca n't find any instructions on Brita 's website about how to remove the reservoir . What a pain .
 For years I 've used the clasic brita pitchers without problems . Then I bought 2 of these more modern brita pitchers , one with a gren top , one purple . It 's been a month now and the water has tasted like plastic from day 1 . I keep thinking the plastic taste will go away , but it does n't . I ca n't believe more people are n't complaining about the awful taste . Yuk !
 I think the Brita filters do a good job of filtering the water . I just wish the pitchers were better made . I get a couple of years out of a picture before they fall apart.The lid also does not really fit very securely . If you try to pour water before while the upper chamber is filled the lid comes off and the water spills out all over .
 This is the 3rd Brita water pitcher I 've ever owned . The first two were great -LRB- needed a new one because they were left with roommates -RRB- . This pitcher is unlike them though.Cons-Top cover does n't fit at all , falling off far too easily-Water leaks out the back handle-Filter comes loose while pouring-Bad filter fit means black carbon particles get in to drinking water belowWe 'll buy another Brita , because we have 4 unused filters and are used to the taste , but hopefully the next model we try will work better .
 I 've been wanting to write this review for a long time , and it seems lots of people got here first with the same complaints . Every time I use this thing I curse its existence and the pathetic committee that surely designed it . My old Britta was just great , but it somehow got a crack in it . When I went to replace it , this is what was available . The older , smaller pitcher had a more secure lid than this thing - it 's maybe 1/4 inch of attachment for a huge , heavy , water-filled body . Needless to say , it pops off every time you try to use it . The flap where you put the water in also is poorly attached and pops off often , and even the little attachment knob spins around lamely . Also , the so-called `` filter indicator '' never once worked . Not once . Britta , you had a good thing going , please stop playing with colors and go back to the drawing board with your product design . Or just make the old Britta available ! Oh , and fire the people responsible for this piece of crap !
 We received this as a wedding gift and loved it at first . As the time to replace the filter drew nearer , the water began to taste really , really unpleasant . It is nice to have the indicator to show when the filter needs replaced but it is difficult to reset after replacing the filter.As many reviewers have stated , the lid is not the best . It does n't fit on very well , in fact it seems to just rest on top of the pitcher instead of clipping on . Also , the spout often needs to be held open as opposed to coming opened when pouring as it should . When the spout sticks , it makes a giant mess and is unpleasant especially when pouring water in the dark at 1am . We are currently looking into replacing this pitcher with something else . Although the complaints I have sound like minor , trivial things they are actually quite frustrating as the product is not functioning as it should .
 Boy , was I sorely mistaken . I saw reviews on here about the lid , the fact if falls off when pouring . I thought , yeah sure . Well , I found out I spent $ 32 bucks on a leaky pitcher where the lid does not fit securely , falls off when pouring . DO N'T waste your money on this poorly made piece of plastic . Sure , they are pretty colors , but c'mon - the thing is not made well .
 I bought this because Brita has such a good reputation , and it was an extremely attractive product . However , the lid is very poorly designed , and frequently falls off during use . Everyone in my family has had problems with this . I never had an earlier version of the Brita , but I wish there was an alternative , because the lid issue is a real nuisance .
 I have 2 brita water filters in my home . Both of them leak after i fill them and then pour water . They have hollow handles which for some reason get water in them , then when pour the water it leaks out of the hollow handle . My floors are wood and tile , they become damaged or they become slippery when wet . How hard can it be to design a water filter bottle that does n't leak ? Too hard for Brita apparently . Still they are major provider of these type products . I hope they improve or someone else enters the space and designs something better .
 Everything you have read about the lid not staying on this model is absolutely true . I bought it at Kroger on a whim before reading the reviews . After trying it out at home , I immediately noticed that the lid did not stay on -- even before I tried filling the pitcher up with water ! Note that one reader has suggested a rubber band solution , but why use a rubber band for a brand new product that is not that cheap ? Personally , I would rather not buy it in the first place . There are other models that dont have the same problem .
 I 've been a loyal Brita pitcher owner for years and years . We bought this new one and after only a few days the spout lid broke off . After another week the middle of the lid snapped off . Now the whole rest of the lid wo n't stay on and there is nothing on top at all . We paid over $ 30 and I am NOT happy at all ... Plus my kids ca n't stand the black specks from the filter . Might be time to change our filter system .
 * What are the little black particles swimming around after I fill it with water ? -LRB- It 's not from our water , they 're coming from the filter -RRB- Maybe it 's something to help purify the water , but I do n't think we 're supposed to be consuming them . * The filter -LRB- which came with the pitcher -RRB- does n't fit as it should , so it leaks what ever residue builds in the top compartment ? * We CA N'T drink the water filtered in this pitcher . * The lid does n't fit quiet right , but it has n't presented a problem thus far -LRB- maybe I 've become accustomed to lower standards since we 've been manufacturing everything in China -RRB- . I had high expectations ... I might anticipate this level of performance had I purchased it at the Dollar store , but for $ 30 ? I should have known better , after all , it is plastic . I only paid $ 65 dollars for a real glass electric kettle made in Germany ... a plastic pitcher should n't cost $ 30 . Talk about an exponential profit margin !
 Looks great ... however the lid keeps falling off when pouring water which is starting to get very annoying ! I would not purchase again .
 I purchased 2 of these within a month . The first one that I purchased , the lid did not fit properly . It would leak water when pouring . I returned it for another one , only to find that it was made the same way . I promptly sent Brita an email questioning this DEFECT . They basically told me to STUFF IT . That they were all made that way . It 's funny , the Brita pitcher that I replaced , was made much better than the new ones . I do not recommend this item , it is of very POOR quality , and you will not be happy with it .
 Does it 's job in cleaning the water . Instantly tastes better.Does take a few minutes for the thing to fill . You fill the reservoir in the top and wait for it to drain to the bottom , come back a few minutes later and repeat until filled.It has a filter use counter in the top that measures the number of pours and then tells you to replace the filter . The filters are expensive - bad for the consumer and good for the company . I would guess the counter runs a little on the short use side.The design is horrible though when pouring . The lid does n't anchor to the top - it simply lays on it . Tilt to pour and `` BAM '' the lid falls off onto your glass of water . I have cleaned up more filtered water than I have drank with this.I 'm not sure what that does to the filter counter - probably throws it off.Really BRITA - how did this make it through user testing?I would tell you to look at some of the other models .
 I 've been using the Brita water filter pitcher for almost a year now -- since we moved into our new home with well water that tested high for nitrates . I recently got an under-the-sink filtration system , and I went ahead and ordered a TDS meter.Our well water from the faucet tested at 440 PPM.The well water that was filtered from the Brita pitcher with new filter tested at 420 PPM.Since we went ahead and installed our under-the-sink system , our water from that system tests at a mere 40 PPM.Don ' t waste your money purchasing this $ 30 filter pitcher with $ 20 refills of filters . If you seriously want clean water , choose something else .
 We bought ours at a Target and the lid does not stay on and would fall off if not held in place . Also the orange plastic piece that snaps on the handle persistently comes off . We would return this if it did n't involve a 40 minute train ride out to the Target near us . Maybe the ones sold on Amazon are of a different stock and are not defective . Normally we 're a huge brita fan - not so much with this purchase .
 The pitcher arrived with a slight crack in the lid . But the lid would n't even stay on the pitcher . The new design is much better . I sent this one back and bought another one at Sam 's . Different design for the lid . Although it too is n't perfect , it works better than the one I got from Amazon . And it had an added bonus of a a water bottle with its own filter . Very handy and the water is filtered as you drink it . We have two Brita pitchers now and use them every day . The EPA forced Tulsa to start disinfecting the water supply with Chloramine -LRB- chlorine and ammonia -RRB- and letting the water sit out in a container overnight does not remove this toxic stuff -LRB- as per the city water dept. web site -RRB- . Anyone that is on dialysis can not use tap water , also fish aquarium water has to be treated . The city water dept. web site also says reverse osmosis filter systems do n't work either . We have a Multi-Pure system and then run our water for coffee and cooking through a second filtration using the Brita pitchers . The Multi-Pure system has been rated to remove 93-95 % of the Chloramines .
 The indicator comes with three lights instead of four scale . I just worried about if I get a fake one or refurbished one ! Does anyone has the same indicator ? Be aware with origin of the product !
 I bought this and the lid does not fit at all . There is an 1/8 of an inch gap around the top , leaving the contents exposed . Why is Amazon selling this defective unit ? I am not the only one to complain about this . It is DEFECTIVE !! I have an old Brita pitcher -LRB- the ` squared ' off model -RRB- that I have had for years , and have NEVER had a problem with it . I just wanted a ` larger capacity ' model . Well , this one is a larger capacity , but it is defective . Why would you buy a product that is a FILTERED unit , and the water is exposed to the elements ? You ca n't even MOVE this unit without the lid falling off . The BEST you can do is just set the lid on the top of the unit until you need to pour water from it . Then , you have to take the lid off -LRB- or it falls to the floor -RRB- and pour water -LRB- that has been exposed to the air and inside of your refrigerator -RRB- and then set the lid back on the top of the unit . Take my advice , do n't buy this model of Brita pitcher . Amazon should be contacting the manufacturer and making sure the models they are selling are not defective .
 I have used Brita water pitchers for about 15 years . A few years ago I replaced my old one because it was looking old , it worked fine . With the new one that I got it developed green mold once in a while so that I would have to scrub the pitcher monthly . There were parts of the pitcher that I could not clean that remained green colored . So I scraped the pitcher and drink water from my tap now . I did some research and found many other similar complaints .
 Months ago I bought a similar pitcher at Costco -LRB- called Vintage model.Today I opened the box and washed the pitcher with soap . Here are the 2 major flaws : - > An opening at the top of the handle allows water to go inside the handle - > The water inside the handle seeps from the bottom of the handle to the outside of the pitcher.We have another pitcher bought years ago . The design is not as flawed as this one but it is still hard to clean properly because of too many ledges , nooks and crannies where water stagnates and allows bacteria to grow -LRB- check for slightly pinkish color -RRB- . I am also unhappy with the large amount of black deposit in the filter holder and in the bottom of the pitcher.I still have plenty of filters to use - thanks to costco :-LRB- but when I am finished with this supply I will look for another brand .
 The ergonomics are terrible , the lid falls off at the slightest angle , the filter also dislodges at moderate angles , and it lets carbon bits get EVERYWHERE . Worst Brita model by far.Do yourselves a favor and buy theBrita Marina Complete Water Filtration Pitcher , Clear/Whiteinstead . I bought it as a replacement for the Grand , and every day feel a sense of great relief .
 This pitcher is very poorly designed . The lid comes off very easily resulting in water splashing everywhere . I would not recommend this product .
 I have a slim brita pitcher and decided to buy this model for more water capacity . I bought it at target . I took it home and filled it up and the lid and the flap covering the filter kept falling off . The design is cheaply made . lm so disappointed . I 'm returning the pitcher and may just have to buy from a different company .
 The lid to this pitcher does n't even fit ! It falls off when you pour water . It even falls off when you move the pitcher . It 's easier to just throw the lid away , because the water is going to slosh out whether there is a lid on it or not . It 's almost as if the lid is designed for something other than this product . It 's shocking to me how Brita could think that it was okay to put something like this out on the market . Do not buy !
 When I first put this on my cupboard door , I was so impressed , I told everyone I knew about it . However , within maybe two weeks , the adhesive wore down I suppose and the spices would fall every time I opened the door . I ca n't get them to stick back on , I even tried more glue . Now I am left with sticky tape marks on the cupboard door and still a mess for my spices . It 's a great idea , though ... . if it worked .
 My girlfriend bought these for me because I have like 50 different bottles of spices and can never find any of them . The adhesive is not strong enough !! The whole rack falls of the door !
 A year ago or so I bought these , and they worked wonderfully . I have since moved , and because these worked so well in my previous apartment , I ordered them again -LRB- the sticky part on the back of them makes them usable for only a single application -RRB- . This second set of spice rack organizers does not work . They held for maybe a week or so , but now each day I come home to discover one or more of the three racks has fallen in my cabinet -LRB- or on the floor since that 's what happens when the cabinet door is opened -RRB- . Also , the plastic neck that holds the spice container is already beginning to lose its shape .
 Great idea but does not work . The arms that hold the bottles stretch out after about 10 ueses and will no longer hold the bottles . When I called the manufacturere they acted like no one had ever complained about this and it must be the way I am using it . Yes I took the bottle out to use it and that was all it took . I next went to a spice stacking drawer that Amazon also sells and it works great . It fits in the cabinet perfectly . If I had more drawer space I might like the ones that fit in the drawer - simple and easy to see .
 The spice rack organizers look great and seem to work initially ; however the double stick tape does not stick for very long , and then the whole thing falls down .
 I liked the concept of these . But after a month , they came off . I tried using super glue - that worked for a few weeks but they 're falling off again.I think the only way they 're going to stay up if they 're screwed in .
 These racks are a great space saving idea . However , I have had mine up on the inside of a solid wood cabinet door for about a month and it keeps falling off -LRB- double faced tape stays on cabinet , plastic rack piece comes off -RRB- . I would also recommend separating the individual racks so they arent in a strip of 4 . If you are using slightly larger sized spice bottles the plastic will stretch out unevenly at the ends causing the bottles to fall out .
 I had a set of these before ... but they were obviously not the same brand . These keep falling off the wall . I am not impressed !!
 I thought O how great I can organize my spices . Man I was wrong . I waited forever for them to come in stock so I could buy them . Once you stick them on , it doest take long and the entire strip falls off . Plus the plastic clip that is supposed to hold your spice losses its form and will not hold the spice . If the spice is in a glass jar and is very heavy it just slides right out of the hold and knocks other spices off with it . It was a total fail . I bought several strips . I did not even donate the extras I tossed them in the trash .
 These clever spice holders are a great idea if only they lasted for more than a few months . Really saved me some time and hassle searching my spice cabinet until they started popping off and landing on our heads . Very disappointing .
 The concept of great . I like the idea of having the spices organized , at the ready and a quick view . Unfortunately the tape that is used to stick on the organizers is very poor . The organizers keep falling off . Several times I have opened my cabinet to have everything fall down on me . I would not recommend this particular brand at all . We are now looking for a better solution to keep the racks on the cabinet doors .
 This is cheap strips of plastic and while it looks fine the first of three strips broke -LRB- permanently -LRB- after 5 days and the second did so after 7 ... if you only have small PLASTIC spices you might be OK but even small GLASS spices are way too heavy for it .
 the racks do not stay glued to the door they must be screwed on but once this is done you will find that the bottles will fall off there not enough tension on the holders
 I bought these a few years back . Put them from top to bottom of one of my cabinet doors . Worked great till the little `` arms '' started breaking off or weakening enough to lose the spice bottle . Now I have about 1/3 of them stuck to my door with no `` arms '' and I 'm still trying to figure out how to remove them without ruining the wood .
 When I first got these I loved them . They saved so much room and allowed me to be so much more organized . However they are made of a rather thin plastic and after a while the arms tend to break off and you are left with lots of broken spaces with nowhere to store your spices again . Once again I 'm searching for a great spice organizing solution . All in all I would not recommend these due to the lack of long term durability .
 When I ordered these spice brackets I was very skeptical and had a very bad feeling about them . I ordered them anyways and wish I had n't almost immediately . They seem like something you would get from a flea market or something . Very cheap , ears snap off easy and the sticky tape does not hold very long at all . I ended up taking them all down and used additional double sided tape to stick them to my workshop wall in the basement . I use them now for holding odds and ends of tools and stuff that does n't need the `` clip '' option . Works fine for that ...
 Terrible product . Mounted on cabinet door but wo n't hold spices . Jars keep falling on the counter , and two already broke .
 I have a set of these stuck to the inside of my pantry door . At first they were wonderful ! Then the little arms started to break , bottles would fall to the floor . As long as you do n't use them to hold bottles , they 'd probably last ... but I doubt it . Good idea executed poorly .
 I was super excited about my purchase of these and was ready to organize my spices . Well , after about 3 days the holders started falling and the tape was not sticking . Very disappointed . : /
 Originally I bought the same product from a different seller and loved it . I came back to order more and mistakenly bought from this seller because the image was exactly the same . Immediately , I noticed the packaging was n't as nice and the product was slightly different . I did n't think anything of it though -- assuming the product would work just as good.Unfortunately , I was wrong . First , some of the individual brackets stretched out so much that they did n't properly hold the containers . Then , one by one , each strip fell off my cabinets doors only after 5 months . The same product that I bought from the other seller is still working perfectly and has n't moved a smidge . Here 's a link to the other seller if you are interested : Spice Rack Storage/Organizer - Organizes 12 spice jars .
 I just installed these on the inside of a wood cabinet door , and I was very disappointed by the quality of the plastic and adhesive . As a comparison , last week I installed the clips from theSpiceStor Organizer Spice Rack 20 Clip 10 `` D x 5 `` H , and they seemed to be made of a higher quality plastic -LRB- more flexible -RRB- and the adhesive was much stronger.The only reason I ordered these is that I decided not to use the sliding tray that came with the other product . In hindsight , I should have just ordered another one and tossed the sliding tray , as the clips in that product were better and , as of today , are seven cents cheaper per clip than these clips -LRB- even when you throw away the tray -RRB- . All of that said , I like this style of rack , because it is inexpensive , you can cut it to length , and if one breaks you can just toss it and replace it without removing the entire rack.UPDATE
 Good idea but the glue that holds the rack to the door does not hold . The RV cabinet door is to thin for screws or nail . Get a better stickum and it would be a great product .
 This did not even last 3 weeks . I am very disappointed because I was excited about it and still love the idea of it . Only the shortest bottles shown in the listing picture stayed up . All others fell out one by one after about the first week . By week three the holders peeled off the cabinet door and I gave up !
 I thought this was gon na be something a little bit better than this ! So not using this as a christmas gift !!!!
 I bought some spice rack organizers at an RV store that worked wonderfully for storing my spices . I thought I was ordering the same exact item , but was sadly wrong . The plastic on these was quite a bit thinner than the others I bought . I went ahead and put them up anyway . They did n't even stay attached to the adhesive backing ! The adhesive stayed stuck to the cabinet , but the plastic spice holders fell away.This product is a flimsy excuse for spice rack organizers . I was happy with the speed and delivery from the company , but did not receive the quality product I thought I had ordered .
 A very good idea in concept , but fails in reality . The plastic clips hold the spice containers ok , but the adhesive strip on the back is very weak . It wo n't hold the rack and they fall to the counter . We have 12 of these and 10 failed . We had to replace the adhesive strips with 3M Command strips and now they work fine and stay where we want them .
 I registered for these products and was so excited when I got them that I immediately put them up on my cabinet doors . They were so perfect . However , by the next day , some of the arms has already loosened so much that the jars started falling whenever I shut the door . Now almost all of them are loose . I have to close the cabinet doors super gingerly in fear of the jars falling , but even when I do that , I 'll still hear the bottles falling inside of the cabinet hours later even when no one has been anywhere near the kitchen . I 'm really disappointed with these . : -LRB-
 This is good in theory , but after only 2 days of being on my cabinet , they started falling off . I am very disappointed .
 I bought these to organize my many spices in the small jars . and found out rather disappointingly that if I can force the little McCormicks bottles into the clip , -LRB- as they are pictured -RRB- trying to get them out again was nearly impossible . And I even broke two of the clips before I was ever able to mount them to the wall .
 Awesome for a few weeks . But then the pastic racks started separating from the tape . Okay , I thought , maybe I need to reinforce the tape . So I lined each piece with two strips of newly bought tape . Still only lasted a couple days before racks and spices started to fall off -LRB- even the small bottles were to much weight -RRB- . I got to frustrated to try again but I am holding on to them just in case I decide to screw them into the door ...
 This product is a wonderful concept , however , it does not work that well in hot and humid climates . I loved it when I put them up , but slowly but surely within a couple of weeks , the bottles -LRB- with the clips -RRB- attached started falling down . The sticky on the backside does not stick well . Even the little bottles of spices fell also . Love the concept , but needs improvement .
 Within a week they had fallen off the door . The adhesive is not very strong . I 've been duped .
 These work very well with the kind of spice container that is tall and has an indented neck . If the bottle is cylindrical -LRB- no indentation -RRB- or short and cylindrical , it 's very difficult to impossible to get the jars in the holders . I threw mine out .
 Product does not hold its shape . Once plastic `` arms '' are stretched to fit one spice bottle , another of a different size -LRB- if at all smaller -RRB- will not stay secured - it falls out . However , the tape to hold the plastic `` arms '' is very strong - it was hard to remove before I threw the product away and chalked it up to `` buyer beware '' experience !!
 This item was just too cheap looking so I did n't even take it out of the package ~ you would have to be very careful putting your containers in the clip or I believe they would break right away !
 These are super cheap , light weight plastic . The arms look like they will break off with any glass bottled spices . This is not something you want to use to display your spices . Sold by the RV Store-looks like they belong in an RV .
 BOOOOOO !!!! I did EVERYTHING the directions said to do ... clean surface with alcohol ... let dry . Use a blow dryer on the adhesive before sticking to the surface . they lasted about 20 minutes - and my spices were barely half full!At least they were cheap - but you get what you pay for !
 I bought two sets of these spice racks and installed them according to the directions . The problem I encountered was that the racks did n't hold the glass jars of spices firmly enough -- they fell to the counter almost every time we opened the cabinet , even when we opened the door slowly .
 The bottles pop out of these , falling making a mess , breaking , just a waste of money . About half of my spice containers did n't fit .
 Total waste of money . Bottles pop out when door is opened . Holders do not hold item properly . If I could give zero stars , I would ...
 Nice concept . Easy to install . But my spices keep popping off the clips every time you close the door . Sometimes they even pop off after the door is closed . Most of my jars are glass , so I do n't know if the added weight makes a difference -LRB- vs plastic jars -RRB- ? All I know is these did n't work for me . I will get removing them -LRB- hope that goes well ! -RRB- and getting something else .
 This spice rack was such a great idea . I mounted it on the inside of my pantry doors . Unfortunately within the first day bottles started falling off . It seems to only really hold onto bottles that are small and have a good indention under the lid . One has now even fallen off the door . I 'd return it right now if I still could .
 It is not good enough , i tried to put my spice stuff and the ... booom ... broke . Consider to pay more but getting good quality .
 Great idea , but should be adjustable to fit all window sills . I bought several of these , and none fit .
 All the theif has to do is break a pane and unscrew it . I have them and they do n't help . Found them on the floor 2x now under the broken window . Hundreds of $ worth of stuff gone .
 these things are a waste of money . I can still open my windows when I have them `` secured '' with these little bolts .
 I felt compelled to write this review because I just bought this item for a fraction of the price at Home Depot . Actually , I bought a ` double , ' which is to say it is a bar with two little screws , not one , for about $ 2.47 . The item itself is n't great , I 'm using it on patio sliders and what I 've noticed is this item is only as good as the window frame it 's installed in - in the case of my slider door that 's not great , as the frame is very thin . If someone were to wrestle the door they could still probably rip it right off , even tightened down maximally . So it 's more of a deterrent in that regard . For windows , though , or sturdier door/window frames , this is probably a very practical and economical solution . I have installed one along the top and one along the bottom of the door frame . Since I 'm installing this to secure the slider with a ` dog patio door , ' which prevents the slider from locking the usual way , I am definitely going to back it up with a security bar .
 This type of window lock has been around for years and long recognized as unreliable -LRB- I thought -RRB- . I discarded all of mine , as once the window is broken , what is to prevent the intruder from reaching in and unscrewing the lock ?
 This product is very cheap , it doesnt even fit the window , and i have other ones just like it from antoher place and they work oerfectly , i htink they are defected or somthing , but they are worthless . If u get this u will be robbed my the company and robbed when your windows fail to lock .
 I was disappointed when the bristles on this brush melted in my saute pan as I used it to swirl butter . This was before the pan was truly hot and the butter was just beginning to melt . There is no way that this brush is heat resistant to 400 degrees as it states in the description . Otherwise , it would be a very nice brush for cold applications .
 The unit seems to do a reasonable job at humidifying a 1300 square feet apartment . The tanks are easy to fill , and the controls are easy to operate.As another reviewer noted , the parts were not designed to fit snuggly , so the unit will occasionally start rattling very loudly . Shifting one of the tanks will usually solve that for a few hours or more , but it 's no fun when it wakes you up at night to do that . Otherwise , the device is reasonably quiet , especially on the lower fan settings.The most surprising thing about this humidifier is the lack of a tank-empty indicator . This unit has a total of 10 LED indicators on the top , including five just to show the selected humidity level . It does have a float which cuts power to the fan when the tanks are empty , but no indication of that is given . The only way to figure out when you need to refill it is if you use the ionizer function
 I bought this because it was Analon , which I love . However , the can opener is not what I would have hoped for . It takes the top part of the label off which gets into whatever you are opening . It is also wearing out already and I have n't had it very long and do n't use it all the time .
 We bought this vacuum a couple of years ago , because we were advised that it was suppose to in comparison to the dyson and half the price . It also advertised that it would never lose suction . The primary reason we bought it was because we have two labs and picking up dog hair is trully a problem.At first the unit work great . We were pretty impressed and happy with the unit . But , the pet attachment stopped working shortly after the warrant ran out . And after about two and half years , the vacuum is no long picking up dog hair like it use to . We now have to go over the same spot three or four times and we are still left with streaks of hair . We 've taken good care of this vacuum too ; cleaning the filters and the canister regularly . I would not recommend this vacuum . We are currently trying to decide between an Oreck or Dyson . We know people with both and they swear by them . They might cost more , but at least they come with decent warranties .
 I bought this vacuum about a year ago and slowly over time a few things have gone wrong with it . I guess the only good thing is that it really has n't lost suction just as it states on the front of the unit , but through the rotational pet hair brush , now that 's another story . I probably had it about 6 months when the rotational pet hair brush began to spin slower and slower , now it barely spins at all so it 's useless . I 've cleaned everything and checked for clogs everywhere but every path is as clear as I can see . Now it overheats constantly . I ca n't even use it for more than five minutes before it shuts off because of the built in thermostat . I did like the length of the hose though , but the vacuum itself is pretty light so it tends to topple over quite a bit while using the extension tools . The brackets that hold the extension cord are made of plastic , they are cracked and ready to break off . Only 4 of the cyclone chambers seem to get filled with dust , the rest of them stay clean so I 'm not sure if that is part of the overheating problem but it seems like a vacuum should last more than a year . I wish I had thought about reading reviews before I bought this one !
 My first problem with this product is its 24-cyclone part -LRB- located at the top of the machine -RRB- . When you want to clean it you have to wash it . The problem is that you can not use the machine if that part is wet and it does not dry for days once you wash it . The reason is that it is so tightly built the water left inside evaporates very very slowly . Basically , this is a high maintainance machine . It says on its ad `` Advanced cyclonic no loss of suction technology '' . Well , I am willing to trade this technology with emptying the dust cup more frequently if it requires that much maintainance.Second , it is very heavy . I do not mind it but my girlfriend really hate to use it and everytime she complains about it.Third , I do n't think that its suction is very good , especially for this price .
 I will never buy one of these again . It worked for about 3 months then the extender tube latch broke , so the tube did n't lock in place . When I ordered a new tube , it did n't even fit the vacuum as the new tube design was slightly different than the original.The drive belt breaks very frequently , and replacements are hard to find . Do n't try to use another type of belt though , because the beater bar will overheat , even to the point of melting.The dust bin is so small that you need to empty it every room.The only nice thing I can say about this is it does pick up pet hair pretty well . I guess if you only plan on using it for a year , it 'd be ok , otherwise I would not recommend this vacuum to anyone .
 In the 6 months I 've owned this , I 've had to replace the belt that powers the brush twice . Infinity says this is not covered under any warranty since it 's normal wear a tear . I would hope that the belts would last more than a couple months since I only use it every other weekend in a 900 sq ft apartment . I got this vacuum since it has Dyson technology at half the price , but I should have saved my money . When I 'm not waiting for the next belt to arrive in the mail -LRB- they are n't sold in stores -RRB- , the vacuum does great and has great power . Unfortunately , I do n't want to repeatedly spend $ 10 for new belts .
 This is my least favorite upright vacuum of any I 've owned . It replaced one of the original Fantom Fury vacs ; I knew the Fantom would be a tough act to follow , and that the Infinity would take some getting used to . A year later , I 'm not only still not used to it , I hate it . The keyword for this vac is `` inconvenient '' . The electrical cord runs from the bottom and is in the way , which is a nuisance . Some molded parts on the casing have cracked or broken -LRB- including one of the cord clips that is supposed to keep the cord out of the way -RRB- ; not the kind of parts that can be replaced . The clip to hold the hose up out of the way does n't work ; the hose is too heavy for it , and the clip ca n't be closed tighter to hold it . Emptying the canister , dealing with too many filters , all a mess . This thing also overheats and shuts itself off faster than anything I 've ever used . I am told that it is n't defective ; it 's just the way it is . Bulky to move around , the attachments do n't work terribly well . Do n't even think of putting those attachments where they 're supposed to fit on-board -- everything is in the way of everything else . I did check out reviews before I bought it -- wish I 'd paid more attention to the negative ones . Do yourself a favor and save your money . This one is n't worth it .
 I thought at first it would be a good vacuum , if I had known it was made by Shark I would have never looked twice . Their other product I purchased lasted less than 2 months before failing . Now this vacuum has no suction , is hard to push and is louder than before . I clean the container every time I use it and I even checked for clogs , none . The vacuum is just an all around poor performer . Please do n't waste your money on this brand .
 Defective design !!!! After only 2 months of normal use -LRB- we are a household of 3 plus one medium sized dog -RRB- , the latch on the telescoping wand fell apart . This is also the latch that holds the handle in place to push and pull the vacuum . Mine is now taped together to make the vacuum useable . I promptly contacted the company , only to be told that I would have to ship the vacuum back to them at my expense . Then , they would keep it 4-6 weeks before it could be repaired . I was also told this was not a part that I could replace myself , although I found it on their products list for $ 19.95 . Needless to say , I can have the vacuum repaired locally much cheaper and faster than I can ship it back . Maybe this is what this company wants ... . Sell the vacuum with a `` so-called '' warranty , but no one will use it if you have to pay a fortune to get this heavy beast back to them to be repaired . In my opinion , the vacuum should be recalled for such a poor design . The entire company should be recalled for such poor customer service . DO N'T BUY IT !
 I got the NV31 for three reasons . First , I was taking my Dyson DC07 in for warranty repair -LRB- cracked dust release level & needed beater brush -RRB- , and according to the service personnel , it could take 3 weeks to get the Dyson back . Second , my stepdaughter needed a vacuum for her apartment , so I thought I might kill two birds with one stone and use the NV31 while I waited on the Dyson to come back and give the NV31 to my stepdaughter when I got the Dyson to replce her Dirt Devil . Third , the NV31 was on clearance for 65 % of the price seen at Amazon.I was also taken in by the style , and the small details . One big selling point for me was the removable cyclone that can be washed . The Dyson cyclone is fixed in place , and it is difficult to remove and clean , not to mention that doing so voids your warranty . The other thing that caught my eye was the number of cyclones on the NV31 versus the Dyson DC07.The big question is , does the NV31 perform , and does it stack up to the Dyson DC07 . Short answer
 Had to return it . Belt broke first time I turned it on ! Then it started turning itself off after a few minutes . The book says clean filters . ???? It 's brand new but I cleaned the filters . It still turns off after a few minutes use . Lousy customer service in India tries to tell me to clean out hose . No , it sucks great until it turns off . Nothing is blocking hose . Then they want me , yes me , to send it back to them . Not an exchange . If they find something wrong with it THEN they will send me a new one . Hello ? Be without a vacuum for weeks ? How about if I just take it back?I borrowed my friends all floor Dyson Pet Care vacuum . Its the thinner more expensive model . Works great ! I loved it so much I used it to clean my blinds and ceiling fans . I do n't know how Dyson 's customer service is , however .
 When I first purchased this vacuum , I thought it was great . I have now owned it for 2 months and two things happened . One a gasket came loose off of the debris screen -LRB- they just glue it on -RRB- and the company will not sell just the gasket , only the entire screen $ 19.95 plus shipping . Second the telescopic wand does not lock in place all the time , so you need to slide the wand up and down until it catches . This is a problem because the wand is also the handle of the vacuum . The company 's response was to make sure I push the button hard . The button does n't move ! So the alternative is to ship the entire vacuum back to them , shipping paid and I will receive it back in 4-6 WEEKS !!!! In arguing with them , they would agree to only pay the shipping from the company to me , otherwise the consumer is responsible for shipping both ways ! Not only did I pay $ 250 for a vacuum , but then I need to pay additional money to have them fix their manufacturing defect ! Buyer beware , it works great at first , but in the long -LRB- or short -RRB- run it will cost you more than if you purchased the Dyson from the beginning .
 What a rip off . I bought the Infinity Upright Vacuum Cleaner with Pet Care System about six months ago . No problems at all for the first 2 months , but about a month later my husband had to take the Infinity to the repair stop to have it unclogged . Did I mention that only the sleeping quarters of the home has carpeting , and that we have no pets ? So what 's with the Infinity clogging so fast ? What a waste of my money and a total disappointment . I guess it just goes to show you that you ca n't judge a book by it 's pretty little cover now can you ? Again , a waste of money and a waste of time !
 I bought this vacum when we moved and thought it would be great . Needless to say at less than 2 years old it is broken and will not suck anything up the tubes I have spent hours trying to fix it and have since decided to throw it out and get a vacum with a bag that is much simpler and requires less maitance . I hate this thing and wish I never had wasted the money !
 I bought this about 18 months ago for the same reasons as most other reviewers , rated very highly , similar to a Dyson but for less money . At the time , it rated very highly here and in Consumer Reports . I also had considered an Oreck.I was happy with the suction when I got this . For that reason I could deal with the other unpleasant issues that I did notice right away . It is very heavy . I have back problems and it is very hard to move this vacuum . It is very top heavy and tips over with the slightest nudge . It 's not just one filter that needs constant cleaning to TRY and keep this from clogging but several ! A very messy and time consuming job . And these need to be washed with water and then left to dry overnight.During the past few months , I have noticed the loss of suction . I 've cleaned filters more often , replaced several and generally `` babied '' the vacuum more and more . To no avail . Today it has completely given up on me . It has also been overheating as others have said . Only mine will take several hours before it will turn back on , and then , only for about 5 more minutes.I certainly would NOT recommend this vacuum to anyone . Either spend more for a better vacuum , or spend less for one that may work better than this but for a shorter time - that you know you will only have to replace . After this experience with those filters , the suction and the mess , I have decided I am getting an Oreck !
 This vacuum has pretty poor suction . Have to make multiple passes to get all the dirt in.Dirt disposal is pretty awkward and the dirt cup capacity is too little.Pretty heavy and requires effort to use .
 I got this as a wedding gift . When I first pulled it out of the box and looked at all the gadgets , I thought I was in heaven . Then we started to use it . After a couple forwards and backs , it started to make this high-pitched whine when I pulled back . I could n't figure it out but kept going . Then I realized that it had filled up already . When I pulled it out to empty it , I saw that it was pulling fibers right out of my carpet . About a month later we got a dog , so I was excited to use the pet care system . Unfortunatly , the ` pet accessories ' dont actually suck the pet hair up off the couch . I end up using the normal attachments that all vacuums come with.I 've had it for 7 months now . I am not thrilled with it -LRB- I have a small 2 bedroom apartment -RRB- as I have to take it apart and clean it often -LRB- once to twice a month -RRB- so it will keep working . And today when I pulled it out I noticed that the power cord was fraying already.Fortunatly Bed Bath and Beyond will take it back . I plan on buying a Bissell Lift-Off this time .
 Can use for 12 minutes before it shuts itself off for an hour . It is extremely hard to clean out the canister . You need to use a fork and then you only get some of the debris . It all sticks to the screen and it constantly looks dirty and gross .
 I purchased the Infinity ahnd thought it was a fantastic vacuum . It sucked up dirt better than my Hoover Windtunnel . After using it a couple of times , I noticed the red light blinking . I emptied the dust collector . I then vacuumed my living room , which is an average size and the red light came on again . This happened several times after I emptied it . So I washed out the cylinders , which requires patience and effort . I was only able to vacuum my living room and small hallway and again the red light . Conclusion
 After one year , our Infinity is headed to freecycle . Problems
 I was very impressed with this vacuum the first couple of times i used it . It sucked all the cat haor nice but we did have to empty it twice during one session . Than is broke . We paid 18 $ for a belt , that did not fix the problem . Than we called and they had us pay for shipping to New York which is the only place they will fix it under warrenty . 6 weeks later we finally get it in the mail . Well , it is not our vaccum cleaner . They sent a lower end vaccum -LRB- not the pet hair system -RRB- , and guess what ? it showed up BROKEN . We called them and they said their system didnt have us there so now we have to wait till Monday to call their corpoate office.REALLY - horrible product , HORRIBLE service.We are now using our old vaccum until we hopefully get a refund!I will update this review with what actually happens .
 This product is poorly designed . First it tips over very easily . Second , you constantly run the vacuum over the cord . Third , it has a very small capacity for dirt . Fourth , you have to use your hands to reach in and take out the dog hair and carpet dirt . So what is save with the HEPA filter is lost when you empty it . Not good for alergies . So it is overrated and over priced .
 I 'm really suprised by the comments that this has good suction . We 've had it about 20 minutes now and I 've found I can suck harder thru a straw than this unit.I have to litterally play with a small piece of dirt to get it to pick it up . So after about 30 seconds of playing with a speck of dirt , I get to move on to the next one.It just absolutely does not pick up by just normal vacuum motions.Our old vac was 3 times the vac before it died.We 're taking it back to the store right now .
 I bought this thinking it would be a cheaper version of a Dyson . Guess I have to take the plunge and buy the real thing!After attaching the hose clip and inserting the telescopic handle , I did a quick pass on my living room carpet with my 10-year-old Hoover that I bought for $ 60 new . I did n't even change the almost full filter bag first . Then I vacuumed with the Infinity . It did get some more carpet fiber and pet hair out of the carpet , but not a significant amount . From what I have read about the Dyson , people are truly impressed and could n't believe their carpets were that dirty . This was definitely not the case with the Infinity.With 3 kids under six , and 4 cats , I really think it should have found a lot more dirt than it did .
 3 months after purchase the plastic housing on the base broke . I had to ship the entire unit to the East Coast and wait 6 weeks before it was returned to me . 6 months after purchase it began overheating and turning off . Many thorough cleanings per instructions and calls to `` customer service '' and the problem is getting worse . Suction is great when it works . Handle is breaking . This unit is on its way to the garbage .
 I have owned this machine for about two years now . I have two dogs that shed all year round . This machine has lived up to it 's claims as a Pet Care system . However if you do purchase this product and you need to get any service you are going to have one of the most frustrating experiences of your life . First of all you have to mail your machine to North Carolina . Second if you have not saved your proof of purchase then you are totally OUT OF LUCK . I have the machine , the manuals and what have you , but since I purchased this from Costco along with many other items I did not save that receipt . Now I am left with a machine that I can get no service on because I can not produce a receipt . I had ordered a few belts within the first month of the purchase . They have that in their records . Yet now that I need service on the machine their call center folks told me that without the proof of purchase I am totally out of luck.The machine does what it claims , and does it very well . However if it breaks down then you are left out in the cold by the company unless you can produce the proof of purchase . So if you do decide to purchase this product then guard the receipt or else plan on purchasing another vaccum if you ever have any problems with it . In short the product is very good . However if you expect the kind of customer service that any other company offers , even without the original sales receipt , then the buck stops with Infinity .
 Purchased this in Jan08 , and last month -LRB- Jun08 -RRB- it started to overheat every time we turned it on . Followed all the instructions , took it all apart and found no clogs/hair/etc . The motor is just plain shot . It 's under warranty , but you have to pay for shipping to send it back , which is $ 50 + dollars . What a rip-off . Buy a Dyson or save $ 100 and get a Bissell or something that does the same job .
 We were excited about having a ` new vacuum ' vs the old school 1980s hand me downs . Fire engine red , see through , super cool right ? yeah , for like 2 weeks . It 's powerful , but the quality stinks . It 'll overheat cause stuff gets stuck in the top of the nozzle . It 's angled and not curved , so you 'll have to remove the hose and bang nozzle on the ground to get the crap out . Second , the nozzle extension keeper broke , so the thing extends up to 8 feet as you vaccum , making it like a giant stick animal . The bottom round flapper of the dust bucket broke off , so you have to hold it while you empty . The top of the handle broke off too , so wearing gloves is required . Oh , and they put the electrical cord at the BOTTOM , so you run over it all the time . Hello ? Did they even try to use it ? You also must remove the inside mesh filter thing from the dust canister and get the stuff out . Other than that it actually does pick up fur and dirt , and the pet nozzle thing sounds like a race car when it 's attached , so that 's kind of fun . Overall , we wish it 'd had actually worked , cause it 's good lookin and all , but the 80 's hoover beat it hands down . Thanks to China !
 We have had this vacuum for 8 months now . At first , it was awesome . Then the problems became more and more frequent -LRB- even with regular maintenance and care -RRB- :1 - We do n't have pets , but we do have kids ... it probably works better with pets . This thing embedded raisins into my carpet and it gave me a hard time with the remnants from the paper shredder . It just does not do as well picking up bigger objects -LRB- unless you are using the wand , obviously -RRB- .2 - Although we were amazed at how much dust and hair it collected as opposed to our last vacuum cleaner , it started overheating easily a couple of months ago . Since then , it seems to overheat more frequently , even though we take care -LRB- as we always have -RRB- not to let it overfill and watch for clogs .3 - It requires a ton of maintenance
 Works OK but loose suction fast , hard to clean canister , and handle broke off after couple months . I do n't recommend this Infinity vacumn
 I loved the idea of a pet care system becaue I can never get all the dog hair cleaned up well . I have had the infinity for 11/2 years and made several calls to the customer service department -LRB- which was of course outsourced -RRB- . Each time they could not help me unless I wanted to pay to ship it to them . The handle broke at one point and for $ 30 I can get a part shipped to me . The suction and vacuum stopped working and my husband had to take it apart to get it working again . It also does not stay upright . It is constantly falling down . Very poorly designed product ! Do not buy !
 I bought this in a hurry - I have two vacs and both died on me and I was expecting weekend guests , so I ran out to Kmart and grabbed this one . It 's pathetic . I plan to have my Hoover windtunnel -LRB- with bag -RRB- repaired . It was cheaper and far better.This machine 's unsatisfactory issues are :1 . Suction is poor . POOR , POOR !!! I have to go over the same rug or floor area multiple times to get dirt up . -LRB- Dog hairs , tiny pieces of doggie bone treats , and the usual household dusty/debris . NOTHING excessive . -RRB- A single pass with the Hoover would have it all clean as a whistle . I just give up with this one before I have it cleaned completely .2 . Has a loud screaming high-pitched whine above the normal vacuum sound3 . Emptying the canister is both easy and difficult - there 's a push button to dump , but then there 's dirt up higher which has to be removed by sticking something up in there to dislodge it . Absurd .4 . Additional tools come in a bag , do n't attach -LRB- except for a couple -RRB- , so you need to cart them around , too.This machine 's good issues :1 . nice extra long hose .2 . Wand is in the handle - easy to switch between upright and wand.The ` good ' does n't come close to overcoming the bad . I really hate it.My Hoover Windtunnel is loud , but otherwise is a fabulous machine . After that suction , the Infinity is well named ... takes infinity to get the dirt off the rug and floor . I thought for the price of the hoover , it would make sense to just get a new machine . Nope . If it 's too much to repair , then I 'll buy another just like it . And never again will I buy a Shark product.UPDATE
 I thought this would be a good vacuum to clean up all the hair from my three dogs . It cleans well but all other dealings have been a headache with this vacuum . First off , it picks up dog hair well but then you have to open the vacuum and clean out the clog the hair formed . I needed a belt to replace a broken one . Guess what ! Bed , Bath and Beyond , Walmart , Sears , Lowe 's , Target and Kmart do not sell belts for this vacuum , even if the company sells the vacuum . You can not get a belt for this vacuum from any website I have been able to find either including the comany 's website . I finally contacted the company by phone and the only way to get a belt is to order through them and ofcourse it was three times as expensive than every other belt I saw at the above mentioned stored . If you are looking at buying a vacuum , I would not recommend this vacuum to a friend .
 I got this vacuum because my cheap $ 80 vacuum died about 2 weeks after we got 2 kittens . Hmmm . My best friend has a Dyson , but I could n't justify spending $ 500 on a vacuum even if we had it spend . So I researched and bought this one about 11/2 years ago . I LOVE IT ! We have had absolutely no problem with it . The carpet in my apartment is probably the first carpet EVER made , and between the crappy carpet and walking around with shoes on and 2 cats that shed like crazy , it does wonders . I 've had no problem losing suction , it picks everything up , the telescoping handle is awesome , and the pet attachments really do pick up the hair . My one cat thinks he owns the recliner , so it 's always hairy , and the vacuum and attachments do a fine job of picking the hair up . Emptying the cup is easy too , although with all the hair I sometimes have to reach in with my fingers to get it out . We clean all the filters on a regular basis to maintain the machine . I can see where some people with allergies have complained about cleaning it-I took everything apart today and cleaned it out and I was sneezing like crazy , and I do n't have allergies . The dust and dirt it picks up are so fine . I suppose if I had allergies I 'd just make my hubby clean it because the trade off of it working so well in my mind make the machine worth the effort to clean it . Hope this helps!Update
 Claims that it is simple to use and requires no filters , but is heavy and difficult to push across a carpeted floor , and does require one type of filter replacement.Filtration system consists of a foam chunk , which you remove to clean . You save money by not having to buy new filters , but now have to hand wash the foam and wait 24 hours for complete drying before using it again.Capacity of dirt holding cylinder is incredibly small . Only allows for about a square 10 foot section worth of floor to be vacuumed , then needs to be dumped out.You have to disassemble the dirt holding chamber to empty it , and then fit it back together in puzzle fashion.The claim that it is `` designed for pet lovers for superior pet hair clean-up , '' is utter nonsense . Runway style rows of dirt and hair are left behind after a pass over an area.It does not provide any benefits towards removing pet hair , and was a total waste of my time and money , so I would n't recommend this product to anyone .
 There 's no doubt that this vacuum has great suction power , picking up massive amounts of dog fur . Unfortunately , after only one week , I have to return it because :1 . The dog hair it picked up is IMPOSSIBLE to empty from the chamber without reaching in with my hand or a stick .2 . The belt already broke . Granted , it comes with one extra belt , but I have to wonder how long that will last if the first one lasted only one week .
 I just returned my 3rd Infinity Pet Care Vacuum . Fortunately Costco has the best return policy and customer service in the world so I was only greatly inconvenienced and annoyed by this vacuum.I brought this vacuum home to replace an old Oreck that does not handle pet hair well . I hefted it out of the box and gave it a trial run . I too was amazed at how much fine dust and pet hair it picked up . When I tried to empty the canister , I had to pick out the pet hair from inside the filter and dust was everywhere . Had to use a shop vac to pick up the mess in the garage and wash my hands to my elbows to get the dust off - so much for low allergen . The red light was blinking with in a week . I fully disassembled all parts , washed the filter and still - red light , then the burning smell and it shut off . Bye Bye number one.Thinking this was user error , I got a new one - same story but I was more careful about taking 20 minutes to fully clean out the whole thing - 4 big parts that need cleaning and fit together - after each and every use . Within two weeks , the hose clogged at about the mid point . I tried clearing it with an air compressor and a long stick and after a couple of hours of fooling with it finally got the clog to the end of the tube which does not come off the unit but instead bends at a right angle - I had to pick it out piece by piece with tweezers but was still so impressed with all that it picked up . Could n't get the red light off though so I took back number two.Being an optimist , I tried for number three and first used the handle to clean my curtains - it would not snap back in . The the clips for the cord both broke off and so did the the clip holding the hose in place causing it to be badly out of balance - red light came on , united heated up , cleaned thoroughly shut itself off ... back to Costco.I still wonder if there was some seal I was suppose to remove because I ca n't believe I would have such a hard time with all three units but when the plastic pieces started snapping off I felt the vacuum just has a poor design . Had I not had my Oreck for 15 years and my Eureka tank for 40 years I might think the it was my fault.So , if your are considering this vacuum or had just bought it , take it back before it is out of warranty . It does suck well but it was not made or designed to hold up .
 The Euro-Pro NV31 Infinity Upright Vacuum Cleaner with Pet Care Systemis beautiful to look at and is certainly powerful but it 's ability to maneuver easily and effortless is another question.To say that it is just right cumbersome does not describe it accurately . It 's weight is a bit of a problem too , sorry
 Like most others , I bought this vacuum because it was cheaper than the Dyson , had seemingly great features and I like the sleek red . It worked pretty well for the first month or so , but eventually it began to clog constantly , made burning smells and redeposited more dirt on the floor than it picked up.Since my one year warranty was coming to an end , I spent $ 65 to send it in for warranty repair and it took them forever to get it back to me . When they finally did , instead of my beautiful red vacuum , I had a blue one , and the cyclone chamber was broken . I called the company and they basically said `` tough luck '' on the color , but did agree to send a cyclone chamber that was not damaged . I received it about 2 weeks later and it was red , so now I have this patch-worked red and blue vacuum . I called and asked if they would at least send a matching cyclone chamber and they refused , saying their only obligation was to provide me with a `` comparable , working vacuum '' . Thanks a lot Euro Pro!After receiving the replacement and using it two to three times the first week , it began losing suction like the original vacuum . I called the company and they told me my vacuum was now out of warranty . What ? They did n't fix the original problem and it was under warranty when we began the process . They refused to budge , so now I have a two-toned piece of junk that cost me $ 250 . I even tried to have it repaired locally , but to no avail.Today I am buying a Dyson and will never deal with Euro Pro again .
 Much to my disappointment , I have had nothing but trouble and frustration with this vacuum since purchasing it 4 weeks ago . Here are the facts :1 . The belt broke the FIRST TIME I used it . There is nothing like having to tear apart the vacuum cleaner you just took out of the box .2 . It is EXTREMELY heavy to push , and top-heaving when sitting upright .3 . It flat-out stopped working for no apparent reason today . After tearing it apart AGAIN , 45 minutes later , it was back to working , but now is making an awful sound in the motor area.My time is valuable , and I refuse to fight with my vaccum cleaner everytime I want to use it . I 'm going to buy the Dyson Animal I should 've bought to begin with . Do yourself a favor ... do n't waste time or money on this vacuum cleaner .
 I am not sure if it 's me or the vacuum , but when I switched the mode from carpet to bare floor , it started blowing stuff out . For $ 200 , I will get something better .
 I am returning my 2nd Infinity Vac to the store today . The 1st one worked great for about 2 weeks then it started having problems so I assumed that particular one was defective and exchanged it for a new one . I have had this Infinity 2 months which , after reading the other reviews seems to be this products shelf life , and it is not working right either . Like others , I also found the handle to be hard to snap back in and I worried it would break eventually b/c you had to mess with it so much to get it back in . This product is great at 1st but is clearly a bad design . I suspect anyone that wrote a good review on this product has not had it for at least 2 months .
 Please ! DO NOT take a chance on ANY Shark product.Taking my 250.00 + Infinity out to the trash today ... less that 3 yo.Here is the bottom line!Yes ... all Vacuum 's are cheap , made of plastic and made in China ... But here is the problem with Shark product 's . There is NO customer service and NO parts available to repair broken a Shark!If you need a belt or light bulb , you might find it.ANY other item ... your done.Go to the website and search for parts . Google Shark and search for parts.Call 1 * 888 * 866 * 9600 in New York -LRB- an operating LLC for them -RRB- and try to find replacement parts.The design and `` info-mercials '' are great ... but when you need a part ... it 's over.YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED !
 I purchased this vacuum and was initially happy with it . After 5 months , the plastic tabs that hold the internal filter broke off somehow . The filter then goes off center and causes the motor to overheat and burn out . I called to get a replacement since I felt it should be covered under warranty ; I did nothing to cause the breakage and followed the owner 's manual to the T when cleaning . I was essentially told tough luck , I 'd have to pay for new parts.Lousy customer service , useless warranty . Save your money and buy a Dyson
 I read tbe reviews here on Amazon and elsewhere , and thought I was making a good purchase . WRONG ! To give credit where credit is due , the suction is very good , and it rivals Dyson in maintaining suction power without slowing down . But that 's the only thing in its favor.I bought this model because -LRB- a -RRB- I have allergies so wanted something with a true HEPA filter , and -LRB- b -RRB- I have a dog - short haired - who tends to shed in the spring and fall . Probably the most disappointing `` feature '' is how poorly balanced the unit is . When using the attachments , the base will frequently tip over . Once , the entire canister came dislodged when it tipped . BAD BAD !! But the WORST feature of this vacuum is the process involved in emptying it - there are 3 separate parts to be emptied , and getting everything clean involves coming in direct contact with all the junk that you are trying to keep away from ! After emptying it -LRB- while wearing a face mask -RRB- , I still ended up with a coughing and sneezing fit lasting 20 minutes or more.I do NOT recommend this product .
 I bought this about 5 months ago . I started noticing problems with it about 2 months ago . At first , it was great in picking up all sorts of stuff . I did normal cleaning and maintenance.Today I was vacuuming and it was balling up all the cat hair on the floor ... and leaving them there . Literally , I could run this thing over small pieces of loose paper and nothing would happen . No blinking red light , either , but I disassembled the unit and cleaned out the filters -LRB- just did a dry cleaning , since rinsing the filters with water means waiting another 24 hours for them to dry and we have guests coming over tonight -RRB- . Put the unit back together , and noticed some suction coming back , but now the red blinking light is on . It blinks when I pull the vacuum backwards and goes off when I push it forwards.Overall , it was a nice idea that worked for a couple months and then turned into a piece of junk . I 'll be returning this to Costco next time I go , and getting something else . One of the other reviewers said something about a Dyson working well for him/her . Maybe I 'll get one of those .
 Bought this unit for $ 250 -LRB- the most I 've ever spent on a vacuum -RRB- thinking that it would last for years . It has lasted 8 months and is falling apart ! Plastic parts abound on this unit . I understand the need to keep it light , however , there are critical parts that should not be plastic ! Several plastic parts have broken off and forced my to glue or do without them altogether ! The rotating pet hair hose attachment is junk . It clogs up almost immediately . Emptying the unit is a messy affair . Most of the time I have to reach up inside the canister and pull the dog hair out since it wraps around the wire screen filter in the canister . I 've had the red light come on at least four times in eight months , which means having to disassemble the unit and do a thorough cleaning of its multiple filters . And last but not least , the wands retaining nipple broke off . I had to superglue it back on as best I could , however , the wand will no longer come out of the unit -LRB- yes , I waited for the glue to thoroughly dry before I put it back into the unit -RRB- , effectively leaving me with an upright with no hose to get the corners , couch , etc.It 's sad that we consumers must seemingly accept that we must buy a new $ 100 vacuum ever year or two . Or we can spend hundreds more and get nothing more than a bit more suction - same plastic pieces of junk.In case your wondering , no , I am not rough or clumsy with my household appliances . But then , should we have to handle them with velvet gloves ?
 The item is cheaply made , very fragile . It was wrapped in a thin layer of bubble wrap with some brown paper inside a huge box . Arrived damaged . Called Amazon , told me to throw it away and they sent another overnight as this was to be part of an anniversary gift . Second one arrived in exact same packaging , damaged . Called Amazon again , they wanted me to pack it up and take it to UPS store for returns . I told them I was not going to do that since now I have to rush around looking for another one . Asked for supervisor , rep came back on they told me to throw both away and issued me a refund.Product itself looks nice but cheap , chipped and damaged due to shipping . Would not recommend ordering since their shipping and handling failed twice . It will just arrive damaged .
 This product looks very little like it does on the website . In real life , the frame -LRB- which is said to be wood , and may well be -RRB- looks like cheap plastic . In fact , I 've seen cheap plastic that looked more like wood than this so-called ` solid wood ' frame . On the web , the frame has subtle shadows of almost black along the scroll work which makes it look understated , dark and elegant . In person , the frame does have the scroll work but the entire thing is a flat brown color - no shading , no subtle black shadows . Stupidly , I tried to add the shading with an artist 's pen . It definitely looks better but not good enough to give as a present and now I ca n't return it either -LRB- totally my fault -RRB- . I have not been this deceived from digital to daylight since the last time I tried internet dating .
 I am sorry to say that my experience with the satin pillow case was disapointing.Before I even washed it I disgarded it due to the fact that one seem pulled apart .
 I picked this heater up at Wal-Mart for $ 15 . It 's intended use was for our office/spare bedroom . This particular room is freezing , it 's as if there is no insulation ! The room is about 10 ` x12 ' . Well , after letting this new heater run for a couple hours , I was kind of disappointed with the heat output . I ran it on the high setting , and had it cranked all the way up , but it was only warm within 2 feet in front of it.My father has an old little space heater about half the size of this , and his kicks the heat ! * Update * After using this for several weeks , I would change the rating to 3 stars . The first day I used it , it was particularly cold out , and this heater was having a hard time taking the chill off the room.But most of the time is does a decent job of warming the room.Only other problem is that it is a bit loud when it 's running .
 After 2 months of use , the fan stopped turning in this heater . This caused the heater coils to turn bright red and overheat . It started smoking profusely . My circuit breaker did NOT trip , nor did any fuses within the heater unit cut off . Luckily , I just happened to be nearby and smell the smoke . Another few minutes and my house would have likely burnt down . I will be filing a complaint with the BBB for this Lakewood product .
 I bought this last year . It lasted 3 months . It worked well while it worked . The store no longer carried it when I went for an exchange . I figure I paid $ 6/mo . for heat . That 's fair enough .
 I 'm proud to say i DID N'T buy this at W * lM * rt ! They are evil . But this is n't a review about making workers work for free , this is a review about poorly manufactured Chinese crap that does n't hold up.The design of the heater is pleasant enough . I dig the industrial minimalist approach . The heat output was OK . This heater would not heat up a room as the only source of heat-no small heater like this can do that . I did occasionally use it in the garage in the winter , and with the garage door closed , it actually helped keep my from freezing . Probably got the inside temp up to 40deg on a 25deg day.My problems are two-fold :1 . There is n't a tilt-sensor inside this heater . In spite of the box and the item description .2 . The heater quit working after 6 months-I 'm not even through one winter yet.I found the problem and discovered that heater quit working because of the thermal cutoff fuse which is probably way too sensitive . I believe these little fuses are supposed to reset after a while , but it has n't . To be fair , I have some pros :1 . Front air input
 I bought this heater at Walmart for 12.99 pluged it in grabed it at the top to hold it while i turned it on and got a nice long jolt ... . Needless to say its back at the store . The Lady behind the counter did n't beleave me dispite my plea and well now she does . Not a good buy . .
 Vendor uses misleading photos in their ads for their over-priced product that you actually receive . Beware and read the ad carefully .
 The Vornado 783B looks nice and has some power to it ; however , it 's not `` whisper quiet '' as advertised . It 's about as quiet as any other fan when it 's on the lowest speed ; but it gets louder as you get to medium and REALLY loud -LRB- ca n't use it if I 'm trying to talk to someone in the same room -RRB- on high speed . Also , it 's not very well balanced
 We purchased a few of these fans about 2 years ago for our townhouse . We do n't have central A/C , but needed something for the 1-2 months of heat that we get here in SoCal.Pros
 Expensive - Only lasted one year - Fell over a lot - Never buying this brand againNot that I can name a better brand , but ever other fan that I 've had costed less and lasted longer -LRB- I ca n't remember having a fan just break -RRB- What a disappointment !
 The fan came in the box with the knob that controls speed broken off . I 'll try super glue , but , I 'll never order another item like this again .
 * DONT BUY IF YOU HAVE SMALL PETS OR CHILDREN * one of them WILL get hit in the head by this fan falling over by the slightest touch . Vornado should recall this or make a REAL stand . It 's absolutely ridiculous.I bought this fan because it says it 's an air ciculator . Okay ... so one would think it would do what it says in other reviews . Such as pulling cool air from an air conditioner into another room.Temp in hallway under Vornado - 71 degrees.Temp in room only 1 foot from Vornado - 74.3 degrees . It never changed . I put the temp all over in the room , it never changed . Turned off the fan , did n't change . What a load of crap.There is no heat source in the room , it 's just a room that is 74.3 degrees . I do n't need a breeze , I need to actually pull air . One would think that if it 's able to pull air then it would at least lower it one degree . The air circulates , true - but all it does is circulate the same hot air . I do n't want a breeze ... my box fans can pull air from the hallway and lower the temp . I expected this to do the same and it failed.BTW I have the 5 speed gray Vornado which is this model except supposedly better .
 I generally like all the Anolon accessories - they look nice , and I like the grey rubberized handles - they are my kitchen tools of choice . I bought the garlic press around 6 months ago , and it worked well for a while . I did n't have the same problem that the other reviewer did , but it just seems like the `` press '' -LRB- I do n't know what else to call it -RRB- has stopped fitting into the other compartment . It 's sort of strange , since it 's metal and it 's not as if it could expand in size -LRB- right ? -RRB- , but it just does n't fit anymore . I do put it in the dishwasher - maybe that 's problem . All I know is that I now have a very attractive garlic press that does n't work .
 It came with a huge crack in the pulp container . Breville sent a new one and all was well . Now the part where the spiget has the juice flow out broke so it wo n't work . Breville said they no longer make this model , there no warranty , so it 's useless .
 I was really excited to find this juicer for only -LSB- ... -RSB- as it is so much less than other juicers online . From my research people gave high review of almost all Breville Products and I almost purchased the top of the line one for -LSB- ... -RSB- How glad I didnt as the so called reman . juicer I got is junk in my opinion and compared to other juicers I have it is messy to use and is messy to clean . The whole thing is clumsy putting together as just doenst seat properly until you get it just perfect and not that big of a deal but still annoying . I found that on a whole apple I had to apply alot of pressure and the it was about a second it devoured it . Sounds great but not the feel you are looking for , plus big junks of apple , carrot or whatever you are juicing is spitted into the reservoir . I have found that I need to rejuice the scraps and how messy that is trying to recut them as this juicer just SUCKS BIGTIME . I will Resell on Ebay as I will never buy a Breville product again as they look cool but are made in China by a not so good Manufacture I guess . I thought price was a steal for $ 50.00 delivered but not a steal when it functions half way and just in a few months that savings will be eaten up because of the fruits and vegatables being wasted and not juiced . I will stick with my old HealthMaster juicer built in the late 60 's as it is all steel and kicks -LSB- ... -RSB- compared to this one that has a 600watts and mine has under 200 but is built the old way and will just use until it wears out . I hope this review helps .
 Bought this because I also bought a non-stick saut&eacute; pan and did n't want to scratch up the non-stick coating . For some reason I expected the Nylon turner to not only not scratch the pan , but also be able to separate and flip eggs . Wrong . Everything -- especially eggs -- sticks to this turner . The edges are naturally a tad dull so they wo n't scratch , but my bamboo turner is n't sharp , either , and I can separate one easy-over egg from another with it . By the time I slither the eggs away from each other with this it 's too gummed up to get it under the eggs to flip them . Cleaning it 's no piece of cake either -- the eggs stick to it so badly I have to scrape them off with another turner . Truly the most useless piece of kitchenware I 've purchased in a long time .
 We purchased this bed five months ago for our then 16 month old . My husband was out of town when it arrived . I put it together by myself in about a half an hour with no difficulty whatsoever . It 's very sturdy , all wood , and not too high off the ground . My son has slept in it from day one with no problems .
 I bought the bed on the strength of the other consumer reviews , thinking that the one complaining about poor customer service was an anomaly . Never again ! The bed showed up without any of the screws or bolts needed to put it together . Several calls to the manufacturer went unanswered.I STRONGLY recommend against purchasing any products from Delta Enterprises . Save yourself the aggravation !
 I would n't know if I like this bed or not . I ordered it over a month ago and still do n't have it set up . Our son was really looking forward to using his `` big boy bed '' , however it has been a nightmare so far . We received the package , and opened it , finding no hardware or instructions . I called the manufacturer and they said they would sent them to me . Two weeks later we get hardware and instructions and sit again to assemble . We find out we are missing all of the support slats for the bottom . I call the manufacturer again . Three weeks later the slats come , so we sit down again to put it together . So page 3 and 4 are missing from the instructions ... we figure it out . Guess what ? There are 2 screws/bolts missing . Still in a crib .
 Super fast shipping from amazon . However , we were missing a part when the bed arrived . I tried to call Delta for the missing part but could only get through to the answering machine . I 've left several messages with no call back . I finally called a random person at the company who was unwilling to help me . She said to send a fax to the company . I sent a fax and still have not been assisted . I will be returning this bed . POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE !!!
 After recieving this bed my husband fought for hours trying to line up the holes with the screws they did n't match up . He tried taking apart and re-esembling the bed in many different ways trying to make it work . I fought for many frustrating hours too ! This bed was made very poorly . My son can not even sleep in it because once we did get it assembled the screws came loose and eventually fell out . He has no bed ! Now he is afraid to sleep in this bed and we feel it is NOT safe FOR HIM TO SLEEP IN anyway . I also noticed something interesting we never have had this problem with other products we have assembled except some years back we bought a childs ` dresser that fell apart as well . I happened to look at the label on the bed and the bed was built by the same company that built the dresser -LRB- Delta Enterprise -RRB- . I called the manufacturer on the dresser when it started falling apart . They do not refund and expect you to pay to send their product back already assembled -LRB- yea right -RRB- to get a replacement for another unsafe product . They honestly tried to blame me that we used the wrong screw driver , now what will they say about the bed ? I used a different screw driver and followed the directions carefully . I will definately look at the manufacturer next time !! I will stick with the manufacturers we have had no problems with assembling their products and that have proven to be safe at the same time . When it comes to my child 's safety it is NO BARGAIN !!
 When I went to put the bed together the screws were missing then it took the company another week to send me screws . When I finally got the screws the bed was hard to put together.This is a cute bed but I would not recommend it to anyone . If you want this bed order it a year in advance so you have all the parts and can put it together by the time you need to use it !
 We recieved this bed without the screws , bolts , etc. . Called the number for missing parts and it was disconnected . All the other numbers we called went to a message machine and we never heard back from the company . Finally my husband went out and bought the screws and other missing parts -LRB- the directions tell you the size of everything you were suppose to have in the box -RRB- . He was able to put it together in no time and my 19 month old son loves it ! It looks great and is very sturdy . Unfortunately my husband will not order baby furniture items on-line again .
 We bought this product for our son . It has slats for support . It was hard to put together because two of the slats were too thick to fit in the slot for the rail , and you have to line them all up so the pegs fit in the holes . Relunctant to take it back , my husband sanded the edge a little , and it worked . It looked GREAT when we put it together . Less than 12 hours later , my 35-pound son plopped down -LRB- he did NOT bounce at all -RRB- on his new bed , and the slat snapped right in half . Turns out it is `` engineered '' wood
 I had the exact same model a few years back for my oldest boy which I ordered thru Target via Amazon . Quite satisfied , I reordered the same for my second boy . It arrived in awful condition badly gouged and damaged , scraped and banged up . The damage was from the warehouse and not delivery as the outer package was in perfect shape . The inconvenience of returning this bulky item which already took close to three weeks to arrive , is more then I wished to contend with but would advise to anyone considering ordering this online to be cautious as yours too may arrive terribly damaged . I gave this two stars as it is very functional , economical and when not so terribly damaged , very cute ... thankfully my three year old is unaware of the cosmetic damage and enjoys his ` big boy ' bed .
 I almost bought this bed , thank you for all the reviews . I refuse to buy this bed . Sounds like the company is terrible to work with to get parts , etc. . They just lost a sale . Not to mention other people who decided not to purchase this item due to comments made by people who received poor service . It might be a great bed but I do n't want to be treated that way . Service does matter .
 What are the dimentions of your AC cover extra large ? I need to cover my AC that is 28 * 28 * 20 . Please reply to my e-mail . Thanks a lot , Eduardo
 We bought this chair right when our baby started to eat solids . We liked that it was well-constructed and very attractive . Like others , we were a little disappointed in the straps - difficult to use , and strangely located right at the back of the seat.We used it for several months , and it worked okay . But as the little one has been just learning to eat and can be very messy , we were getting more and more tired of constantly cleaning it and our dining table . We read somewhere a recommendation for a $ 25 high chair at Ikea . We bought that chair , and it 's been a night and day difference ! The Ikea chair is easy to clean , comfortable , and easy to strap.We know that we 'll eventually go back to the tripp trapp , and that it will have utility for a much longer period of time , but I just ca n't recommend it for those with babies . Go with a regular high chair and consider the tripp trap when they 're really ready to eat at the table .
 I ordered this as a birthday gift for my GF . From the pictures , it looked beautiful , but as soon as I opened the package , I was hugely disappointed and my first thoughts were `` I ca n't give her this !! '' . First , I expected a perfume bottle to be `` delicate '' looking but this one is big and feels clunky . Also , I expected the stopper to be tapered and fit snugly into the bottle , and have a `` dabber '' at the end for applying the perfume . In this bottle , my first thought was that they shipped the wrong stopper ! The dabber was about half the diameter of the opening of the bottle and so short that the bottle would have to be filled almost to the top to reach the perfume.Quality was another issue . OK , this is n't such an expensive bottle to expect perfection , but the bottle that I received had a very obvious -LRB- and not so pretty -RRB- bubble in it , as well as a small chip on one of the four flat surfaces.I do n't usually write such negative reviews but this item was so disappointing on so many levels .
 no batteries were included and the slot for the battery was not even big enough for the battery to go into ! i had to force the AA battery in , so it may never come out again . shipping took MUCH longer than expected and the wood looks CHEAP ! i will never purchase anything else from this company again
 We purchased this bed five months ago for our then 16 month old . My husband was out of town when it arrived . I put it together by myself in about a half an hour with no difficulty whatsoever . It 's very sturdy , all wood , and not too high off the ground . My son has slept in it from day one with no problems .
 I bought the bed on the strength of the other consumer reviews , thinking that the one complaining about poor customer service was an anomaly . Never again ! The bed showed up without any of the screws or bolts needed to put it together . Several calls to the manufacturer went unanswered.I STRONGLY recommend against purchasing any products from Delta Enterprises . Save yourself the aggravation !
 I had the exact same model a few years back for my oldest boy which I ordered thru Target via Amazon . Quite satisfied , I reordered the same for my second boy . It arrived in awful condition badly gouged and damaged , scraped and banged up . The damage was from the warehouse and not delivery as the outer package was in perfect shape . The inconvenience of returning this bulky item which already took close to three weeks to arrive , is more then I wished to contend with but would advise to anyone considering ordering this online to be cautious as yours too may arrive terribly damaged . I gave this two stars as it is very functional , economical and when not so terribly damaged , very cute ... thankfully my three year old is unaware of the cosmetic damage and enjoys his ` big boy ' bed .
 I almost bought this bed , thank you for all the reviews . I refuse to buy this bed . Sounds like the company is terrible to work with to get parts , etc. . They just lost a sale . Not to mention other people who decided not to purchase this item due to comments made by people who received poor service . It might be a great bed but I do n't want to be treated that way . Service does matter .
 I would n't know if I like this bed or not . I ordered it over a month ago and still do n't have it set up . Our son was really looking forward to using his `` big boy bed '' , however it has been a nightmare so far . We received the package , and opened it , finding no hardware or instructions . I called the manufacturer and they said they would sent them to me . Two weeks later we get hardware and instructions and sit again to assemble . We find out we are missing all of the support slats for the bottom . I call the manufacturer again . Three weeks later the slats come , so we sit down again to put it together . So page 3 and 4 are missing from the instructions ... we figure it out . Guess what ? There are 2 screws/bolts missing . Still in a crib .
 Super fast shipping from amazon . However , we were missing a part when the bed arrived . I tried to call Delta for the missing part but could only get through to the answering machine . I 've left several messages with no call back . I finally called a random person at the company who was unwilling to help me . She said to send a fax to the company . I sent a fax and still have not been assisted . I will be returning this bed . POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE !!!
 After recieving this bed my husband fought for hours trying to line up the holes with the screws they did n't match up . He tried taking apart and re-esembling the bed in many different ways trying to make it work . I fought for many frustrating hours too ! This bed was made very poorly . My son can not even sleep in it because once we did get it assembled the screws came loose and eventually fell out . He has no bed ! Now he is afraid to sleep in this bed and we feel it is NOT safe FOR HIM TO SLEEP IN anyway . I also noticed something interesting we never have had this problem with other products we have assembled except some years back we bought a childs ` dresser that fell apart as well . I happened to look at the label on the bed and the bed was built by the same company that built the dresser -LRB- Delta Enterprise -RRB- . I called the manufacturer on the dresser when it started falling apart . They do not refund and expect you to pay to send their product back already assembled -LRB- yea right -RRB- to get a replacement for another unsafe product . They honestly tried to blame me that we used the wrong screw driver , now what will they say about the bed ? I used a different screw driver and followed the directions carefully . I will definately look at the manufacturer next time !! I will stick with the manufacturers we have had no problems with assembling their products and that have proven to be safe at the same time . When it comes to my child 's safety it is NO BARGAIN !!
 When I went to put the bed together the screws were missing then it took the company another week to send me screws . When I finally got the screws the bed was hard to put together.This is a cute bed but I would not recommend it to anyone . If you want this bed order it a year in advance so you have all the parts and can put it together by the time you need to use it !
 We recieved this bed without the screws , bolts , etc. . Called the number for missing parts and it was disconnected . All the other numbers we called went to a message machine and we never heard back from the company . Finally my husband went out and bought the screws and other missing parts -LRB- the directions tell you the size of everything you were suppose to have in the box -RRB- . He was able to put it together in no time and my 19 month old son loves it ! It looks great and is very sturdy . Unfortunately my husband will not order baby furniture items on-line again .
 We bought this product for our son . It has slats for support . It was hard to put together because two of the slats were too thick to fit in the slot for the rail , and you have to line them all up so the pegs fit in the holes . Relunctant to take it back , my husband sanded the edge a little , and it worked . It looked GREAT when we put it together . Less than 12 hours later , my 35-pound son plopped down -LRB- he did NOT bounce at all -RRB- on his new bed , and the slat snapped right in half . Turns out it is `` engineered '' wood
 I was very disappointed after purchasing this to find that this is basically a mattress cover . It 's two sheets sewn together with hardly a spec of cotton in between the layers . If you 're expecting a `` pad '' with any sort of loft , look elsewhere .
 We have guests almost every weekend , so we have need for both single and double inflatable beds . We have purchased at least six single and three double Aerobeds over the last few years . Every one of them -LRB- except the last , which is only 3 months old -RRB- has developed slow leaks which can not be found , so can not be repaired . A guest goes to sleep on a fully inflated mattress , and wakes up in the middle of the night on a hard , or carpeted , floor ! The product clearly has a design flaw . They know about it , but ca n't or wo n't remedy the problem . STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT ! -LRB- We are not sure how we will accommodate our guests in the future , but it 's just too expensive to keep buying Aerobeds . -RRB-
 Bought the raised pillowtop In Jan 2005 , 6 months later it sprung a leak at a welded seam around the pillowtop of bed . They did send me a replacement and it lasted about 8 months until it looked like a humpbacked whale -LRB- about 1 Ft higher in center of bed than edge -RRB- . They will not replace again because orginal purchase is over a year . The best they could do is give me free shipping on a $ 300 product that will not last a year NO THANKS , I can get free shipping at Amazon . Be aware that If you spend $ 300 for the best it will only last less than a year , so who knows about the cheaper ones . For me I will never own another Aerobed product .
 Used the queen size a number of times and was happy with its comfort . However , it died after less than a year and being used less than 20 times . The middle three cells on the bottom portion formed one large bump right in the middle of the bed . Soon after it sprung a leak . NOT WORTH THE PRICE !
 This thing works fine until it starts leaking . The leaking starts remarkably soon , especially considering the cost . After very careful use and storage , the mattress began slowly leaking immediately after the warranty expired . The leak seems to be in the valve within the motor . There are no punctures or tears on the surface or seams . Called customer service to discover that there is NO servicing this product 's motor or valves . No parts , No service !! If the motor fails or the valve fails - NO REPLACEMENT PARTS !! It was suggested that I throw it out and purchase another !!! In a world that is taxed beyond it 's capacity , you would think a company would manufacture a product that can be serviced instead of sitting in a landfill . The last thing a landfill needs is large sheets of non-degradeing , toxic PVC.Disposable products are immoral in this day.AVOID !
 I BOUGHT THIS QUEEN SIZED RAISED PREMIER AEROBED ABOUT 1-1/2 YRS AGO . IT HAS ONLY BEEN USED INDOORS ABOUT 5 TIMES -LRB- AS A GUEST BED -RRB- AND IS STORED IN A CLOSET . WHEN I INFLATED IT YESTERDAY IT APPARENTLY HAS A SLOW LEAK AND WOULD HAVE TO BE RE-INFLATED IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT . THOUGH IT IS COMFORTABLE , I SURE EXPECTED MORE FROM A $ 250 BED !!
 This overpriced mattress is not as convenient as the commercials would have it . First of all you need a 2Xgh adapter and who has those in their homes to begin with ? Secondly , you have to oil the motor with lubricant because it is a fan based turbine engine and it overheats really easy so if you keep on deflating it and then inflating it you are going to have major problems . The best thing to do is just buy a plain mattress and put it on the floor , it is probably a lot more comfortable than this plus you can eat corn on the cob .
 This bed worked well until it started to leak , after about its tenth use . The design makes it difficult or impossible to find or fix a leak . I would not count on this bed lasting longer than one year . Four stars for function , one star for durability , no stars for fixability .
 The air release valve is a very poor design and is prone to breakage . When it breaks , the bed is not useable until you replace the valve which will run about $ 15 . Check the Aerobed FAQs for more info .
 We thought we 'd buy this to use as a guest bed for my inlaws when they visit 5-6 times a year . After the second use , it developed a slow leak , so that they wake up in the morning kinda sunk in the middle . I ca n't see how we are going to be able to figure out where the leak is . It is still somewhat useable , since you can reinflate it as it goes down and it does n't leak so much you are on the floor , but for $ 250 , I expected it to be much better.I should have spent the money on a futon instead .
 If they would just come up with a design that did n't spring leaks , it would be a great product . I 've owned several over the last few years , and most end up leaking . Ironically , the leaks usually occur at the square impressions that are patterned over the surface , which are mostly for looks . These are created with a heat press , and the partial melting creates a weakness , leading to a leak .
 The garbage cans are great but come with no lid , the lids they advertise -LRB- an additional $ 9.00 -RRB- were way too small . Therefore went looking for the lids at the local Home Depot and found the the entire thing for less money and with it appropriate lid . When trying to return it , I have to pay for the shipping back and a 15 % re-stocking fee . Not happy .
 Do n't be fooled by the `` Mini '' turner title . This is just a regular size spatula . It is a full 31/2 inches wide . The description makes it sound like it is 11/2 inches wide . I was looking for a true mini turner to use in a mini one-egg pan . This is just like all the other turners I have , I am going to return it and ask Amazon to change the description .
 The title says it all . The tamper arrived rusted and appearing used . The clear plastic `` dot '' on top was cracked . Returning mine ASAP.Update
 Ok . The cost was very attractive , but the item that I received , like another reviewer mentioned , appeared to be used item or just horrible quality control . There were actual scuff marks and other scratches of use marks . A 1/2 '' long hairline crack on the side . A 1/2 '' long scratch on the top plastic . There was also a small 1mm dent on the edge of the bottom . There was a 5mm noticeable molding imperfection near the top from sealing the material inside with stainless steel . Now , this may all sound picky , but I ordered a new item and I want my item to look attractive . If i wanted a scratched up cracked tamper , i would have just bought that $ 6 cheap tamper . Anyhow , no biggie thx to Amazon 's awesome return policy . I love Amazon service.Another thing to mention , is that you can smell the impurity of the stainless steel coating . The tamper is obviously not stainless steel inside out as u can see the crack and plating warps . When a stainless steel is well made and free of impurity , u should smell nothing from metal . However , a `` stainless steel '' that has alot of impurities , u can smell the steel/metal odor . The item was made in China . No wonder . Also if the metal was not very pure and water was left to dry on the tamper , it will likely eventually form rust over time and make it unusable . A reviewer below actually mentioned rust , which is no surprise .
 Not a great tamper . The clear head was cracked ! It is difficult to find a good tamper for a domestic espresso machine , and this is n't a good fit .
 Terible quality ! Lightweight , empty inside , horrible chinese product ... Tamper bigger than its plastic box -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- Beware ! Waste of money !
 As some reviews warned , it came cracked ... I tried to order a replacement but was told they were no longer available ... plus despite measuring and trying to get the perfect fit for my portafilter its a little small .
 Within a month of owning this which I bought in late 2006 , the front water fill section became detached . The plastic designed to hold it in refused to hold the section in unless I turned it to no stream . I already threw away the original box so I just lived with it . Also , the retractable cord whips me if I do n't pay attention . I also wish they made the dial easier to turn -LRB- a little larger would be better -RRB- . June 2008 , the iron began to stain my shirts periodically . I cleaned the unit quarterly but I was not expecting an expensive iron go bad after less an two years in use.August 2008 update
 I was very disappointed after purchasing this to find that this is basically a mattress cover . It 's two sheets sewn together with hardly a spec of cotton in between the layers . If you 're expecting a `` pad '' with any sort of loft , look elsewhere .
 I was very disappointed after purchasing this to find that this is basically a mattress cover . It 's two sheets sewn together with hardly a spec of cotton in between the layers . If you 're expecting a `` pad '' with any sort of loft , look elsewhere .
 If you want something that has a spinning brush , take this off your list , poor design . The brush is powered by the suction of the vacuum , so when the filter gets dirty the brush speed decreases ... to not turning . However the overall suction is very powerful , so anything related to just sucking up dirt/crumbs is great .
 I expected more from this corded mini vac after reading the reviews . The filter cleaning/emptying/replacements are a joke and the capacity is non-existent . The `` power '' scrubber lose power after a minute because the vacuum is almost full ... bottom line , I regret making this purchase .
 Very possiby the biggest waste of money ever ! The cord gets stuck into the suction and makes for easy and quick use impossible . The nozzle for narrow spaces wo n't stay open and the whole thing is heavy and bulky - very sorry I purchased this !
 Amazon offered this item with an 8-Piece Kit Vacuum Micro Attachment for cleaning computers ... You 'd figure if they offer the items together as a set that you can actually use them together -- but NO !!! The hose that comes with the vacuum is not round - as the attachments are -- I ended up having to connect the items with DUCT TAPE so I could actually use the attachments to vacuum clean my computer ! Also , the carpet & upholstery attachment that came with the vacuum rotated nicely as it should when I attached it to the vacuum -- until the moment I tried to actually use it to clean the seat of my van . The second the rotating brush touched the seat surface it got stuck and it has not worked since ! The vacuum is a powerful unit - but I am not happy with the attachments it came with - nor the extra attachment offered with it .
 I love Chicago Metallic pans . I think they are the greatest -- except this one . I bought it because it was so cute . What a mistake . The inside of the cupcake was not cooked but the outside on the rim was burnt . I now use it for `` regular '' cupcakes and forget about the heart design . It was a waste of money and the pan is big for storage . Chicago Metallic really missed on this one .
 This is the dumbest thing I have ever spent my money one . I wish I could kick myself all the way back to the store for buying it . It does n't make cupcakes like picture unless you are going to be Buddy and cut them and all kinds of other crap . If you put to much mix in it the thing rises up like a balloon over the hearts . If you do n't put enough it just is mini cupcakes . SAVE YOUR MONEY and do not buy this crap .
 product pictured in William Sonoma Catalogue . it was not available . boughtit from amazon . product does not make cupcakes as pictured . sides arehard while cake is very dense . would like to resell it . used cupcake mix fromsprinkles bakery in Beverly hills , CA . was supposed to make 12 cupcakes . onlymade 6 . very poor advertising and product representation
 The mirror arrived and the finish on it was defective . It has ripples and lines throughout the finish making it look cheap and damaged . I exchanged the first mirror for another one hoping it would arrive without these issues . However , the second one has the same issues . It is a defect with the way they are made . It is not something that happened during shipping because you can tell that they tried to smooth it out cover it up . I just contacted Amazon and had to request a refund so I can get a quality mirror . I loved the design of this mirror and wanted it for the powder bathroom at our new house , but unfortunately I 'm going to have to keep searching .
 A lazer level is required to hang this mirror . So far I have not been able to find a handy man who has such a level and does n't want to charge a fortune for such a minor job . If ever I get it hung , I think it will be pretty .
 Cheap , cheesey ... . you get what you pay for . I sent it back . Incidentally , I ordered it from JAF Gifts and when I contacted them for the return , they told me I 'd have to pay a `` restocking fee . '' I informed them that I did n't recall any mention of a restocking fee when I bought it and would not pay it ... they relented of course , but then I still got stuck with the shipping ... twice . Save your money .
 Never buy anything from Poster Revolution , I ordered and paid for a poster `` Le Baiser de l'Hotel de Ville , Paris , 1950 '' from them on September 11 , 2012 . I waited patiently for 3 weeks before emailed Poster Revolution to inquire the where about of my poster . They never bother to reply , I emailed them again about a week ago , I still have n't heard from them ... . If you have money to waste go ahead and buy from them ... . I regret that I order from them ... . If I was n't forced to rate them before I can post this review , Poster Revolution deserves negative 5 stars .
 Item came tarnished . I realize you get what you pay for but ... I did receive a 15 % credit on the item . Jaf Gifts was willing to accommodate me .
 I would highly recommend that you refrain from ordering the cones and go with the `` stick '' version of this incense instead . Not only are the cones very hard to get lit , most significantly , they do n't give off the `` Spring Mist '' aroma as expected . Instead they smell more like melting or burning plastic . Simply put , they stink , literally .
 This is a weird and effortful piece of glassware . If you 'd like to do better , try this
 Extra glass on the bottle makes me think these were seconds . Painting is nice but the top section of glass bothers me . I did n't send it back because it will be in a cabinet where you really wo n't see the flaw .
 I bought a couple of these sets because they looked so nice . They do look nice , fitted my full size bed really well , with some extra room . I first had my cleaning lady wash the sheets in normal cycle , tumble dry . It shrank . Then I told her to wash the other sheets in delicate cycle and tumble dry low . It still shrank ! It shrank so much that I ca n't fit them on the bed . So dissapointed .
 This is the first `` nice '' set of sheets that I 've owned . Everything else comes from Walmart or is found in a Bed-in-a-bag set . I thought I would splurge on these sheets , never having slept on much more than 100 thread count . When I first opened up the package , they felt wonderful . Silky and as smooth as could be . I washed them right away on the delicate cycle and tumble dried on low heat as per directions . I took the sheets out of the dryer and they felt very familiar to me . They felt like your typical flannel sheets . That 's the best way I can think of to describe them . They feel just like a flannel sheet to me . Needless to say , I 'm not really impressed . I guess the other poster was right , you DO get what you pay for .
 Very poor quality , thin material , the dots are not that visible , it is true that `` you get what you paid for . ''
 While this peeler has great reviews , I am not sharing the experience.First of all , it does not cut all that well and I had some `` EL Cheapos '' in the past that were doing a much better job.But , an aluminum handle ? If you wash it in the dishwasher , you 'll have black fingers , that 's for sure.My last `` El Cheapo '' purchase at Wal * Mart was a disaster and went directly into the trash can.I was hoping for a better quality and was very disappointed.I 'll keep lookin '
 We ordered this peeler , thinking it would be a nice design ; but turned out to be bad quality and does not even look that good .
 This is a beautiful item , as far as peelers go . It definitely does not rust - it 's very sharp - but , every time I peel potatoes with it - the skins get caught in the blade . I like to peel super fast and get on to something else , but with this thing you ca n't - you have to stop and pull the peels out of the blade and then begin again - which is so sad , because it 's a nice peeler once it gets going again - really smooth and sharp , but it 's not good when you have to keep stopping just to pick out the stuff that gets stuck in the blade .
 I 've been looking for a high-quality , useful peeler . Unfortunately , this does n't fit the bill . The handle is too small to be securely gripped - especially with wet hands as is often the case when peeling.The blade supports are too close to the blade and I find that peelings get caught in between the blade and the supports requiring me to stop and clean it out before continuing -LRB- this happens every 4th or 5th stroke - very annoying -RRB- . I love to support US manufacturing - but the product has to be good at what it is supposed to do . This is unfortunately getting chucked and I 'm still looking .
 I have got negative review from my wife for buying this peeler!After trying it myself I understand why - it peels too much skin and handling is not that great . We are using different peeler now .
 When I finally needed to use this coffee mug it leaked all over me and my car.For the price . it should be of better qualityDo not buy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I am returning the 12V travel mug . It took over 1/2 hour to get to lukewarm ; at the rate it heated up , I would be surprised if it would be hot enough for tea or coffee in an hour !
 I purchased the MIU France Mandoline because of its $ 69 price tag -- comparable stainless steel mandolines I 've shopped for cost between $ 100 to $ 150 . However , I have returned this item because of several diffrent reasons . The instructions are very poorly devised , with minimal text and hard-to-interpret illustrations . There was no specific instruction on how to insert the blades , so I had to fiddle and fidget with the blades to figure out how they fit into the apparatus . Secondly , the hand guard is very bulky and awkward to hold if you have smaller hands . No matter how many different ways I 've tried to grip it , the hand guard felt too big and uncomfortable in my hand . It seems that they did not take ergonomics into account when designing this part . Finally , the hand guard does not grip the food very well so that it fell out and resulted in uneven slices . Those bad design flaws combined resulted in much frustration and a badly cut finger . Hence , I do not recommend this item unless you have large hands or have infinite patience for poorly designed kitchen tools with almost no instructions .
 This was my second pepper mill . I could n't find my former brand anymore -LRB- which had lasted 2 years -RRB- , so tried this one . I purchased it in August . It started out doing a fairly decent job of grinding peppercorn . A few weeks ago , it stopped working . The peppercorn gets stuck in the grinder -LRB- no matter what brand I use -RRB- and wo n't grind the pepper . It will , however , wear out 6 expensive batteries . For the price , this is a really bad thing to have happened 3 months after I purchased it . The salt grinder did n't fare any better . Do n't waste $ 30 on this product .
 If you 'd asked me a month after I bought this pepper mill , I 'd swear by it . Now , six months later , it does n't work at all . The grinder jams after about two seconds of grinding . Do n't know if the motor is dead , too weak to grind or just jammed somewhere . If I 'd paid $ 10 for it , I 'd say it had a good life , but for the price it 's just not worth it.You may get a longer life out of yours , and I hope you do , but do n't count on it .
 I received this as a gift , and it actually will grind peppercorns for about 3 seconds before the mechanism stops working . It continues to try to turn the grinder , but the grinder itself stops moving . Total waste of money .
 I have had this pepper mill less than a year , what a waste of money ! When it did work not much pepper came out of it . Now with fresh brand new batteries it wont work at all . Dont waste your money on this !
 I wanted to match the salt mill and assumed that it would perform equally . However , we 're very disappointed . The light does not work and the grind only emit large chunks despite maximizing the setting to fine . Further , when you buy from Amazon it is not very clear what should be done with a poor functioning product . I wo n't purchase mechanical products from Amazon anymore .
 Mine did n't last very long -LRB- 2-3 years -RRB- but at first it was great . I tried everything to fix it but ca n't figure out why.ProsLight is a nice touch even in bright kitchen.Grinds evenly.ConsDifficult to adjust coarseness.Takes 6 AA batteries .
 Had this for just a month , when it would no longer grind . The motor just does n't seem powerful enough . The output is on the small side , since when the motor DOES work , it goes very slowly . For something that uses 6 -LRB- !!! -RRB- batteries , there should be more than enough power . I will not replace , and I would not recommend . Avoid .
 The MIU France peppermill with light grinds the pepper well , but the problem for me came when I removed the slip-on cover to re-fill . The cover will no longer lock back into place ; it slips off and the grinder just falls down when you pick it up by the cover . You ca n't hold the mill and push the grind button on the top without it staying in place - not to mention all the batteries showing . UGH ! it 's really unusable now even though it still grinds .
 the first one arrived and the light did n't work , the replacement , the second one arrived and it barely ground pepper . No more for chances , I 'm going for a different brand !
 I love the speed at which I can grind a lot of pepper with this for preparing large dishes . However , the button often gets stuck in the `` on '' position , so this is not useful when you need to grind small amounts on an individual dish . In fact , the button often turns on when the mill gets bumped accidentally . I have ground a lot of pepper onto the shelf in my kitchen cupboard ! My husband hates this mill , despite his love for pepper .
 I had to send the grinder back due to not working properly and not having the bottom cover for the grinder . I was disappointed because this was for a birthday gift and it was not working and missing a part . I did not order another one .
 I bought this electric mill because I often have one hand involved in prepping a piece of meat when I need the salt and pepper . Shaking out some sea salt is easy with one hand , but grinding pepper needs both hands clean . The problem with this device is that the `` fine '' grind is not so fine , with some larger chunks passing through . Peugeot makes the best mills , and are the only ones to buy . I recommend this electric mill for arthritic seniors who like big chunks of pepper in their food .
 i thought i was gettin 2 grinders and so was disappointed but would have been great for one one !
 I loved this product when I received it for Christmas and up until the day that it broke . My husband accidentally knocked it over on the counter and it stopped working . I thought it was odd that it broke so easily , that I thought something must have been wrong with it before and so I purchased another one . Well , within 5 weeks the same thing happened and it stopped working .
 BATTERIES ARE NOT INCLUDEDI do n't like being lied to . This seller needs to take some business ethics classes.Also , this pepper mill is a piece of junk .
 Ever wonder what you can do to help the environment?Don ' t buy junky , throw-away items like this.Sure this electric peppermill is fun for a while ... but how long will it last ? Two years ? Four ?? Then the whole thing is off to the landfill . The electronics in this device are not recycleable.Besides , is twisting a pepper mill so difficult that it justifies dumping all those batteries into the earth?So make a smart decision for both your wallet and the environment.Buy a high quality , manual pepper mill that will last decades.Check out the Peugeot or Unicorn pepper mills , for instance.And have a great day !
 We had one of these and it worked well for a few years . I suggested it to my sister . Hers never worked well and totally stopped when it was less than 6 months old . When I had to replace mine this summer I had the same experience as my sister . My second MIU pepper mill never ground well and it has now just stopped . I can not recommend this product at all .
 There are two serious problems with this pepper mill . First of all , thegrind adjustment does n't work . You can turn it all you like and thegrind remains unchanged.Second , one of mine died . I was foolish enough to buy twoof these pepper mills -LRB- for black and white pepper -RRB- . One of them died inaround 2 months . The motor just stopped turning . I put in a full set ofnew batteries so that was n't the problem . I think the motor just burnedout.I just bought a `` Peugeot Elis u-Select Electric Pepper Mill , 8-Inch '' -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000H7O4TO/ref=oss_product -RRB- . It is alot more expensive but it seems to be working very well . The grindadjustment actually works . I 'll review it after I have used it a littlelonger .
 Initially I was very happy with this grinder . It worked as advertised and the size of the grind was perfect . After use for just one week , the motor works , the light still works but it does n't produce and ground pepper . All attempts to disassemble and reassemble were met with frustration and not ground pepper . BEWARE of this Grinder .
 This unit is badly constructed . We have owned MIU salt and pepper mills for years without issue . When the pepper mill finally gave up the ghost -LRB- the salt mill is still working -RRB- , I ordered a replacement . Other reviewers noticed no difference between fine and coarse grind - it 's because the central shaft is too small for the opening that controls the grinder , and that means that the spring that controls the grinder mechanism can not work . This is not a fixable problem .
 Poorly designed . Overpriced . Item would constantly jam up and finally quit working entirely after 2 months of limited use . Have tried to contact the manufacturer , but have had no luck . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 I just received my 2nd pepper grinder in the mail , as I could not get the old one to work . Needless to say , I am terribly disappointed after installing several different batteries and not being able to get it to connect . One of the springs in the battery area appears to be cockeyed , and I suspect that is the problem . In addition , there is no bottom lid to prevent the pepper from messing up my kitchen cabinet , where the grinder `` lives . '' My only solution is to send it back and request another . Your suggestions are appreciated .
 I purchased this peppermill as a gift for my husband and am sad to say it worked for only about a week before breaking . The motor no longer turns the grinder so it is now useless . I liked that the grind size was adjustable and the light was nice so you could see how much pepper you were using , but I am completely dissatisfied with the quality .
 We have purchased 3 or 4 sets of these salt & pepper mills over the past 5 years or so , for personal use and as gifts . They are great for people with arthritis and the lazy amongst us , who find it too exerting to turn the mills manually :-RRB- . Ours have been dropped a few times and were getting temperamental , so we ordered a new set . After a couple of weeks the drive shaft on the pepper mill motor must have snapped , as the motor would turn but would not turn the grinder . We got a replacement and the motor stopped working after about a week . The next replacement had a motor that was dead on arrival . Amazon declined to replace it again but refunded the cost . The problem with that was that it left us with the salt mill which was now 1 day past the return period . I found replacement motors for $ 10 at kitchenbasics.com , which is a division of MIU . I also emailed MIU outlining my problems and they cancelled the charges from kitchenbasics and sent me 2 motors at no charge . I am pleased with the response from both Amazon and MIU , but ... no one , either at MIU or Amazon could tell me what , if any the manufacturer 's warranty is . So , technically , you are on your own after the 30 day return period from Amazon.I found almost identical mills at Sam 's Club last week for $ 9.95 per Set of 2 . I bought 5 sets . So far , they perform and look as good as the MIU units that are $ 100/set . The brushed stainless finish on the Sam 's version is a little rougher but , for 1/10 the cost , they are great .
 Initial impression was awesome but grinder wore out -LRB- 6 -RRB- AAA batteries in ~ 2 weeks - second set of batteries same ... literally , through it in the garbage
 This peppermill worked great for about 1 month until batteries went dead . I replaced them and it has not worked correctly since then . the peppercorns get stuck in the mechanism and causes it to not turn . You must keep it full of peppercorns for it to chop the pepper and that only works for a few minutes before it get stuck .
 I 've owned this pepper mill for a year now . After 6 months , the grinding gear got completely worn out . I have to hold the pepper mill sideways . After grinding for 1 second , I had to take out the top , reposition the gear and then grind for another few seconds . My previous automatic pepper grinder lasted for 4 years .
 We thought this was really great for the first month . The light was kind of cool -LRB- but really unnecessary -RRB- . The grinder itself was okay . Once the batteries died we had the same problem as another reviewer and it never worked right after that . It was a waste of money -LRB- not to mention what you would spend on batteries -RRB- !!! I think we 'll go back to the `` manual '' pepper grinder . Do n't waste your money .
 This product sucks . It broke after a few weeks . It has plastic peices that turns the grinder . It disengaged from the gear when it turn the grinder . Do n't buy it . It 's poorly made .
 After purchasing several of these from Amazon , I can confidently say MIU has absolutely no QC in its manufacturing . I have yet to receive any pair of these without serious malfunctions . This includes minor things like the light not working on a Salt mill and the aluminum covering being so poorly glued it takes two hands to use the pepper mill , as well as major malfunctions like the wiring and the mill falling apart . The design is seductive for a purchaser always hoping the next order will be better . I 'm now convinced it will not.I also understand why the French &#34; caved &#34; in 3 weeks during WWII relying on on fortress that was never completed -LRB- Maginot line -RRB- and am grateful , truly grateful that my ascending the Eifel Tower did not occur when it collapsed -LRB- at some future date -RRB- . Lee Watson
 This peppermill did not work at all . Not once.To load the batteries and the peppercorns , you have to detach the top half of the mill from the bottom half . No problem . But when you try to reconnect them , BIG problem . The two halves are supposed to click in place with a half turn , but the catch does n't work . A couple of times , I THOUGHT the catch was engaged , but upon picking the mill up , the two halves disconnected and went tumbling to the countertop -- spraying batteries and peppercorns everywhere . This gets old FAST . I really did n't want to return the product , so I tried repeatedly to get it to work . Finally , however , I had no choice -- the thing simply did n't work . My guess is , the product is just cheaply made . A simple half-turn catch like that should work . But it wo n't if the plastic is cheap and the workmanship sleazy .
 I bought three of these mills as gifts late last year after trying the first one . Of the two being used , one quit working within months . My daughter had n't used hers to date . I tried contacting Miu France ... Good luck . . I was referred via websites to their west coast distributor , then to a parts provider.So . . after 31 days , you can not return it to Amazon and you can not contact the manufacturer or distributor directly . I did n't write the distributor or mfr . because Amazon made an exception and sent a replacement . That one came with a loose lamp wire cover tube inside the pepper reservoir.I tried to fix the broken one by first changing batteries , then trying the motor seperate from the grinder . The motor was hit and miss and the grinder shaft just locked up and would not rotate/grind if you tried to turn it manually . I have a machinist/toolmaking background.Beware . . you have little recourse with Miu if your mill stops working , but you can get parts through the website . However , you 'll need to trouble shoot the problem yourself . . the lamps/lights were not available . . backorder ! I 'll continue to use my manual grinder . .
 this item does not come with warranty , which it should for the price . we do n't use it that often and it broke within three months . do not buy .
 I wanted an electric pepper mill because of some arthritis in my hand and that function of this mill is good . But there is no way to adjust the grind to make it more or less coarse and as it is , the pepper is a very coarse grind . Not ideal .
 Had this peppermill for about a year . Used it regularly . Goes through batteries quickly-needs 4 AAA . The light stopped working in 2 months . You can not adjust the grind . Loved it while it worked . It is history now .
 Purchased 2 Pepper Mills less than 6 mos old motor dies.Xinhua Corporation is distributor does NOT respond . MIU is impossible to find contact information.General POOR QUALITY for price ...
 I started smoking meats so I need a lot of fresh ground pepper ; sometimes 3 or 4 tablespoons at a time for a rub recipe . I bought this unit to speed up that process but I found I can grind it faster by hand . If you want this unit to have on the table for your guests I suppose it would be OK . But , you have to hold it a long time if you want a good dose of fresh ground pepper . A hand grinder is faster .
 Nice pepper mill , but not durable . Within 2 weeks it got stuck on a particularly hard pepper kernel and it twisted itself into a mangled mess . I was able to remove the top , secure it with tape , and use it for another 6 months before the issue repeated itself and the motor came to a final halt . It looks good and it worked well , those first two week . Would never buy it again .
 I would n't recommend this colander ... unless you just want to hang it on the wall for color or something like that . It 's very pretty . With regular use , however , the enamel started to chip & the underlying metal began to rust within 4 months . We 've had it for about 8 months now and it 's completely unusable .
 Pretty ... hefty ... but when you cut into a steak , you make a mess . Bits of meat left in the blade.Spend more money on a good knife .
 These knives are very large ; the pictures do n't convey how big . They look like they would cut through massive steaks well . I ca n't say how they actually cut because they arrived covered in rust and I am returning them .
 The company false advertised this product so I was stuck with a cereal bowl that says popcorn and the company refused to do anything but charge me shipping to send it back which makes me still pay $ 20 for something I do n't have instead of a piece of crap .
 I thought these were so cute . But , cute is n't what you want in a knife . I received them 20 days ago and they are all losing chips of paint and one has fallen apart . Live and learn from me ... these are crap toys !
 I was pleased to receive this set as the four piece set turned out to be a five piece set . However , after about a month the paint on one of the knives began to chip . I am very careful with my knives , having some knowledge of how to treat them as I collect knives as a hobby . I hand dry and sharpen all my knives personally . Never leaving them in the sink . I purchased this set because it seemed like a reasonable price and fit the bill as far as everyday needs in the kitchen . Otherwise , the blades are sharp and could look good if the paint did n't chip.Update on the knives
 I 'm a little stumped . The GN vacuum bags have 5 thin ribbons of material that are right behind the opening of the bag . We have 3 dogs and the hair , when picked up , gets caught in these ribbons and prevents the bag from filling fully . We get the largest ball of hair you will ever see stuck in the front of the bag . We know this is an issue when the vacuum bag indicator bar indicates the bag is `` full '' . We have to take the bag out and manually massage the hair towards the back of the bag . We can then use it again . Kind of an odd design , a tad gross , and it defeats the purpose of containment when we have to stick things in the opening of the bag to move the contents around . Perhaps the next one I put in I will cut a few of these ribbons to see if that helps . I would like to know the purpose of this design . With the cost of these bags , we want to ensure they are really full and not tossing out one that is mostly unused . On the `` up '' side , it 's good to know that we are picking up that much dog hair . ; -RRB-
 You will not receive what you ordered . I ordered this MIU thermometer after reading the good reviews but instead of getting this thermometer , I received a Chef 's instant read thermometer . After complaining with Amazon , they sent me a replacement but the replacement was the same Chef 's instant read thermometer . If you are expecting to receive the MIU thermometer , this is not where you will get it . Very disapppointing service from Amazon .
 I wish I had read all the comments before purchasing . I thought this would hold a high cake , but the description on Amazon failed to give all the dimensions . On the carrier , it states it will hold up to a `` 4 '' cake . This is because the base of the carrier is raised , limiting space inside . I am thinking of sending this back because I really wanted a carrier that would hold a tall cake . Amazon , please update your description .
 It 's a nice , big solid product , but 1 of the 3 latches was broken , which makes it likely that your cake will take a nose dive when you try to carry it somewhere . It 's a hassle to return something so big , so buyer beware .
 One of the three locking devices on my Wilton Cake Caddy broke off the very first time I used it -- and I mean the very first time . Very disappointed . Of course , the store I bought it from in now out of business . Anyone interested in a lightly-used broken cake caddy ?
 Recommended : No . The product is not very durableGood things : All in all , this caddy is great because it 's versatile . It 's huge and tall enough so a 12.5 '' round cake that 's about 5 inches high can fit in easily . The locking mechanism is also pretty neat . There 's 3 of them so it makes it very easy to carry without any fuss of the cake dropping on the floor . The handle of the carrier also gives a comfortable grip . Carrier is also see through so you 'll notice if the decorations have been messed up during the transporting process.NOT so Good things : NOT very durable . Locking mechanism that holds the base of the carrier may crack making it non portable.This product is susceptible to breakage perhaps because certain stores just have had these items on their shelf for a long time -- that 's only my assumption . Plastic should not crack unless it 's placed in extreme temperatures or is abused . Should the temperature in the fridge crack a plastic ? Very unlikely do n't you think?The price is also far cry compared to other products sold by discount stores -LRB- i.e Linens . . / WlMrt . Other carriers are sold from $ 4 - $ 9 . The height is good but it can be problematic when storing it in the fridge , but are n't all cakes difficult to store regardless?In terms of cleaning the base , you 'll need a brush to really get the bottom cleaned up .
 THIS CAKE CADDY WAS CHEAPLY MADE THE CLIPS BRAKE OFF SO EASLY I DO NOT RECOMEND ANY ONE TO BUY THIS
 When I first saw this product on the shelf I thought it was a winner for the price . When I checked it out I noticed that the base was broken so I asked for one that was not broken . Later on I found that the base was easily broken when it fell from three feet which could have damaged the side clamping function . Definitely the plastic base needs to be thicker .
 Sellers information indicates that clock Also comes with a New Cherry Wood base . However , the product information indicates that the base is sold seperatly.WHICH IS IT ?
 We use it once and it works fine . The 2nd time we use it it 's so hard to turn and maneuver that we eventually give up . I would not recommend this product .
 I 've used this a few times , trying a make some tomato sauce from my home grown tomatoes . But I have trouble with this - its cumbersome to balance on a bowl and turn the handle - the tomatoes seem to get stuck and I 'm hand pushing them under the blade . So , after all this wonderful fun , what do I have - tomato juice with seeds ! I gave up and put it away . If anyone knows what I am doing wrong - please help me . I used one a million years ago and really ca n't remember any problems or not being happy with the end product .
 Very disappointing product . Besides the fact that the disks are not very sharp , the unit is difficult to stabilize on any pot or bowl in our kitchen , making it difficult , if not downright dangerous , to use . it also was missing one of the three disks it was supposed to come with . We got two of one size , and one of another , and as luck would have it , the missing disk was the one we needed most . Any savings completely negated as it 's nearly unusuable .
 I absolutely loved this food mill until I tried to change the disk . Neither I nor my husband could get the disk back into the mill properly once I took it out to change disks . I finally pushed so hard the mill broke . Going to try the Oxo next .
 This is one of the most poorly-designed devices I have ever seen made for kitchen use . First off , it comes with no instructions whatsoever . As another user noted , inserting the blade is difficult and dangerous , because one has to push down on a very hard spring to insert the blade . One wrong move and it will pop up and hit you in the face . Even when put together , the blade is insanely difficult to turn , and I 'm a strong guy . It also feels unsafe using this device , because the blade is attached to the walls of the bowl by the underside of these tiny metal hooks , wobbles constantly , and feels like it could pop out at any second . I returned mine and am better off for it .
 Absolute rubbish.Cheap , inferior product , do n't waste your money.It does n't hold in place while you mill anything . This product isguarenteed to make you lose your temper .
 IT HAS NO DIRECTIONS TO PUT IT TOGETHER , IT 'S VERY DANGEROUS THE WAY YOU HAVE TO PUSH THE BLADE IN , IT HAS A SPRING ON IT YOU HAVE TO PUSH ON TO TO GET IT IN AND IF YOU DONT GET IT RIGHT YOU WILL CUT YOUR FINGER , LIKE I DID ! ONCE I GOT PAST THAT THE HANDLE FELL OFF WHILE I WAS USING IT . NOW , I CA N'T GET ANY INFO ON HOW TO GET MY MONEY BACK , I WROTE AMAZON AND MIU FRANCE WITH NO RESPONSE
 DO N'T BUY ! This product did not come with instructions . I cut a big gash out of my thumb while inserting the turning blade . You have to push down to pop the masher in and the sides will keep popping out and you have to push it back in and it snaps out with such force that it cut me bad a very deep cut I will have to go get stitches . Even when put together it did not work properly it was too hard to turn and it was easier for me to strain my potatoes through a mesh wire rice strainer than to use this piece of crap . It looks good to the eye all polished and shiny but it does not work at all and it not only cut me it scratched up my dining room table as the bottom is unfinished steel and left deep gnash lines from my putting it together on the table . I am going to contact the company and put in a claim - Amazon should not sell such an inferior dangerous product !
 We had the same experience as the person who mentioned that the discs were near impossible to insert and remove for arthritic hands . Neither my mother -LRB- with arthritis -RRB- nor my step-father -LRB- without arthritis -RRB- could properly insert the discs . Purchase the Oxo good-grips food mill instead ; it is extremely easy to switch discs , plus has rubber legs to grip the pot below the mill .
 MIU France Stainless Steel Tomato/Vegetable MillDisappointed as I thought I was buying a French made product . Product discription/information on the Amazon website does not disclose that it is actually made in China and with this product being advertised as `` MIU France Stainles Steel Tomato/Vegetable Mill '' , gives the impression it is a product made in France . I was after a quality product wanting either French or Italian made so was extremely disappointed as I could have purchased a Chinese made food mill in Australia a lot cheaper than what I ended up paying . The Mill itself is light but the gap along the underneath length of the handle is quite wide and it is very easy for your finger/s to slide into the gap , which can be quite dangerous . Not a fan of this style at all .
 MIU Stainless-Steel Tomato/Vegetable MillI bought this item hoping to strain tomatoes for sauce making and also for soups.The blade simply will not catch the food and push it through , be it tomatoes , potatoes or any other soft vegetables . The food will just spin forever and never get processed . A waste of $ 30 .
 Sadly avoid buying this product ! As per many companies choosing to ride their good name slowly disintegrating it through the cheapening of the materials and manufacturing practices . Selling still on the name and not on the quality . This product is extremely flimsy and the tolerances are so large that the mill fail to `` mill '' properly . Fool me onece Shame on you fool me twice ...
 This item was MADE IN CHINA . I was mislead to believe it was made in France . The handle bends and buckles when you use the mill . I do n't know how long this is going to last .
 recieved Mill and tryed to mill ripe peaches and the handle fell off right away and the mill coundnot push peaches thru large blade grater and just made a big mess do not buy !!!!!!!!
 Disapoionted in product . It apeared to not be in new condition as it had been opened before and there were no instructions or suggestion booklets . I sent an e-mail to Amazon but received no responce . Product difficult to put together and no suggestions booklets or company information -- just what was on the box . I did n't open the box until the day I needed the mill and did n't have time to go to the store and get one , so I used it . Next time I get anything from Amazon , I will open it right away , skip any comoplaint process and just reject anythig that is not acceptable and get it somewhere else . I 'm new to Amazon , but now am very leery .
 Inserting and removing a disk was almost impossible . I suspect it would be difficult for anyone with weak hands . There is no reason for the disks to be so difficult to manipulate . Our former mill , simply a smaller version of this , gave us absolutely no trouble . Had it for many decades ; finally , a part of it broke .
 I bought this to prepare baby food . After about a month , one of the tabs that holds the crank popped off so now it 's useless . I 've received no response to my inquiries from Amazon or MIU .
 this product was recommended to me by several people , so imagine my surprise when it failed to work at all ! i froze a summer 's worth of tomatoes , then at thanksgiving i thawed them with the intention of making tomato sauce . i put two completely thawed tomatoes in the mill , started cranking , and they immediately released their water into the pot . i ca n't make sauce out of water , so i kept cranking , hoping that eventually the pulp would make it 's way out . no joy . the pulp and the skin just kept spinning , and the skin got stuck in the holes and plugged the whole thing up . and that was using the plate with the largest holes . maybe it 's because the tomatoes were frozen ? anyway , i ended up just putting them in a blender skins and all . not ideal , but at least i have something to show for it . not sure if it is just this mill , or if all mills are ineffective .
 I have used this thing twice . It does n't work . It spins the food around and around , but only a minimal amound goes down in to the bowl . It is extremely hard to clean to . Other than that this does not function . MIU does not even bother to put their name on the mill . And , it is discontinued ...
 This product is not worth the money . The blades are wobbly and everything you try to chop ends up stuck in the blades . Its difficult to clean and does a poor job of chopping . Eventually I quit using it and ended up donating it to the Salvation Army .
 This MIU Stainless Steel Roller Chopper is a disaster of a kitchen device . The latch on the side easily comes loose and the internal metal washers come out ; getting them back in and aligned is nearly impossible . A waste of money . Robert
 the idea of the rolling mincer was good . In practice , I found it useless . Herbs must be bone dry or they get caught in the blades . Most important , it just does n't work that well - repeated passes over a bunch of parsley did almost nothing .
 I was excited to purchase this but frankly a knife and cutting board work just as well and are easier to clean !
 Ordered this so my wife could cut fresh herbs instead of fingertips . Used it once , and the herbs stick to the blades and it does n't save any time . Come to think if it , what 's so safe about this if you have to handle the blades to get your herbs out?It sits in the drawer taking up space while I cut the herbs .
 I have had this chair for 1 week and am very dissappointed in its quality and comfort . This chair is made in China , the assembly instructions were all pictorial and very difficult to understand . The manufacturing tolerences were very poor with over a half inch gap between the back of the chair and the seat . The bolt connecting the back rest to the main mechanism pulled out due to bad threading . -LRB- The bolt was supplied by the manufacturer -RRB- . The inserts that go in to the metal tubing fell out and were improperly installed by the manufacturer . The gliding mechanism has a clicking sound when used.Overall I would not recommend this product .
 I recently bought the Mac Motion Glider/Recliner with Ottoman . the Chair wassent and I had it assembled by a good friend . After he finished the assembly he told me the Nuts and Bolts were not the correct ones for my Chair and he thought the nuts and bolts would break away within a very short period . The bolts were supposed to be threaded about 1/2 '' at the end of the bolt , the bolts I received were threaded the whole length of the bolt . I tried to use the chair the first night and a flange broke off . I called the manufacturerand was told they do n't deal with the public and that I needed to Amazon.com I called I called amazon.com and the girl contacted the manufacturer herself and returned to ask me if I could purchase the neede nuts and bolts at a hardware store . Needless to say I could not find the same bolts that were made for the chair . Amazon is picking the chair up today about a month after I received the chair , but at least now it will be taken care of I will get a refund .
 I used this martini shaker once , rinsed it , but did not dry it . A couple of days later it had rust in the bottom . It is also very hard to open when cold .
 The inside of the top for this shaker has a thin metallic ridge that was full of charcoal-like powder with some larger chunks that were stuck in there ; perhaps it was polishing grit from the manufacturing process . It could n't be easily scraped out , though some did leach out into the liquid when it was used as a shaker . It was dangerously unsanitary -- who knows what was in that grit and getting into my drinks -- so I returned it .
 Purchased this item and ran it through the dishwasher prior to using it and the bottom of the shaker and the top of the cap both rusted .
 It is very difficult to close in order to shake , when I put liquid in it and tried to close it always spills
 The lid is hard to get off and it do n't shut all the way ! I was very disappointed ! Not worth the money
 Used it once and could not open it . Cheap product . Spend the extra money for a nicer shaker . The only good thing about this item was that it shipped fast .
 Be suprised if you can open the cocktail shaker . It is not commercial grade as with commercial grade you do not need a crow bar to open it .
 I was very excited to get this , my girlfriend was going out of town with the girls for a weekend , and I wanted her to have a good shaker to use so she did n't have to keep using cups and just pouring back and forth . She tried this shaker out as soon as we got it , and it leaked everywhere . At first she thought it was her doing , so she cleaned it up , and asked me to close it and shake it , same problem . It does n't matter how tight you hold down on this lid while you shake , or how lightly you shake , it leaks . Finally , she tried pouring her drinks into glasses ... and wonder of all wonders , it leaked then to ! It is completely unusable , we checked for product malfunctions -LRB- dents , etc -RRB- and found none . We asked other people to try shaking it , to make sure it was n't us , and it leaked no matter what you did . My recommendation ? Spend the money on a better shaker , this one is n't worth a couple of plastic cups and a little patience , let alone actual money .
 This cocktail shaker was very bad . The quality was horrible and it almost appeared to be corroded . It looked nothing like the picture listed . I should have figured that I was getting what I paid for as the price was much less than others I had seen . I promptly returned it and purchased a much nicer one elsewhere that was more pricey but looks much better . This was a gift for Christmas , but whether it was a gift or for personal use , I would have returned it . It was bad .
 First , the good
 By far the worst shaker I have ever used . The top is impossible to take off without spilling the drink everywhere . Feels cheap and flimsy . Waste of money . I 'm buying a replacement immediately . Please do not buy this -- it is worth paying an extra 10 dollars for a shaker that works
 Henckels should work at least like the rest . They do n't come apart . . so you can not clean between blades ... :-LRB- disapointing . . otherwise , they do work well , but this is a basic requirement for sheers . I should have read carefully I guess ...
 I ordered three shears from Amazon in 2010 . The one of the three shears TWO blue circular labels fell off within one month . I thought , well they can be the junk drawer scissors since I still have two more . The other two I use for salads , cutting cooked and raw chicken and meat . After two years of use and using the top rack with the dishwasher the whole time I am noticing rusting on the blades . The other night my husband cut up his salad and almost choked on a blue circular label as it fell off a 2nd set into his salad ! I contact JA Henckels directly using their `` contact us '' page three weeks ago with no response . I tried to call them and they have an automated system that says to mail defective items in for replacements . Well what am I suppose to do in the meantime ? Wait 6 weeks with no shears that I use EVERYDAY ?! Overall the blades are still sharp and cut well but ALL THREE look like junk drawer scissors after only two years of use . I am going with another brand here on amazon . In the meantime I will ship off my three sets and see if they consider returning new sets to me . I have a photo that I will upload to the product page so you can all see what I mean .
 for $ 2 less , you can get the GOOD German Zwillings . They do not come with a block , but there is a tremendous difference between the 2 . I accidentally ordered this , and soon as I opened the package and handled the knives - even before I saw they were Vietnamese , I was not impressed . They handle nicely , but do yourself a favor and when looking for ANYTHING Henckel , look for the ZWILLINGS with the twins stamped into the blade , handle - whatever .
 I purchased this item because of the reviews . I should have returned it , but loved the wooden holder and put my own knives in it . The knives are dangerous ... thin , bend , extremely sharp . I wish the knives where safe since the color coding was a great advantage .
 The most expensive whisk i have ever bought and the shortest lived ... the retractable chord might be nice and convenient but really that does not help me mix a cake.It is very disappointing as this is a company i believed in and i thought made good products . Something ` snapped ' inside my whisk after very little use . It still goes round but without much power and should certainly not be used without appropriate ear protection.As a company they have a ` Customer Service ' department but i am puzzled as to where or what the service part of that is . I am so puzzled in fact that i have actually been prompted to write this , my first product review ever ! The response i from Dualit got was a copy and paste job -LRB- the font and spacing gave it away -RRB- , presumably from some generic terms and conditions , simply highlighting the fact that they do not care about their customers or their faulty products.It looks flash in the kitchen for sure and perhaps i just got unlucky and got the one that was made on a Friday afternoon . I am now on the market for a new whisk but i know that it will not be a Dualit .
 This is an overpriced piece of junk ! I bought my first Dualit mixer in May 2011 . I am not a professional baker , just a home baker who uses a mixer 1-2x per month and was looking for something that might last ... thinking I 'd get what I paid for . First I was disappointed that the `` chrome '' was actually plastic , but I can overlook that . Less than a month later , the beaters locked up and the mixer died . Amazon issued the exact replacement . 6 months later , the same thing happened . Now I 'm past the 1 month return period , though the mixer has a 1 yr limited warranty , and I must deal with Dualit ... not looking forward to that . Save your money ... this is not a `` professional '' , nor professional grade mixer by any means . I 've had better runs from $ 20 mixers . Read the recent Dualit reviews ... all of their mixers are failing for the same reason .
 I was originally excited to get the Dulit mixer , however just 3 years on it is broken . The plastic drive gears to the mixer failed prematurely and there is no way to have it repaired . It would be hard to say how many times I used it , but it is fair to say many time less than 100 as we hardly bake anything or need a mixer.I am going to get a different brand this time around .
 This hand mixer was not advertised correctly . I was looking for a high power hand mixer so I jumped when I saw that this mixer had a 300 watt motor . When it arrived and I opened the box , I saw that the motor was actually only 240 watts . I requested to return it as I felt paying $ 79.95 was more than I wanted to pay for a 240 watt hand mixer . It does appear to be a quality hand mixer , just I wanted more power than that .
 This was purchased for me as a gift last Christmas . After only the third use , the beaters started hitting each other -LRB- they somehow managed to get out of alignment or something -RRB- . I was mixing a cake batter , so nothing exceptionally stiff or that should have taxed the mixer . Through my own fault , it took me a while to contact the Dualit customer service - it has a one year warranty - and I only use the hand mixer occasionally . So , I returned the mixer to their US Service center in New Jersey . After about a month , I was sent a replacement , which was obviously used -LRB- chrome was scratched , dirty , electric cord was worn -RRB- . I was irritated that I was sent something so obviously used when what I had sent to them a perfectly brand new looking mixer - but I was willing to accept that if it worked . I plugged it in and turned it on to verify that it was indeed working and it was . The beaters did not strike each other.I pulled it out to use it to make my Thanksgiving pies - and it would n't even turn on!So , I 've tried once again to contact Dualit customer service and have gotten zero response from them.I definitely will not be purchasing any Dualit products if this is the kind of `` warranty '' and service they have on their products.I 'll go back to using a cheap hand mixer and using my big Kitchenaid for the tougher mixing projects.Not worth the money or the aggravation of dealing with the manufacturer .
 I have always loved how fast I get things from Amazon , and that everything is exactly how it is described . I bought this hand mixer for my Mom for mother 's day . She had been going through a string of cheap mixers , and I thought that this heavy duty one would do the trick . One of the things that really sold me was the fact that it clearly states its 300w . Upon opening the package today right on the front it says 240w ! This is not what I ordered nor is it what I want . I am disgusted . It should have clearly said it was 240W ! Mother 's Day is just around the corner , and now I dont know what to do . I hate that I am put in this position .
 This Item was listed at 300 watts . When I received it , on the box , it had a sticker saying it was only 240 watts . I feel that this is a fraud . Jerry
 This was my most expensive hand mixer and the shortest lived ! I have not even had it a couple of months and the motor burned out . I was whipping butter and noticed the smell then little black shavings flew into my bowl then it died ! I am SHOCKED , I really had high expectations from this product.Very disappointed .
 I was recently using the dualit and thinking -- as I was using it -- that I should go online and give it a positive review ... a few minutes later -LRB- literally !!! -RRB- it seized and stopped working ! I was just online right now to see about returning it , and so decided to write a review at the same time . Before that it was working great and I had no complaints . I should say that at almost the same time that I got this , I also got a VIKING stand mixer , which I 've been using for all heavy mixing and much of my regular mixing , so the Dualit got lighter use than it otherwise would have ... used primarily for things like whipping cream and some cookie batter type things . It seems like the place where the beaters are held are now misaligned and there is not any real power to turn them -- they will spin if in the air , but stop as soon as they get into a bowl with anything in it ... and alo appears that the two beaters get caught on each other and then stop turning altogether ... It was a more expensive beater than most and , although I would n't expect it to last forever , I certainly would expect more than 6 months!Will see if Amazon will refund ... have n't finished looking into it . Sorry , ca n't recommend !
 I waited for a long time after buying this product so that I could test it before writing a review . Every other mixer I purchased burned out after a year or so . I 'm not sure how long I have had this one , maybe a year or two . This one also burned out . I was hoping that since it claimed to be `` Professional '' that is would be made with better parts etc. . That is not the case . As far as I am concerned , it did no better than than any other mixer on the market . I would not recommend this mixer unless you use it for nothing more than whipping cream .
 I spent weeks researching hand mixers comparing speed and country of origin . Several reviews I read elsewhere on the web raved that this item was made in Great Britain . WRONG - Made in China!On the first use , the cord would not retract . The chemical smell was overpowering as the mixer ran . So overpowering that I became lightheaded and ill . Yes , I am chemically sensitive but the smell still lingers in the house.The `` chrome finish '' is plastic . It 's all plastic except for the beaters.VERY DISAPPOINTED and especially at the price . I expected more , much more for the price than what I got .
 GERMAN QUALITY NOT ! The handle is too small . I am no rocket scientist so they will work . You get what you pay for . These are not a special deal by no means .
 These knives do n't have an edge . They have serrations . They are more suited to cutting rope than a steak .
 I was excited to see this knife set , after we purchased the J.A. Henckels Couteau Series 10-piece Forged Knife Set -LRB- from Costco -RRB- , and there were no steak knives in the set . When they came , I was very disappointed . the knives are flimsy - they do n't cut meat , they shred it . The knives themselves are so lightweight , they feel very unsecure when you hold them.It 's time to remember , you get what you pay for - do n't be fooled into thinking this is a good deal - put out the extra money and get a real set .
 I was sent these knives apparently by mistake , as I had ordered the Henckels 8-piece stainless steel set at the same price . I considered keeping them , but decided not to because the knives were very light weight , and the handles were very narrow . You almost felt as though you may snap them if you actually attempted to cut with them . I believe that a steak knife should have some heft , and these definately do n't have it . The eversharp blades also scream chintzy to me , they just do n't have the bite I was looking for .
 It may be Henckels , but they are cheap and they rust . Save up for a couple of higher end Henckels that will last . And do n't put them in the dishwasher !
 I got mine for like 15 bucks at the store . . so this isnt a great deal . As for the performance , these knives are horrible . Very fine serrations cause the meat fiber to gum up the blade . Even if you arent `` cutting '' something as gummy as meat fiber , you still feel like you are ripping through the food rather then cutting it . Overall , Id say stay away . Im getting rid of mine
 The International Eversharp line is Henckels low-end , stamped stainless line . It is not carbon steel . It is not hand-forged . It does not compare to the other Henckels lines which are . You get what you pay for . These are cheap knives.This is the first time I have seen a set of Henckels knives which could go in the dishwasher ... but , that 's because on this line , you do not get Henckels lifetime warranty -LRB- which is voided by dishwasher use -RRB- .
 I felt this product did not look anything like the image when I received it . I suppose I should have read the description better . The plate I received was glass with etchings of the design . I was expecting a black , white , and gold plate that looked similar to the image . Very disappointing .
 I was happy for as long as it was working for a month and a half . What was so funny about it is that I was going to buy another one for MOM yesterday but while boiling water for tea , the pot was leaking . That was the end of my once loved kettle . No wonder it is a discontinued product !
 It looked great on paper and I had become used to these cordless kettles in Europe where they are a feature in most upscale hotel rooms.Generally , I have trusted Philips appliances but this proved a disappointment . Only eight months old it crapped out and a call to the only `` nearby '' Philips office in Canada was n't much help . I 'm still waiting for a return authorization , While it worked it was fine but it 's somewhat fragile and there are no trouble-shooting hints in the instruction manual.I really love the idea but will purchase from another manufacturer .
 Ok ... so I purchased for Halloween and it looked great ; however , once the lanterns are placed on the `` branches '' , the thing is lopsided and falls over . I had to stabilize with bricks as you can not tighten any of the posts to avoid it from tipping over . I even took the bottom cover off to try and get the thing to tighten and no luck . The little doors on the lanterns do n't stay closed and the finish comes off on everything !! If it was n't such a pain to put back in the box and too expensive to ship back , that I just trashed the whole thing . Do n't waste your money !!
 My daughter bought me the Connoisseur Corkscrew as a gift last year and it never worked properly . I did n't want to tell her because it would cause her trouble to return it , etc. , but as it sits in my drawer and takes up space , and I do n't use it , I decided maybe I should contact the manufacturer and get another one that works!Can you help me ? Thank you.Judy Tullo
 The MIU France Stainless Steel Magnetic Knife Holder does not have the magnetic hold that I have used before . The strip has a varying magnetic hold and the knives have to be placed in specific spots or it will not hold the knife and it will drop , possibly damaging the knife or counter . Check out another product if you are looking for a magnetic knife holder .
 magnet in bar does not have adequet strength to hold knives sescurely . They tend to slide .
 BUYER BEWARE ! I bought this for my client as a gift for the holidays & had I received an authentic MIU magnet bar ... which is what I THOUGHT I ordered , I would have been able to provide an accurate review . Anyhow , the magnet bar I received was in a plain wrap box . NO MIU logo anywhere & get this ... since I knew it was supposed to be made in France , I scoured the box to see if there was any indication of its orgin , and found a tiny sticker on the box that read , MADE IN CHINA!Despite the misrepresentation , the magnet bar was really heavy and it APPEARED to be of good quality , but I 'd rather have the brand that is synonymous with quality , then to settle for something that may be less than mediocre . If this was n't a gift and I did n't have to deal with holiday crunch time , this baby would have been returned . Also had me wondering if all these folks that left positive reviews received the same item that was sent to me . If so , I 'm surprised nobody noticed . Should of just went to Williams-Sonoma .
 I bought this based on the reviews . After mounting on my wall , my knives just slid off . This is not a safe way to store knives . I recommend taking your chance with a different product .
 I got screwed by Amazon and this french company . we got the knife holder nd went on a work trip . When I came back I found out some parts were missing . NO WAY TO CONTACT AMAZON OR MIU !!!! And my woindow of returns is gone . AMAZON 's a-z policy is not really that at all.Now I have wasted money and still no knife holder.MIU France 15-Inch Stainless Steel Magnetic Knife HolderTERRIBLE EXPERIENCETERRIBLE PRODUCTJUST PLAIN TERRIBLE
 I have two other MUI knife holders and they are great . I ordered a 3rd and it had a very weak magnetic spot about a couple of inches wide . I returned it and ordered a replacement . The replacement is worse than the one I returned ! It has 2 very weak spots located on either end . One of the spots seems like one of the magnets is polarity reversed since my test tool -LRB- screwdriver -RRB- is actually repelled and drawn to the side so it is n't even vertical . This is really disgusting quality control.You can get good products made in China but the manufacturer has to constantly monitor what they are making . MIU has stopped doing this , I guess.At this point I will have to go back to what I consider to be the # 2 magnetic knife rack - Chicago CutleryChicago Cutlery 1063947 Magnetic Knife Storage Strip . I have two of these Chicagos . The Norpro looks identical except for length so I might try the Norpro to get a longer length.Norpro 18 Inch Aluminum Magnetic Knife Bar . Both are much cheaper than the MIU also.Update 06-26-11
 Sure , it looks reasonably nice , but it does n't seem like it 's very well designed . The edge that the knives rest on is metal and rough enough that I suspect it will have the potential to damage knives over time . Also , the mounting screws are in the center of the rack so the whole rack tends to rock slightly as you pull knives off of it .
 I bought this because I have a really small kitchen and the knife block that I had was taking up wayyy too much valuable real estate on the counter top . That said , I chose this one because it got rave reviews . I disagree . I could have spent less and gotten the same result . It looks ok except for the huge dent on one side . The packaging it came in tells me it was either damaged in the warehouse or in transit -LRB- although it was packed pretty well in Amazon 's box -RRB- . It DOES NOT COME WITH THE MOUNTING HARDWARE as stated . It 's a good thing hubby is handy . It seems to hold my knives pretty well , they slide down a little ... Overall it 's fair to say that I am kind of disappointed in this thing . You can get a product that will do the job just as well for less .
 When knives are stored on this rack , the blade of the knife rests directly perpendicular to the stainless steel frame of the knife rack . When the user wants to store it or remove it from the rack , it is very difficult to do so without letting the edge of the knife hit the stainless steel frame . I have good , expensive knives , which I want to keep for my lifetime , and I never let them hit metal . And now with this rack it is nearly impossible to put the knife onto the rack , or remove it from the rack without letting the blade come into contact with the stainless steel . The only way to do it is to put the spine of the knife against the rack , and then slowly rotate the knife until it is resting flat against the magnet . When removing the knife , the reverse of the process must be done . If they had put a slim strip of rubber all the way around the perimeter -LRB- similar knife magnets have this -RRB- , it would prevent the blade from touching the rack , thereby protecting the knives . I find it amazing that this model is reviewed so highly , because this is a problem that everyone has to encounter .
 The product has a very sleek look . 12 inches of the bar work perfectly , even strong enough to hold my 9 '' sharpening steel . The 3 inches on one side of the bar are not strong enough to hold a paring knife .
 I purchased two of the 15 '' blocks in November 2012 . Both were returned.Finish quality problems
 As others have mentioned , the magnet in this holder is incredibly strong and would -LRB- I imagine -RRB- provide years of service ; however , the frame and mounting hardware are not of a corresponding quality . I attempted to install this using the provided drywall screws and had just decided to find alternate -LRB- better -RRB- hardware when I accidentally knocked the bar from a shelf to the counter -- a distance of less than a foot . That short fall damaged the bar beyond repair . The front grid bent in several places and due to the extremely soft nature of the material , I was unable to reshape it adequately enough to refit it to the bar . Based on the other reviews and the quality of the magnet , I 'd guess this is a great piece that performs as expected ... just treat it very , very carefully when installing and definitely avoid the included mounting hardware .
 I suppose I should have checked this information before purchasing the item , but once I got it , I realized just how heavy it is - too heavy to install in my apartment . The magnets are fairly powerful , though .
 it was just what I wanted but it would be nice if you included directions telling someone the ends pop off for mounting
 I really like this product but the bad thing is that it has a magnet gap right in the middle and therefore it is not safe to put knifes there . the 15 ' holder has the weakness at the ends . but i need one so i am keeping the 15 ' one . someone else suggested getting the one from IKEA , i will look into it . i returned this product .
 This magnetic knife holder holds all of my knives , but as the other reviews have said , it does n't hold them well . The magnet is recessed in the holder itself so that only the edges touch the knife . The middle of the magnet is stronger than the sides , so I have found that I have to place my chef knives in the middle and my pairing knives on the side , handles up of course to help provide them from slipping off . . I am not impressed at all . I wish I would n't have waited so long to hang the magnetic holder so that I could return it for a better option . This will be coming down out of the kitchen and going into the bar to hold a pairing knife and bottle opener . I can not imagine having a $ 400 knife slip off the magnet . . I do n't trust this magnetic holder .
 I read the reviews so I was expecting a solid product . Instead , I may have simply gotten a defective unit but I am not ordering another as a replacement to find out . The highly reflective metallic front does n't show in the stock photo but does show in customer photos and mine was slightly warped . Be careful , the face by be easily scratched by metal.The biggest issue was that knives did not hold with the same force along the entire magnet . I got stronger holds toward the middle while there was an area on the left half that actually repulsed the knife -LRB- I do n't know know how this is assembled , it 's almost like two of the same magnet ends -LRB- North or South -RRB- were put together in that area -RRB- . Removing and replacing them made the other 5 knives slip just a little bit each time . I bought the Chicago Cutlery ones a couple of years ago and will stick with that . If anyone had any idea what was wrong with the knife bar , please add ! Thanks !
 This knife rack is not for the serious cooks with good equipment . The knives rest directly in the metal and every time you put your knife on this rack , if you are not careful , you can damage your knives . If you are just a regular , cook at home person with walmart knives , this is perfect.As far as the construction , I ca n't complain much . It 's unuasally heavy and hard to mount . The mounting hardware is very cheap . Also found it very hard to level out due to the weight and garbage hardware.Again I say if you are the run of the mill at home cook , this will do the job for you . If you are serious about cooking , DO NOT buy this . Spend the extra money and get something that wo n't ruin your beloved knives .
 The item I received was clearly used . The box was not sealed -LRB- the item box , not the shipping box -RRB- and the Styrofoam was damaged . The reflective face was dented in several places and was warped on one end . One side of the holder was nicked/pitted and looked like knives had already been used , at least several times.Aside from the fact that it looks used , I am also not pleased with the product itself . Within the gaps between the reflective face and the edge I can see what looks like adhesive sticking out . The reflective finish shows fingerprints with the lightest touch . The bar should mount using 4 screws instead of just two on either side in the middle.I had high hopes for this product based on the reviews , but I am certainly not satisfied .
 I purchased this magnetic knife holder to use with my newKai Pure Komachi 2 8-Piece Knife Set . I had gingerly placed the knives on while it was on my counter and when I took them off , most had grey scratches on the colored blades . The part that comes in contact with the knives is very thin , and not at all smooth metal . Will be returning it and purchasing one that does n't ugly up my knives . I gave it two stars instead of just one because it does really hold them well , not necessary for me since all mine are light but if you have heavy knives they will not fall off the wall with this .
 This came with no directions , and while most people could hang this without thinking , it was a bit confusing . It is very heavy as well , and looks rather cheap .
 I purchased two of the 15 '' blocks in November 2012 . Both were returned.Finish quality problems
 You can not program this monitor with your age , weight . etc. so it has little function except to tell you to `` Increase your workout . '' It can not be returned without its original packaging -- that nasty plastic that you have to shred to open it in the first of money .
 Do not buy this product . It has a very strong musty smell that you can not get out . I had to throw it out . It is a waste of your money .
 Delivery was very quick . But when it came , it was very smelly . Smelt like mold and meldew . When you opened it , it had white specks all over it that could brush right off , but the stench was totally unbearable ! I contacted the company , they sent another one , with return postage for the first one . Second one was the same ! They credited my account for the purchase amount but not the postage ! The box itself is very pretty and just what I wanted , but can use it because of the stench !!!!!
 The first box I received had mold in it and smelled bad . The seller quickly sent a second box . It was even worse . Seller told me they had no way to check condition before shipping . They refunded the cost . I was sorry there was no way to work this out because the box would be very nice if it were n't for the mold .
 The ring box had a very foul smell to it for which it did not go away . I aired it out for weeks in our three season room which it was exposed to no heat , etc. just cold air and the smell did not go away . I was very dissatisfied .
 I also threw my box out because of the mildew smell . I thought it would go away - I really loved this box , but smell never went away and I could n't stand it any longer . Unfortunate .
 Although the description clearly states that this is for a `` set of 6 '' , I received only one jar . It is a nice jar but it misses the other five members of it 's family .
 Half gallon canning jars are not an easy item to find locally . I had no choice but to consider an online purchase.I 've ordered from several reputable companies handling products in glass containers with no problems . I figured a big name outfit like Amazon or Ball Mason Jars would have the ability to ship EMPTY glass jars with some degree of success.I WAS WRONG!Some very simple and inexpensive reinforcement of the package containing only Two Cases of Six Half Gallon Mason Jars and all Twelve Jars might have survived . Instead Three of the corner jars were broken.Amazon might have a really easy return policy but the USPS wo n't ship damaged packages . So I would have to repackage the broken glass into a new and more substantial box at my own personal expense just to return the damaged goods.Totally unacceptable from my viewpoint.I 've filed a packaging feedback report with a photo several days ago and still waiting to receive so much as an email acknowledging my complaint.There is no phone number to call . There is no complaint department . You 're at the mercy of an automated system that must get the attention of a human worker . This is a frustrating situation and the only time Amazon has dropped the ball , but they seemed to have lost the ball too.Caveat Emptor !
 i have still not received product , 4 days late . am really getting dissappointed here . WHERE IS MY CANNING JARS PEOPLE .
 I 'm a little frustrated on this purchase . I wanted a food chopper , and settled on this one , thinking it would be better quality -LRB- and not made in China -RRB- than a lot of similar models available from competitors . What I received was a generic chopper in a generic box that just says `` Chopper '' on it with no instructions , and it is made in China . The picture is the same as shown on Amazon , but there is NO reference to MIU France ANYWHERE on the box or item itself.The chopper itself seems to perform okay . I 've used it a few times thus far . It is a little hard to clean and some of the plastic pieces worry me as far as their quality . I was hoping for something better than my mother 's Zyliss chopper that I loved when I was living closer to home , but knowing what I know , I would not have purchased this model . I bet you can find a similar model on Amazon -LRB- or elsewhere -RRB- for probably $ 10 cheaper . I 'm a little disappointed that Amazon was n't more forward and honest with their marketing practices . When you buy an item that says it 's from `` MIU France '' and spend higher money for it , you expect an item from `` MIU France '' to be shipped to you , not some cheap knock-off that probably sells for $ 10 less.The stainless steel portion does look very nice -LRB- again , it is the same as in the picture -RRB- , but the flimsy plastic pieces irritate me , and I 'm sure that I will get a lot less life out of this machine than my mother did from her trusty Zyliss .
 This item is attractive and chops very well . However , mine stopped spinning between chops after about 2 weeks . Now I have to manually spin it after every chop.As the other reviewers said , it is a pain to put back together . I almost always have to ask my husband to do it .
 This chopper looked like the perfect tool , but I never could get it to work right . Food jammed in the cutters , it did n't cut/chop cleanly all the way through the food , like onions . Not so easy to take apart and clean , or put back together . Could 've been just me , but was n't too happy .
 I received this as a gift last year -LRB- after putting it on my wish list -RRB- and used it a couple of times . To clean it , you undo the few parts that it has and put it in the dishwasher , which is great . But , the main housing has a black plastic part that fits over the zig-zag blade and has to be in place for the chopping to work . Well , I can no longer get that black part to fit over the blades . I tried for about 10 minutes tonight and finally threw the damn thing in the garbage . So frustrating . Either the blades bent or the plastic thing changed shape a bit - it has to fit the zig-zag of the blades just perfectly in order to work . I give up .
 The handle you depress to push down the chopping mechanism is built in two parts . Mine has come apart and I can not figure out how to get the parts back together . This makes my chopping frustrating when it usually is one of the more fun parts to cooking . -LRB- for me anyway -RRB- This is disappointing , but you get what you pay for . That lesson is coming back to haunt me time and time again .
 These are nice knives but the handles are far too small and thin for the average person . I have medium sized hands and these handled are uncomfortable to hold and cut with . Handle thickness is about twice the width of the blade ... that 's pretty thin.I own a 10 pc Henckels Twin Select set I love , it has perfect ergonomics and balance . Maybe I am holding the company to too high a standard for a $ 40 set , but hey , they set the bar .
 These are all show and no go !!! The butter knife in flatware set cuts a steak easier then these . Even the 29.99 price is high cause these could be had in a dept store for cheaper .
 These were sent instead of the black-handled set I ordered so I thought I would give them a try . They are listed as `` dishwasher safe '' , but evidently are not . Brown stains -LRB- rust ? -RRB- appeared on the tops of all the handles . I cleaned them with silver polish , but the stains reappeared with subsequent washings . I have returned them and received a refund .
 These knives look great , but are too small in the hand and have a poor serration design . I eat a lot of steak and I am a professional chef . The knives will actually start to hurt your hand when eating a rare ribeye steak .
 I purchased this because it was on sale and it said `` nonstick '' which is very important when working with dough . However , all it does is stick ! I did n't like it at all and even though it was cheap I 'm thinking about returning it ...
 Beware ... I have washed and greased the brand new cookie sheet five -LRB- 5 -RRB- times or more , and black still keeps appearing on paper towel that rubbed Crisco on pan . This is a chemical that is in the cookie sheet that I suspect could n't be safe . T FAL will not refund you your money back . When asked , they said it was made in China , of course . They say they are no longer making cookie sheets . My 15-20 yr old Wearever Airbake was made in Wisconsin , and it was great . : - -LRB-
 I have two of these baking sheets , a jelly roll pan , and a cake pan . They were great for awhile . But after a few years of use they have started leaving flakes of metal in the food ! After baking cookies , imagine my embarrassment when one of my guests noticed flecks of silver on the bottoms of the cookies ! I checked my pans but ca n't see anything flaking off . Nevertheless , all four of these pans do indeed leave pieces of metal in the food . They still look like new so I ca n't quite figure it out . It must be when they reach baking temperature that this happens . The scary thing is that I have no idea how long we 've been eating the bits of metal ! I have been feeding food to all of my little kids from these pans for years !
 This product worked pretty well for its size for the first couple months . Then I put it away for winter and when I took it out again , it would n't turn back on .
 We bought two . One works okay ; the other one never worked . We bought at the end of a season , used one once , the other stayed in its original package over the summer , but has never worked since we opened it . The fan barely turns.A good size , but poor construction .
 I bought this product to use in my car . I tried it in the car , it eventually killed my battery . I then tried it in a small room in my cellar where the sump pump is , days later it accumulated not even a drop . If asked I would recommend this product .
 UPDATE
 This dehumidifier is about the size of a 2L soda bottle . The amazon info says it will remove 16 ounces of water a day . I have it in a warm , very humid bathroom with a sweating water tank and toilet tank , and it only removes 3 or 4 ounces/day . The packaging it comes in says that it is only for cars , pantries , and kitchen cabinets . I 'll probably move it under the kitchen sink where I 've got just a short section of sweating pipes . Hopefully it can keep up!The item description also says free ground shipping , but I was charged $ 4 + change for shipping .
 I set it up in a rather small room , which had plenty of humidity . After two straight days of running , it had barely collected a few drops of water . IT did not change the relative humidity of the room by even 1 % . I tried two other units of the same model and found that they collected just as little water from the air . I can think of no use for this product besides to waste electricity and take up space .
 This product is not worth a dime . I bought it for some lightweight cleaning in my 3 room apartment . After the first use it showed as a very poor performer . The hose comes detached often , it does not secure in place with a twist , clip or anything . The filter started breaking down after a week and the vacuum started letting out clouds of white dust coating everything . I have cleaned all user accessible parts and replaced the filter but it still doesnt work properly . I will never buy another Eureka , ever .
 This image is not of the Berkeley Highball glass , but the Berkeley Water goblet and white wine glass .
 I ordered this in mid-December , and now the carafe is broken on Feb. 17th . I used it two or three times per week . But today it broke for no apparent reason . I poured in the hot water , and after 10 minutes pushed the plunger down . 5 minutes after that , I poured myself a cup . Then , about two minutes after I set the press back down on my desk the carafe cracked down the middle and coffee started pouring all over my desk . This is a poorly made carafe .
 Picture shows 4 glasses which seems to be different size . Is very missleading and the price does not specify if it is for one glass or for the 4-piece set shown in the add .
 This time it was just two months past purchase . Going with stainless steel press - costly , but will never break . I guess will be cheaper in the long run considering will never need to replace broken press .
 When the batteries -LRB- two inside of each cube -RRB- are depleted what to do with the cubes ? It 's impossible to remove the batteries ; they seem to be sealed into the cube because no liquid should be mixed with the batteries.I do n't want to throw them into the trash either . Ca n't put them into the recycling bin . Maybe take them to the hazardous waste collection ?
 Be careful when you order from this company . I ordered a cleaver , paid it online , but I never received the order . I followed it up with them but all they did was tell me to follow it up with the post office . Whaaat ? Do n't even think twice . Just order from a reputable company that assures you you receive your order .
 Terrible set . For the price you would expect it to , at least , not rust . Unfortunately , this set rusted the first time I put it in the dishwasher . Very disappointed . Cutting was inefficient at best .
 As soon as I started washing these knives in the dishwasher , they began to rust . Not to mention , I could n't cut through a carrot without pushing down as hard as I could . Purchased at Kohl 's so I 'm thankful they have a 365 day return policy .
 I received these as a gift . My old set of Chicago Cutlery knives is 30 years old and when I sharpen them they do not get as sharp as they used to . A relative thought the Everedge would solve my problem . They are awful . When cutting raw meat , the meat gets bunched up and accumulates on the serration . You actually have to saw it . It takes double or triple the time to cut anything as it did with my old knives . Forget about dicing an onion . The knife drags and again you have to saw it . I feel it is dangerous because it is like using extremely dull knives . The only things I have found these knives good for cutting are cooked potatoes or raw tomatoes . They are all serrated . Needless to say I have reverted back to my old Chicago Cutlery set . Even though they are not at their sharpest they cut better than this set . I purchased a Rada set for my daughter -LRB- made in usa -RRB- and they are beautiful knives and cut everything like butter and they were very affordable . I will be purchasing Rada for myself next time .
 I purchased this set from a now defunct seller . I had a GREAT experience with a set of dusty rose colored handle J.A. Henckels knife set 20 years ago . Unfortunately , some of the knives from that set disappeared , so I decided to replace my old set w/a a more modern , new black/stainless steel look . Bad choice , these rusted almost immediately . My previous dusty rose set was washed in the dishwasher and after 20 years , still have not rusted and are sharp and sturdy . I am very disappointed in this new modern set . They still handle well , cut , but I am constantly -LRB- even with handwashing -RRB- trying to remove rust stains . Thankfully , I still have a few of my old dusty rose set !
 I purchased these because I was familiar with J.A. Henckels and associated the name with quality . I figured that might hold true even with these inexpensive knives . Unfortunately , in this case , inexpensive truly was cheap . These knives are garbage . Rust started appearing almost immediately . The blades are stamped , not forged , and show imperfections out of the box . There are chips and bent areas near the point of the blade and the machining marks to make the `` everedge '' look very crude . I may be wrong , but I associate the low quality with these being manufactured in China rather than Germany . These no longer come out of the block and may soon simply go into the trash . I 've gone back to my Cuisinart set of blades that is FAR superior in quality and craftsmanship . I 'll keep my eyes open for genuinely quality knives made in Solingen .
 I have had this knife set for almost 3 years , and have been mostly pleased with their performance . I do n't like that they 're all serrated , but in general they worked pretty well . Unfortunately , the tips are now all bent and the tip of the paring knife has completely broken off . Knives ought to last for more than 3 years . These are obviously poorly made . Your money would be better spent elsewhere .
 I bought this knive set as a Christmas gift for my sister . When I got the knives it said on the box that they might not be suitable for left-handed people . She is left-handed and says they feel a little awkward . They are nice knives though for right-handed people .
 They rusted in a month or so , I sent them back , and they replaced them with an identical set , which again rusted in a month or so . I 'm so frusterated , I think I 'll go with ceramic knives this time . Maybe Kruger
 Nice looking set . I 've never owned a set of knives that cut as poorly as these -LRB- at any price -RRB- . The knives tear food and do not make a clean cut .
 This is the worst knife set ever . The handles of the knives feel decent but the serrated blades do n't cut well . It tends to shred instead . Like the other reviewers stated , my set also began to develop rust spots on several of the knives within the 1st month ! My other knives ... some also higher-end knives from Henckels ... have never rusted and I care for all of them the same way . The best thing about this knife set is probably the metallic coated block that the knives are stored in . The knives themselves are totally lacking quality and they definitely give Henckels a bad reputation .
 I was lusting after this set of knives for my kitchen for the longest time , but after getting them as a gift and using them for about a year have found them to be not very good at all . The grip handles are great , but the blades are strangely perforated and they have all rusted ! It says they are made of stainless steel , so why are they rusting ? I was shocked to see this low level of qaulity from a company like Henckles . I really do n't recommend this product .
 I bought this set almost two years ago . It 's true that the knives cut sort of `` funny '' . Not a real clean cut . But the kicker is , I was chopping a red pepper for some chili , and the chef 's knife snapped in half ! It was not under much force , and in fact the knife was barely used . These are not good knives .
 On the first day of use , we managed to get rust spots on a couple of the knives . ON THE FIRST DAY ! It was a wedding present so I could n't return it . It was a huge disappointment because they really did look nice in the box.Oh and they cut fine .
 These knives are garbage . Each knife is serrated so it cuts everything like a loaf a bread . I 'm surprised Henckels puts it 's name on this set . Spend a few more dollars and buy a respectable set .
 This set is not only lacking the sharpness needed in cutting and dicing but it cointains nothing but serrated knives , why ? That can be dangerous , I tell you from experience.I wanted to give them away to someone I know , but I do n't think they deserve such a bad knife set . By the way , MADE IN CHINA .
 I have owned these knives for over a year and i love the way they look on my counter . However they dont cut very well at all ... i find myself using kitchen shears that I purchased in the dollar store to be working much better . Great for decor but bad for the person who actually cooks in their kitchen .
 Rust spots starting appearing on the blades w/in the first month of use - not good . The knives work fine but who wants rust in their food ?
 Lets just say that they are the worse knives that i have ever bought , and i am embarrised because i sent these as a gift.They are rated ONE by me , No good ,
 This is clearly a case of getring what you pay for . I 'm not a professional chef , but my wife and I enjoy cooking . I 'm not good at sharpening knives and thought that this would be a good option for our needs . The knives feel and look cheap . The edge cuts well , but tends to be a bit grabby with certain substances like chicken breast or fibrous foods . Most disapppointing though is the spotting that 's developed with washing . Yes , we put them in the dishwasher . At this price I 'm not too concerned with the longevity of the product , but I expected them to last a bit longer the a month . They still cut well , they just do n't look so hot .
 Do not buy this set . Henckels should be embarrassed for having their name associated with this garbage . I 've had this set for about a month and it is anything BUT stainless . You would think the knives are made of iron , they rust so much . Complete waste of money . Knives ca n't be sharpened ; they 're all serrated . This is especially bad for the chef 's knife . These are not quality made knives made in Germany that Henckels is famous for . These are cheap , and made-in-China .
 I bought these knives for my wife 's 40th birthday . I had heard great things about Henckels , and expected a decent set of knives , even though I understood it was not the top of their line.Still , I was surprised and dismayed when the tips of several knives bent after just a few weeks of normal use . When the tip of one steak knife broke and left a tiny metal fragment in the food I was preparing , I said enough and took the whole set back to the store for a refund .
 These are the worst knives I 've ever owned . They do n't cut well at all , and if you do n't wash and dry them immediately after using them they will rust right away.Save yourself some time and frustration and use the money to buy a good chef 's knife .
 These are not quality Henckels knives . I have owned henckels knives before and these are not even close to the same quality as previous purchases . After a couple of uses , they start to rust , cheap metal used for the knives . They are sharp , hense the one star , but other then that I would never purchase again .
 We bought this knife set as our first `` real '' cutlery set after we got married ... To its credit , its lasted two years , but they have n't been great . The blades do n't cut straight , they cut more like a blade thats only been sharpened on one side . The serrated edges make it impossible to sharpen them , and they chunk-up anything soft you try to cut . Essentially we 've have to keep our old knives as a backup to these . The rusting is our own fault for putting them in the dishwasher , though they stand up surprisingly well to it . The money would have been better spent on a much better knife set that would last longer and be less aggravating .
 I actually won this set at a work function and now after using them once I am giving them away . The box said that they are not recommended for left hand use . I am left handed but I even tried using my right hand just to see if it was different . No difference . They all cut like a dull serrated knife . All I can say is that they are awful PLEASE do n't waste your money on these !!!
 I wanted a PCO air purifier to have in my office , but this was too rinkydink for my tastes . I has four light-emitting diodes , one in each corner . I 've seen small PCO filters that were made for use in a car that used LEDS , but for the space this fan takes up , I think it is way under lit . It seemed to add more odor to the room from its own off-gassing than it cleared up . I ran it for about two hours . It was very quiet on low speed at first , but then it started making a scraping/bearing noise . I sent it back and will try the NanoBreeze next . I do n't have anything against Sunpentown . I have a humidifier and a portable air conditioner from them that I am very happy with . The PCO fan was unacceptable .
 I like the design of this product . It is able to swivel from side to side and tilt up and down . It also runs pretty quiet even on high . It comes with an extra long cord . That is about as much positive as I can say about it . I was hoping to clear out some of the musty mildew smell I was greeted with upon moving to my new place . It has made no noticeable difference in the air quality of my apartment . I purchased one for a friend with my order , and he did n't pick his up for a few weeks . So I was running two of these units side by side for a while and still noticed no improvement in air quality . He placed his in a room with a litter box and it seemed to spread the odor around instead of eliminating it . The LED 's used to light the grid are very dim . It seems to me that the photo oxidation and ion production is very minimal .
 I am not a fan of rust on my kitchen cutlery . I got this cleaver because of some high reviews on Amazon , but have found that I truly got what I paid for
 I 've used these for a few years and they all have a flaw
 Sounds like a great idea but in practice it fails . Biggest problem I had was with the dryer . Socks never dried around the area which contacts the little rubber thing . Only way to dry them is to remove the rubber thing which defeats the purpose . Do n't waste your time or money , I 've already done that with mine .
 this is a nice looking 7.5 foot garland , but its not lit with LEDs , its just simple white lights found on most common trees and garlands , I returned ours as soon as it came in when I found it was mislabled .
 The thing only moved about 3 feet after it 's first charge and then started requesting pit stops . I played along thinking the battery just needed to be cycled some before it would hold a charge , but no such luck , it came DOA . Maybe I just had a run of bad luck , but I do not recommend this product ; you know something 's up when you 're paying less than the price of a cheap vacuum for a robotic one.Side note
 I have to say that I do n't buy furniture on-line and this is an example of why I wish I had n't . The Chair was a beautiful color and print , however I was very disappointed at the overall size of this chair . I actually thought it was for an older child when I sat in it and the legs are plastic . If this same print and color had been on a larger quality chair , I would have given it a 5 star .
 We received our colander around Christmas time , and have used it dozens of times since . We love the style -LRB- just a little funky -RRB- and we love the fact that the design fits in our sink perfectly and keeps water from re-circulating through the pasta.However , after just 3 months of use , we noticed that the paint -LRB- is it really enamel ? -RRB- wore off in a bunch of spots , and rust has taken over where the paint used to be.It 's too late for a return , so I will try the company directly and post any results here .
 This is painted metal , not enamel . The paint starts to bubble and chip off with very mild wear . With all the worry about lead lately , I worry about using this painted -LRB- not enamel -RRB- cookware item .
 This colander looks nice , but the quality is poor . I bought this to replace a similarly designed , different brand colander that lost its finish on the handles after 7 years . I 've had this for six and a half months , and the at the inner bottom it has rusted under the purple finish , which is about to flake off . I mainly use it for draining pasta . I clean it in the dishwasher , but I have never left it in standing water . I would not buy this again .
 This is super cute but the paint/coating is chipping and discolored after only a few uses ... not so cute anymore . By the way , I also bought this in other colors/sizes and the same thing has happened , so it does not seem specific to this color .
 Do NOT buy ! After washing it once prior to use and than washing it the second time the paint started bubbling just above the base . Very disappointing . So instead of using it , I have it on top of my refrigerator `` on display '' . Cost quite a bit to have only as it like 12 dollars to return and if I exchange it is not work the grief , gas not to mention my time is worth something .
 The chrome on the racks in this oven chips off very quickly into your food . Virtually no one carries replacement parts . The oven cooks OK , but the numbers that tell you temperature and time wash off with dish soap . So after a few uses , you have to guess . Aroma 's customer service is answered by a machine - even in the middle of the day - and you are told to call back during regular business hours . If you do elect to leave message - you will grow old waiting for a return call .
 Aroma Housewares AST-900E AeroMatic Convection OvenI bought this about 3 months ago , have used it 3 times , the small power switch which holds the handle down broke making the oven unusable , the company requires you mail it back at your expense including an extra $ 8 to them for S&H ; , wo n't be buying another of their products very shabbily made . Pat Wallace
 Bought this oven over a year ago and had all kind of problem with it . Cooks very good . 1st year the glass bowl for the oven exploded on me . Luckily I had a spear from another brand that my mom had . This year the handle broke in half . I had to glue down the on/off button to be able to use the oven . This will be my last Aroma product . Covection oven are great for cooking . Just get another brand . This is my 3rd convection oven .
 The Wok Shop reviews seem to be a bit skewed.Word of advice , be careful when ordering . You might not get what you paid for . I ordered the Wok set as a gift and ended up getting multiple woks but no lid . The spatula fell apart as well after the first time using it.Fortunately , I was shipped -LRB- 2 -RRB- of this item so I do have a second spatula but who knows how long it will last . The Wok is not of an 18gauge standard as described.Also , it took two weeks for delivery of items which was a bit disappointing when I was charged over $ 20 for shipping.The obscure box of items showing up was a bit strange and frustrating especially when the vendor refused to resolve the matter . I definitely would not recommend Ms. Tan 's company after a series of rather unprofessional emails that transpired while trying to resolve the items that were NOT shipped .
 too big for a standard kitchendifficult to season , wash , storeafter I seasoned it , weird pieces started coming off the wok ... I just threw it out .
 After reading other reviewers comments regarding the stainless steel composition , I contacted Amazon prior to shipment . I was assured that they would supply the 18/10 as described on their web site . The set just arrived and it is 18/0 . I have already printed out the RMA and return shipping label - it will be on its way back tommorow.Amazon
 We bought this set based on the looks and good reviews . However after only a month of use we started noticing black stains and rust stains . We figured out that if they are not dried right away , it will stain . Which is impossible because we do n't have time to individually hand dry them or when we use the dishwasher -LRB- even with the heated dry option -RRB- they still do n't completely dry . I would not recommend this product . As soon as I find another set , I am going to replace it . Waste of money !!!
 This is the most blatant example of `` bait and switch '' I 've ever seen . The description clearly states this set is made from 18/10 stainless steel , meaning it has 10 % nickel content . SURPRISE ! The nickel content is 0 % . So what 's the big deal ? It the nickel in the alloy that truly makes the steel stainless , without it you will have discoloring and various stains and some degree of rust . Want to test it yourself ? Just touch it with a magnet , 18/10 will not be attracted to the magnet and 18/0 will.The co-conspirator here is Oneida . They produce this Stafford set in BOTH metals . That 's right ; you can buy this set either way . So how do you know which is which ? YOU do n't ! You have to trust the vendor . In this case , neither Oneida nor Amazon can be trusted to provide the product that 's being sold.My plan now is to go to Dillard 's and buy the 18/10 set for $ 160 and be sure that I 'm getting what I paid for . If Amazon does n't correct this type of misleading merchandising they wo n't be maintaining their dominance in the marketplace.PS
 Right now the set is advertised as 18/10 stainless steel on amazon.com , but the set is actually 18/0 . One proof is that the set is magnetic -LRB- 18/10 steel is not magnetic -RRB- . Second proof is that the set is specified as 18/0 on -LSB- ... -RSB- . 18/0 steel develops brown stains with time . 18/10 steel does not develop stains . This set is going back .
 DO NOT BUY THIS.Cheap and flimsy `` steel '' that ca n't hold an edge if it hitsthe side of a bone or gets knocked around . The blade edge actuallydeformed noticeably after a week.You are wasting your money here.DO NOT BUY !!
 At first , it started to rust . After I called the vendor , they replaced it with another one , which , in my eyes , was a better quelity.It is wonderfully sharp and great weight.The reason I 'm changing my review is that I was pleased that they replaced my cleaver that was rusting ; however , now , the replacement is rusting .
 The item offered , by Target , was in fact the Kyocera ceramic grater in the size Kyocera calls medium . There is no large . I assumed this was a real large , because the price was significantly more than that charged for a medium by any other vendor . So , the product , nice as I 'm sure it would have been , was misrepresented by Target , and they overcharged for it . Clearly , when I saw what it was , I returned it . Target charged about $ 31 , and about $ 8 S&H . Most other vendors charge about $ 25 . I have seen this item for as low as $ 17.50
 Very cheaply made . Not very durable . Need a magnifying glass to read the numbers . The rain guage only records 4 inches of rain at a time . Many times I get more rain than this . Not enough product for what it cost .
 Bought this thing for $ 50 at Walmart.Pros : - Easy to use . - Adjustable heat settings . - Big surface area for grilling for the whole family.Cons : - Timer broke down on me after 3 months of use . I looked at the owner 's manual and I guess I committed the cardinal sin of forcing the timer dial off . It 's kind of like resetting the trip odometer in a '73 Volkswagon while the car is moving -- you 'll break the odometer every time . Guess what , George , there 's a reason they do n't make 1973 VWs anymore . The grill -LRB- and the car -RRB- have to be smarter than the idiots like me who use them.Conclusion : Who knew that buying a fat reducing grill from an overweight boxer could be such a mistake ? Like Mike Tyson said , `` Yes , time flies . And where does it leave you ? Old too soon . Smart too late . ''
 After one washing of the pearl grey towels , they are ruined :-LRB- They look as if they were washed with bleach . Terrible streaks running through them . Now they can not be used if guests are coming over . Its true , you get what you pay for . I will replace these with a better product . I gave this product one star because that was the least allowed , but it should get zero stars .
 Hi , do NOT buy a wok from the Wok Shop . I was in their store in SF Chinatown , and the owner kept telling me how great the cast iron wok they have is . I was a sucker ... I bought the wok , and brought it home to my parents . My grandparents were over that night too . I forgot to mention that I 'm Chinese ... My parents and grandparents said it was a fake , that it 's not really cast iron . It seems to have some kind of chemical coating on it instead . I should have known actually ... I have a cast iron skillet from Lodge Logic or something like that , and lem me tell you , cast iron is HEAVY . This `` cast iron wok '' on the other hand , was extremely light . There was no way this wok is cast iron.Save yourself the money and the anger of getting jipped , and do n't buy this wok ...
 Do NOT buy this microwave . We bought a GE microwave brand NEW and it was defective and would not work . GE refused to replace it . Instead , they wanted us to indirectly pay more for it by staying home from work -LRB- and lose pay -RRB- to wait for service instead of replacing a defective NEW microwave , that was broken straight out of the box .
 I guess the joke was on me . I assumed that a lid would be included , but I guess that cost extra , or has to be purchased separately . I returned the item , because I did n't own any lids that fit this particular pot . And I was n't about to go treasure hunting in my city to obtain one . Next time I 'll be sure a lid is included before I buy .
 Probably would have given this a five-star rating if it had arrived undamaged . But the rivet holding the handle to the pan was missing , rendering the product virtually unusable .
 I bought these plates after I already had the rest of the matching dishes . I already knew that I was not pleased with them but had to complete my set of dishes and will have to tolerate them as long as they last.They are really sturdy and go with everything BUT they get the ` knife-marks ' - grey scratch marks from utensils scraping them . I imagine that there are white dishes out there somewhere that are not subject to this flaw , and if there are I hope to find them , but these are not them .
 Just as everyone else below mentioned Amazon ripped us off ! Today I had 3 giant boxes on my door step only to find that two of the boxes contained one single plate each and the other box had two bowls and two small plates . That is pretty expensive for the $ 100 + I spent for 2 plates , 2 bowls , 2 salad plates . Trying to resolve the problem . First time I have been taken by Amazon , I thought they were above this ...
 I was looking forward to receiving this product . After receiving I hurried up & open right away only to be very disappointed . It was absolutely hideous ! The faded pictures could n't be made out , the colors are not the same as the picture provided . I would n't even use it as a rug for muddy feet . I would n't recommend this to anyone . Very sad it was n't what was expected or perceived To be in picture .
 I was hoping that the opposite would be true -LRB- or even if the image looked like the blanket -RRB- . But unfortunately , the image is very light -LRB- in fact , i had trouble figuring out which side was up since neither side looked very good -RRB- . I had high hopes for a nice egyptian throw , but it did n't come true ... The blanket itself is still ok though . It feels somewhat comfortable , and my dog does n't seem to mind laying on it ... When i get home i may try to take a picture and upload it so people can see what it really looks like .
 I give it only two stars for two reasons
 I have one of this light it did not last to me it is a very light
 It 's ok ... . warm enough . Not as soft as I was expecting , and it really sheds a lot . I washed it , hoping it would stop the shedding , but it just filled up my filter with lots of lint and it 's still shedding . I would not buy this again .
 Terrible ! I read the reviews and ca n't really understand why anyone would give this more than one star . It is a giant lint pad . I have washed and washed it to get as much lint out as I can and it still bleeds lint balls . It can not be dried in the dryer according to the care instructions which makes it even more difficult to care for . I do not recommend this blanket
 I was quite disappointed in this blanket . Having purchased many Korean mink blankets in Korea , I was very disappointed in this mink blanket made in China . It is not close to the quality of the Korean made blankets . This mink blanket is much lighter and no where near as thick and heavy as the real Korean mink blankets . Had I known this blanket was going to be as lightweight as it is I never would have purchased it .
 We bought this model in 2005 and used it for two summers . It no longer draws moisture from the air . Haier told me to take it to ace to see what was wrong with it . The ace repairman said that the five year limited warranty would fix the refridgeration unit . I called Haier and was on hold for 10 minutes . They came back and said there was nothing they could do . They did say that I could take it to a community college so they could use it for one of their classes . Needless to say I hung up . Definitely do not buy a haier of this model .
 I seasoned this wok over 20 times per the instructions some reviewers left here and per the instructions that came from wok shop . It is still bleeding black on a tissue . I then decided to SCRUB the heck out of it with soap and water and reseasoned , over and over and over . the black never stopped coming off . period .
 Worst customer service I have experienced ever . It arrived very late , and I requested to cancel the order three days before they even shipped it . Do n't purchase here , there are many better woks out there too . I wish I could give this a negative review .
 There is a translation problem at the fundamental level ... this product might be of &#34; traditional &#34; style , yet there may be some essential differences in construction from historical makeup , that cause it to be rather , shall we say , flimsy ; poorly finished at that ... plus I do not think traditional means made with a plasticized handle cover . I spent as much sending it back to the vendor as it cost ... even via the cheapest method possible ... it was a waste of time and effort to have ever considered this wok as an addition to my tools of the kitchen .
 I am still waiting to receive my 16 '' woks from this company and it has been over a month . They just said standard for the shipping type . I will never deal with this company again .
 Although this roaster is large and attractive , it cracked in the oven when I added marinade to a roast after an initial browning . There have been reports of these kinds of roasters cracking before . Also , it is very heavy to lift in and out of the oven when its full and hot .
 - the dish arrived in pieces , it was not packed properly . The person who packed this dish is either completely unqualified for the job or is sabotaging the company .
 This looked beautiful online and the shipping from Amazon was prompt . It arrived in 2 days , but broken . The packaging was not adequate and they sent it with another product -LRB- which was fine -RRB- . I am sending it back .
 For less than a dozen uses over several weeks , this is a good coffee maker -- then the glass container separates from the base and it is useless . Joe 's Coffee does not respond to calls about it .
 I am giving this a one star because the designated seller for this page is Joe 's Coffee house . They shipped me a used unit that was described as new and was also damaged before it was shipped from what I can tell . The unit broke after the first use . The manufacturer informed me that Joe 's is not a direct buyer of this unit and they did not know where they were getting them from . They were however kind enough to fix the unit for me although I have still not received the unit in the mail from them yet.This unit only roasts 1/3 of a cup at a time and not the 3 ounces that is described on some of the pages on amazon .
 I recieved this roaster for Christmas and am very underwhelmed . It is constructed with 1950 's technology and has no fan speed control and no temperature control . In otherwords , you will never be able to fine tune the ideal roast for different types of beans and personal preferences . What is the point of roasting your own coffee beans if the quality is virtually guaranteed to be lower than that available from your local speciality roaster ? This is the type of appliance I would expect to see in a cheap import store selling for $ 19.95 . I ca n't imagine anyone actually liking this machine . It 's not much more than a hot air popcorn popper that runs at a higher temperature and has a spring loaded timer on the power switch . I think a manual stove-top pan roaster is a giant step up from this poorly concieved device . Do n't waste your money .
 I just went through my second one of these and each of them only lasted one year with weekly use . I would roast the two ounces at a time , fifteen minutes apart , until I had a weeks worth -- about a pound once a week . I 've done the same thing previously with a corn popper that I bought at the thrift store for 3 dollars , and three of them have also only lasted one year . I bought the Fresh Roast in hopes that it would last longer than the one year that a used corn popper works , but it did n't . Considering that the Fresh Roast roaster ca n't be had for less than about 80 dollars , the corn popper is a much better deal .
 I 've had two of this product and really the only reason I bought the second one is I got a good low price . The machine is poorly made and the timer and the settings is a joke . The first machine burned up when the timer did not shut off . I 'd recommend watching it carefully . My first machine lasted two years and that was infrequent use at that . I fully expect the second machine to last no more than the first because , if anything , it is worst made than the first .
 I would not buy this coffee roaster . I first purchased one a year ago , and the whole base cracked down the middle within 6 months . It was nearly impossible to get the manufacturer -LRB- Fresh Beans , Inc. -RRB- to honor the warranty , but it reluctantly shipped out a new model -LRB- after accusing me of `` abusing '' the machine -RRB- . The second unit never worked properly , and I had to work through the Better Business Bureau to try and receive a refund . The manufacturer told the BBB they would refund my money . I returned the unit , and I am still waiting for my refund -LRB- it 's been 5 months ! -RRB- .
 Deni Electric Food SlicerThis item is horrible , I bought it from bargain outfitter , I could n't take the blade out to clean it , The reason why bargain outfitter sucks , because they sold me some machine called -LRB- Cook Essentials -RRB- instead of DENI , they play a bait and switch game , it cost me $ 30 to ship it back and forth , I went to Target and bought the real thing -LRB- DENI -RRB- , I will never ever deal with this company again -LRB- bargain outfitter -RRB- nothing was a bargain about them . by the way the real -LRB- Deni -RRB- has no problemwhen it comes to the blade , because it can be easily removed .
 I was more than disappointed in dealing with UnbeatableSale because they said it would take 4-7 days to recieve my slicer and it took 20 days to deliver it . Then the very first time I used the product there was a strong electrical smell ... thinking it was normal when many appliances are first used , I ran the slicer for the first time . It ran 4 minutes , then the motor burned out . I was given a refund for the purchase price , but lost over $ 35 . in shipping charges over this fiasco . The lesson for me served as a reminder to always shop in a real store and only use mail order as an absolute last resort . MSB
 The first Deni slicer ran about 10 min and then striped a plastic gear and then the blade stopped I called the mfg and was told to ship it back 15.00 shipping they sent me a new one , i started slicing some beef for Phillie steaks when the same gear stripped lousy plastic gear on this machine , it 's on the way to the junk pile as i won ' pay to ship it back again , I will spend a little more money and get a good machine ,
 I bought this based on the positive reviews and am terribly disapointed with this thing . I tried to slice a round roast with less than stellar results . The manual stated you need to shut this thing down after 10 minutes to let it cool off..Come-on . . whats the deal . . this thing cant run 10 lousy minutes ?? Well , no , it cant . It got real hot and ran lousy . It seemed to have very little power . On the plus side , it is easy to clean up and the blade adjustment is nice . This might be good for slicing up a tomato for your sandwich , but for anything more demanding stick with your basic knife , it 's just not worh the space it takes up .
 I did receid the item but totally destroyed , I asked for a refund or to send a new one but I am still waiting .
 I know a lot of the other reviews are pretty positive on these , but either reference price or are relatively new reviews . I have a similar set from Cook 's and I have to say the finish is not very good . My most used pan already has a finish that is failing -LRB- after about 9 months -RRB- and the other pans that I use I can see are starting to be worn . Honestly , I had a cheaper T-Fal set after my wedding and they held up better , longer.If these were more expensive , I would have given it a lower rating , but the price of these are low enough that I should not expect premium quality . Just know what you are getting - these are decent pans , but will not last for you .
 I was disaapointed when i received these bowls just before Christmas . I thought i 'd ordered the wrong style bowl . But now in looking at the photo Amazon just sent me with this request for a review I 've realized that what is inaccurate is the photo on your website . Pictured is the small , straight sided cereal bowl , but described is the smaller fruit bowl with the flared edge . I 'd wanted the straight sided bowls , but received the flared ones . I still have the bowls but did n't give tme to my daughter for Christmas as I 'd planned as she does n't use that type of bowl . I 'd like to receive the small cereal bowls as pictured on your site.Thank you . Merrilyn St. Denis
 I bought these looking at the photo , these are indeed the 6 ounce fruit bowls and not the small cereal bowl that is pictured . THE PHOTO IS INCORRECT !
 This vacuum performed well for a few months . After that , the battery would drain in less than 5 minutes of use . A few months later , the batter no longer holds its charge when the vacuum is off .
 Battery failed after a year 's worth of occasional light use . Tried to recondition per the instruction in the manual with no improvement .
 Works great for the first month or two like most battery hand held vacuums ... then it may as well be tossed out .
 This product had a defective release tab for emptying dirt . While it is light and requires less space than other similar hand-held products , it seemed poor in quality . I purchased it from a regular retail store and may return it if performance is poor .
 This unit arrived with a broken tab . This tab is to hold the dust cup and the motor together . I believe it was a desgined flaw since there is no damaged on the package nor the exterior shipping box . Return to Amazon was easy .
 Well i can not really comments on the actual product because when i received it , it was broken - could not be used.With i believe took place during Shipping.However , i must say that the return policy on Amazon is quite good , and responsive . The procedure was simple and to the point , with LIVE email correspondence from Amazon . I was indeed impressed .
 I bought these bowls in hoping to use them as mixing bowls or serving dishes to match the entire rest of the set I have . I went to use them to serve vegetable -LRB- potatoes -RRB- in and when I put a metal spoon in and stirred it left scratches all in the bowl . The color completely came off and they would not replace them for me.I am very disappointed and now am using Pfaltzgraff , at least it does not scratch off the color when serving or mixing . Do not waste your money on these poor quality bowls .
 Do not recommend this item . Paid 11.00 for shipping and handling . Paid 15.99 for three bowls . Very disappointed as there was no visible damage to the carton , and items seemed to be well packaged . This sours me on Amazon.comDennis Anthony
 I do not own this item , but am angry that the Product description , does n't describe the item in question . VERY Annoying ! I love E.H. Products , but you fail to sell this one .
 This lovely set of Corelle bowls , are heavier than any bowl I have ever seen . I had to return mine . Even the small bowl was uncomforatably heavy . I cant imagine putting food in them and then trying to pick them up . The material used to manufacture these is nothing like the normal material for the square backing dishes . I was totally disappointed . I bought mine new from Amazon and I must say though shipping was really fast , packed very well , and the set is very lovely .
 The quality of the print is OK , but this company shipped the wrong size poster -- not once -LRB- OK , mistakes happen -RRB- but twice . Let 's see if they can get it right the third time !
 I bought 5 sets of bars . 3 of them were ok but 2 of them were made differently even though all the model number are the same . My best guess is that they ran out of the brackets from the un-hinged side and started welding the brackets from the hinged side on . This made it impossible to install the bars level and still be able to open them.On all of them , the hardware is garbage . The screws bend and screw heads brake off even though I pre-drilled the holes.Last they are just not built well . The welding is poor and the paint is not applied evenly . This might sound trivial but the paint gobs keep the sliding parts and hinges from moving freely .
 This product may have worked , but it has only 3 bars , rather than 4 and only one was in the box . The product I ordered said that it would arrive as a -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB- . Actually , the product I received does n't seem to be the one in the photo , nor are there 2 of them . I 'll be sending it back .
 I still have not received the second set ordered . Company has been contacted but so far no second set received .
 Pro : - The pieces are THICK . - Mirror polishCon : - Copper and steel lining has visible `` gap '' . Which scared me as I read a review after my purchase -LRB- ChefMate copper bottom here at Amazon -RRB- that 2 people had the layers separated while cooking . Granted it 's a different brand but I do n't like the visible gap and do n't want to experiment with safety - The handles are smooth and polished . No dents to help with grip . It 's only a matter of time that you hold the pot with wet hand and have it slip off . - The omelet pan is not round . Near the handle are 2 dents near the handles . Because of the symmetry , some can argue it 's designed that way . But it looked like a defect to me . The pan should be round or oval , not warped.Since I have n't used any piece yet , I 'm returning this one .
 I received only one 4 pack of candle refills , not the 40 that were advertised . The company I ordered from would not honor the advertised amount nor did the supervisor of customer service return my call as requested . I did receive a refund , but I would have expected the order to be honored as advertised . The company blamed the error on Amazon .
 Just not expected from amazon and cooks . The steel handles get very very hot . its difficult to lift the lid when it gets hot . It doesnt serve the purpose.Absolute waste of money .
 These pots are very lightweight and seem to be very cheaply made . We were not impressed , even at this low price .
 I bought this kitchen utensils set . . and I am sorry to say it is just usable not good one like they had shown . . I saw many utensils set with same number of item atleast 500 % times better than what I got in less price.Second thing , I wanted to cancle the order immidiately but I tried to find out the customer care no on the amazon site . . but I could not find one :o-LRB- -LRB- any way thats why I have decided not to buy from this site anymore ... as now I ca n't rely on the pics only ...
 This set is so rough and scratchy , even after several washings , our three year old will not sleep on it . Not worth the bother .
 For the price I paid for the sheets and comfortor , I could have gotten a really nice set at the store . The sheets are see through and rough , the blanket is nothing but a cheap piece of foam with some fabric sewn around it . I am very very dissapointed . The company made a big big buck off of me with this set . never again . They must have made a 60 dollar profit , because what they sent me looks like it only cost 5 dollars to make .
 120 thread count is never a good choice . This set feels more like 20 thread count . I ended up using the fitted sheet as a box spring cover and made curtains out of the flat sheet . Do n't buy this .
 Yes , these are VERY crappy sheets . That said , I do n't regret getting them . My son LOVES his Thomas sheets . He did earn them for completing his potty training , so I was held to the bargain of buying him `` Thomas sheets '' . But I ca n't complain when I see how excited he gets when he talks about them . That alone was worth it.Decide for yourself .
 I wish I had read some of the reviews for this product before I bought it . I was SO disappointed with the quality of the product . The sheets are extremely rough , thin and scratchy . The comforter required restitching because the original stitching looked more like a basting stitch and came apart as easily as one . Since Thomas the Tank Engine is such a popular character , I would have thought more effort would have been put into the integrity and quality of products bearing it 's trademark . As such , I am very reluctant to purchase anymore character bedding .
 The sheets are horribly scratchy and rough . No matter how many times you wash them and use fabric softener , they stay hard .
 I was shocked when I received and opened this item . It looks ok on the outside but inside it is very obviously third grade quality at best . It has black dirt spots in the glaze on the inside as well as the glaze has a very large -LRB- about 1/3 of the inside -RRB- spot where the glaze ran down inside . Due to the condition of this item it should never have been advertised and sold without making it clear that this is a third grade quality item . I am definately returning this item to the seller . In my opion the value of it is about 1/5 of the listed price .
 When I found this clock on Amazon I loved the idea - kind of funky and fun . I thought it would be an interesting touch for my dorm room . However , I was really disappointed when it arrived this week . The entire product is poorly made . I thought it would be a solid piece , but instead it is a piece of metal in the shape of half a box -LRB- missing the back and ends -RRB- . The design is put on like a sticker , which caused a problem particularly with the hand that is a cut out from the picture because part of the sticky side is exposed . It is extremely sticky and catches easily on things . Also , the hands just felt cheap and did n't even line up that nicely . Perhaps with better construction this clock would be a nice item , but it was definitely not worth the $ 40 I paid for it -LRB- shipping is quite pricy seeing as it only cost me about $ 5 to send it back -RRB- . If you like interesting clocks , I 'd suggest Target ; they currently have some really neat ones out for the college rush .
 I bought this unit to solve a 60hz hum issue . -LRB- I have a mini-fridge and window AC unit in my AV room -RRB- . It solved the hum , but the caveat was that 2 of the 8 outlets did n't work . For a unit that is valued at $ 800 , how hard is it for them to check all the outlets before it ships out . I returned it and ended up with a APC unit that was less expensive and also had voltage regulation capability . The unit does what it says , but not any better that products for less money . Not to mention if your looking for a surge solution Brickwall surge units in combination with a legitimate UPS is really the way to go.UPS FAQhttp : / / www.pcguide.com/ref/power/ext/ups/typesOnLine-c.html
 I owned this exact pair of scissors and absolutely loved them . Good quality ; and very practical -LRB- you can just stick them to the fridge for storing -RRB- . They finally broke after almost 8 years . I ordered these , believing they would be identical . Big disappointment ! According to the description and the photo the cover is magnetic but , beware , it is NOT . Just an ordinary pair of kitchen scissors in a non-magnetic cover . Completely unusable to us . I had to return them.UPDATE
 I was disappointed with these scissors . I guess they are as good as average kitchen scissors , but I wish now I had purchased some that came apart for cleaning . I really wanted these because they were advertised as magnetic and my drawer space is very limited . That 's not the case . I went back to look on Amazon and the picture is very different than what I received . Mine have no magnetic buttons on the sheath . It 's easier to keep them rather to send them back , but just a warning - you might receive magnetic scissors or you might not .
 Only had these for a few months , and all I did was battle the rust . Threw them out today . Very disappointed .
 I bought this nimi vacuum to clean my cameras and laptop . It does n't suck anything , the usb port shut down because overpowered , you ca n't return the item , mine ended up in the garbage bin ... Just another useless item to waste your money ...
 The idea of this little USB vacuum with LED light is a good one , but one of the locking prongs on one of the two attachments broke after just one use . This does n't bode well for long-term durability . I wish one of the major vacuum brands would make a USB vacuum with light like this , except built to last ...
 Amazon should ban this person who is very probably related to AllerEase , look at all `` her '' -LRB- not sure that person is a he or she -RRB- reviews , `` she '' only reviewed her own products of AllerEase and gave them all 5 stars -LRB- with the same comment -RRB- . !!! I see this kind of fake reviews more and more on Amazon and urge the buyers to report this kind of abuse to Amazon !!!
 This is not a well made product , its cheap paper like material , it ripped when I went to put it on my child 's mattress . Its also not comfortable feeling .
 This product is horrible . We bought two , one for our king bed and one for our daughter 's twin bed , and they both ripped when we tried placing them over the mattresses . We were extrememly careful putting the cover on our bed since the one on our daughter 's bed ripped the first time . Moreover , when we were zipping it around our king mattress the zipper just broke . It came off the track without provocation and rendered the cover worthless . Both covers are now repaired with duct tape and I am disgusted with the quality -LRB- or lack there of -RRB- of these products . These covers were not cheap and we bought them for the health and safety of our daughter . This company should be ashamed to sell products of such shoddy quality that are supposedly created for the safety of individuals with allergies . I will never purchase from this company again .
 I wanted to get a mattress cover for a brand new bed I just purchased . I tried this product and it ripped almost immediately while attempting to put it on . I figured I must have simply been unlucky and gotten a bad one , so I exchanged it for a new one and the same thing happened . Keep in mind I was being gentle with it , and not pulling and tugging on it . It is just a very flimsy cover .
 Do n't buy this product . There is no way to install without ripping at least one shoddy seam . I puchased one for my new king size mattress , and was very careful putting it on . It ripped . Customer service replaced it but the same thing happened .
 These are more like large paper towels than anything else . I purchased four and two of them ripped while I put them on the mattress -LRB- and yes , I was oh so careful -RRB- . I just duct taped the rips . One of the covers that did n't rip while putting it on the mattress later ripped completely down the side . It is on a child 's bed - twin -- and can only have ripped from the friction of the sheets alone while the child was tossing in bed.For the price we pay , this is extremely dissappointing . If you must have a dust mite barrier and ca n't find anything else , purchase only one so you can judge for yourself.The pillow oovers are the same except for the even more expensive cotton lined Allerest pillow covers . Those work .
 Cook 's Hard Anodized cookware is below average . All Lid tops and pan handels are metal and get HOT . You will get burned if you touch it or try to move the pan with out a good potholder . I thought this went out with the stone age .
 It was not what I expected it to be . It is very light in weight . Was not what I thought an omelet pan was like . I was disappointed .
 The handles will get hot even with in 10 minutes of cooking , Better use gloves if you want to use this.Dont buy ... Not worth for quarter the present price !!!
 I bougth this and I returned after first use . The product handle gets too hot and you could potentially burn your hand unless you have habit of cooking with gloves on hand . I would not recommend this product for its price at the expensive of burning your hand . So please be beware .
 This product is not worth of the price . It is not as good as it looks in the picture . I 've returned after looking at it and lost $ 12 in shipping .
 I ordered this to replace a large throw blanket . I unpacked it and found that it was VERY thick . Much thicker than any blanket I 've ever seen before . It 's thinner than a quilt but much stiffer . It is really more like a mattress pad than any type of bed covering . It also does not drape well at all because it 's so stiff . I fact I had to smash it down some in order to get the laptop I 'm using to lay flat.It is a LOVELY dark green , very soft , and the overall impression is one of quality . I 'm going to wash it a few times and see if it relaxes some . If it does n't frankly I have no idea what I could use it for .
 This set is very heavy - and it takes a long time to unscrew the tops off . Not really worth the money .
 # 1 , I was shocked to see that my order showed up UPS blue label on Amazons free shipping promotion , but one I opened the box , I could see why . This cookwear set did not look nearly as nice as the small photos on Amazons depicted it to be.The cookwear was cheap , and any teenager with basic strength could easily bend the pots out of shape with a good push . I 've seen sheap cookwear at multiple stores such as Target , Riteaid and Big lots that retails for $ 30 that is superior to this.Best I can come up with is the fact that the extra profit they made allows them to ship in an expedited fashion , but the end result is that this product is woth about $ 25 . I would not recoomend it to anyone serious about cooking , and even for those that just need cheap cookwear , I 'd suggest you save your money because this cset is not worth anymore than $ 30 out the door with shipping , tax and all that .
 I first read the warning coming with the box . It says that the product contains cancer causing material and you have to wash your hand every time you use it . I decide to return it immediately .
 This is one of the worst product . It started giving smoke the very first minute I tried . Stay Away Stay Safe
 the product came with a broken cord . Sending it back would cost the price of shipping so I just took the fall . Do not buy
 No power at all.Even it can not vacuum a single thing.You can feel the power by putting your hand to vacuum ; yes , no power at all.It is like a joke . I can not believe this product is still being sold.DO NOT BUY .
 I purchased this product as a present for my sister and tried it last week . I found that it did not have enough suction to remove the type of dirt or lint that accumulates on an automobile 's carpet . After several minutes of vigorously sweeping the carpet with this vacuum , I just gave up . I also tried to remove pet hair from the cloth upholstery , but again , the effort was in vain . I was attracted to this product by the low price and the generally favorable reviews , but after using it once , I just put it back in the box , and buried it deep in my sister 's car trunk . I doubt it will ever come out of that box again .
 I 've had this vacuum for almost a year , but I 'm reviewing it now because until this week , I have n't really had to use it more than a couple of times . Because it has a plug that connects to the cigarette lighter , I could n't use this vacuum anywhere but for the car . Since I like to multi-task things , I bought an adapter so I could use this in the house also . My car has dark carpet and seats , so I could n't really tell how well it was working then . It was n't until I started to use this vacuum inside the house that I could see it was BARELY picking up the dust on the hardwood floors . It was only for a light dusting task , for a quick pickup , not a major vacuuming job . It could not even pick up a piece of paper the size of a dime ! I tested it with my hand under the nozzle to see if it was suctioning , and I could only feel a light breeze , like from an electric fan.I gave this one star for the clean smell - no dust odor , but probably because it was not sucking up any . The other star was for the price - I bought this when it was on sale here on Amazon for $ 9.99 . I guess I got what I paid for , which is why I 'm back on Amazon today to look for another handheld vac that hopefully works .
 After reading some mixed reviews about this auto vac I decided to try it out . I should have followed the negative reviews and declined . The vacuum is completely worthless and does not pick-up much of anything . It probably does o.k. on items like Cheerios and Goldfish crackers but nothing much smaller .
 I purchased one of these , wanting the convenience of plugging the unit into the car cigar lighter receptacle so that I could follow up after an exterior-only car wash . However , it worked for only 2 minutes . It continued to run but would n't pick up anything . I tried it and retried it , finding that although the motor continued to run , it did not create a vacuum . Did n't want to go to the trouble of sending it back for repairs or replacement so I just ordered an Oreck which , I hope , will be more reliable .
 This product came extremely dirty and used . It was thrown into the garbage as soon we opened the box . It wasnt even worth it to ship it back .
 I now know better ... Product was flimsy and difficult to clean . Not good for coffee . Product smelt strongly of brass . Not good for coffee.For a superior ibrik , I recommend the buyer may look for elsewhere.I quickly threw the unit to the trash .
 The SoleusAir MS-14R stopped working after one week of very light use . The heating element simply burned out.I attempted to contact customer service on two occasions . On the first attempt got an operator ; however , when I asked for customer service , I was told `` call back in an hour , he is on his lunch break '' . So they only have one customer service representative?I did n't call back in an hour -LRB- I forgot about the soleusair -RRB- . I called back a few days later , all I could get was a machine.I will not buy another SoleusAir product .
 We received the MS-14R Reflective Tower Heater made by Soleusair late this morning . I assembled it and turned it on . Worked great for about four hours . Now the reflective bulb will not come on . The power light is on , the unit will oscillate , but the bulb will not turn on . I unplugged the unit for 20 minutes and plugged it back it . This did not help.I called their customer support . They want me to cut the plug off the unit and mail it to them in California , then they say they will send me another unit . Winter will be over by the time I get it if the plug does n't get `` lost '' along the way to them.We 'll see what happens .
 I bought this clock radio for the size . I knew it had a small speaker , but I only wanted it for the AM news , so I did n't think that mattered . What does matter is that the radio tuner is impossible to set . Even a strong station is hard to locate . The clock by itself is clear and easy to use .
 Looks good for a cheap radio . Strog Built does n't sound bad.But you can only get one or two stations outdoors or in a big room in the house , do n't take in to a small room or office because you wont get anything.I wont recomended , for that money you can get something wiht better reception .
 This leaves the impression that if you request lids you get them , but Highwave says the lids have to be purchased seperatley ... A TAKE-OUT cup anywhere else , comes with a lid FREE OF CHARGE and they want to charge me to buy a lid ??? . . Just looks like a plain old coffee cup without the lid . . ! So if you want a cup with a lid , dont buy these because the lids will cost you extra !!!
 Pros : Solid looking and impressive.Makes two waffles at once.Makes thick -LRB- 11/4 inch -RRB- waffles.Cons : Slow to heat and cook.No temperature adjustment - only cooking time can be adjusted.Low fat and oil free batters will stick to the grids.Cooks somewhat unevenly , as one side will brown more than the other.Too tall to open on counters with cupboards above unless pulled forward to the front of the counter , so it consumes a lot of counter space.Heavy to lift and move.Knob on front sticks out and can easily be knocked off.Reliability - mine died after a short period.I eat waffles almost everyday and decided to upgrade to this unit . What a disappointment . I also tried the Chef 's Choice WafflePro M850 which I assumed would be inferior - it 's not . The WafflePro has 1750 watts versus the KitchenAid 's 1400 watts and the ability to adjust both time and temperature , providing considerably more texture and taste flexibility than the KitchenAid . The WafflePro is also much faster , although it will cook only one 81/2 inch square waffle versus the KitchenAid 's two 71/2 inch round waffles at one time . But since it cooks more than twice as fast , you can actually produce more waffle `` product '' in a given time period with the WafflePro M850 than with the KitchenAid . The WafflePro also has better non-stick grids which will accept low fat and oil free batters without sticking , a plus for calorie counting waffle lovers such as myself.When my KitchenAid died I was actually relieved to have a reason to return it for a refund since I was surprisingly disappointed in its performance .
 I tried this shaker with water and I spilled some of it . Now , I 'm a bit of an amateur with these things , so at first I thought I was n't doing it properly . I tried shaking water a few times , on different days , and I always managed to spill some of it . Then I located the source of the leaks
 The shaker looks nice but I ca n't get the top off . Maybe if you have super-strength this would be the right product for you , but for us mere mortals it would be a good idea to get something else .
 When I received my package , I was very disappointed in the quality . There was a sticker on the bottom that said `` New , '' but the box was really beat up . My shaker had scratches on the outside of it , which looked really bad . But the worst part of all was that I could n't open it . My roommates all tried , and I even put it in the freezer , hoping the metal would contract . However , I still could n't get the lid off , so it 's going back . It seems to be of high quality , except for that big issue .
 Everyone else seems to love this shaker , unfortunately mine came with a small dent at the spout -LRB- made it hard to connect the cap -RRB- . But what was more concerning is I had rust on the bottom of it after a week . I 've had other shakers , similar to this -LRB- all stainless steal -RRB- , and never had this occur before .
 They said it was a Boston Shaker and it is not . Just a regular cocktail shaker . They did pay for the return .
 Ordered two of these , one for me and one for a gift . Opened the first one , unable to get the lid off , no matter what hubby and I tried . Opened the other box , and still same problem , ca n't get that lid off either . Sending back for refund and ordering another type of shaker .
 I purchased this item for an outdoor party and I wanted something inexpensive so if it did n't make it back or was damaged I would n't care . The shaker , however , did not make it to the party because it would not open . It is so tightly sealed that no one could pull it apart . Trying to return to seller . We 'll see how that goes !
 Bought this because of all the great reviews ... forgot to look at the 1star reviews.the shaker was great in the beginning but after one use , I start to notice on the bottom of the exterior there 's a ring of rusted edge.which is n't going away . . shaker is still use-able but not very appeasing to the eye . I would not recommend this .
 Like other reviewers here -LRB- nursegardener -RRB- , I received a faulty product -- the lid does not come off . I should not have been sold this product and I am looking into returning it , which is a huge inconvenience for me .
 I bought this based on the mostly good reviews . I made ONE drink last night , and the cap stuck to the strainer . At first I could n't pull the strainer off either , but at least I was finally able to pull that piece from the bottom piece -- BUT of course it had all the mixed ice etc. that was supposed to be strained . -LRB- I read someone 's review in which he said he ran the top piece under warm water to get it off , but that did n't work at all for me . -RRB- It is now the next day and the top and strainer are STILL stuck . I am going to return this as I must have gotten a defective one -- at least , it does n't work the way it 's supposed to work . Not happy at all at wasting my money on this piece of crap.Are there any mixers out there with pieces THAT DO N'T STICK TOGETHER AFTER MIXING ?!!
 My friend wants to have a cocktail shaker and told her that I will give her one as a gift . . I submitted my ordered merchandise Jan. 2 and few days after I got an email that the estimated delivery date will be on January 25 , 2013 up to Feb. 12 , 2013 . It is like a month or so period of waiting and no tracking number available . The reviews are good and the cost of the merchandise . It is a little bit frustrating . I will post another review once I get it ... Did you guys experience this long delivery/shipment as well ??? http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000796F1W/ref=ox_ya_os_product
 Contrary to nearly all of the other reviews of this bestselling shaker ... this is a low-end , made in India , poorly fitting shaker . I returned mine 10 minutes after removing it from the box . The fit and finish is awful .
 There is nothing premium about this shaker . It is shiny so fingerprinte constantly smudge the outside . It is somewhat difficult to remove the top . But I suppose it would work for mixing which is what it is made for . I am returning this `` premium '' cocktail shaker and using the old 6 dollar one that I already had . I guess I had too high of expectations for a shaker , it is what it is . But It is n't worth 15 dollars .
 Mixing drinks with this shaker is great BUT the stainless steel is of the cheapest quality
 This is a good-looking shaker but it leaks when I shake it . I filled it up halfway the second try and it still leaked out everywhere from the top . I have to buy another one now and I 'll pay more for better quality this time . Disappointing .
 I have used many shakers in my day in both professional and home settings . I bought this shaker for my husband who wanted to try his hand at mixology . Not only does the top stick when you do n't want it to -LRB- as other reviewers have noted -RRB- but the top SHOOTS off like a rocket when least expected . After shaking a drink vigorously , we have , on numerous occasions had the top burst off with a loud noise and land across the kitchen . Thankfully no one has been hurt , but we have yet to figure out why this top is so unpredictable.We do not recommend under any circumstances .
 We read the reviews and noted that some complained about leaking , so we immediately tested it out with some water . Yup , it leaked . Too bad , it was such a good price . You get what you pay for ! We returned it and decided on one from Pottery Barn instead and are pleased with that .
 The lids do n't fit correctly . They are not made of stainless steel . I would return them if I could . Poorly made
 Very disappointed . As some of the other reviewers noted , this thing rusts . I rinsed this out the day it was delivered intending to use it that night , and in the process of drying in a rack , the bottom began to rust in addition to the inside of the cap . This means that every time I use it , I need to wipe rust out of the shaker before making a drink . That 's stupid and I strongly encourage you to NOT buy this.Also , the shaker does n't look like the picture . I like the way it actually looks , but it 's not shiny as the one that 's shown , more off a matte finish -LRB- not sure if that can be applied to stainless steel , but you get my drift -RRB- . On the plus side , it does n't leak when shaking up a drink .
 It seemed like a good shaker at first , but the top became permanently affixed to the bottom . There is no way to remove , so it 's worthless .
 The shape is not really compatible with the side of the chair . It would be better to design it to fit flat next to the chair ; flat on top ; and protruding on the side away from the chair . That way it would be easier to apply the necessary pressure to move the original chair lever .
 Worked VERY WELL untill I had to re-install to another to a different chair ! Somehow my screws/bolts got stripped ! Do not when it happend ? Please tell how I can re-order . THIS IS BEST PRODUCT ! Please respond to my email adress . Thank you !
 I am an Ergonomics Consultant with VERY short arms . This product looked like just what I needed to be able to reach the handle on my recliner without over-extending my right shoulded . I injured it about a year ago , and it has been difficult for me to reach the handle more than ever.Unfortunately the design of the product made it only slightly easier for me to reach the handle and the hard metal handle stuck out into the walk way and I must have hit my leg on it 5 times before I decided to return it . I applaud Standers for their attempt at addressing this issue , but they missed the mark in my opinion when it came to design .
 I have severe arthritis in my right shoulder . This device `` sort of works . '' I do n't have as much pain as I had before I put it on .
 I did n't like this product much . Bought it for my dad after his stroke to make it easier to use his recliner . The thing does n't seem to stay tight enough and wobbles , so he wo n't use it . It may fit some other recliners better , I 'm not sure .
 I bought this because I thought it would help me use my recliner after I have major abdominal surgery . Well , it 's not made for over-sized La-Z-Boy recliners . It fits , and it works , but it is still very hard to reach the handle to both recline and sit up . After surgery I will have to have someone to raise and lower my chair for me until I can do it myself.It is a good invention , but it just is not made for all styles of chairs .
 The chair risers are advertised as `` nonskid '' but they can slide on carpet . Bought these for my elderly father who had hip surgery . His chair is in the middle of the room and when he sat down or stood up the chair slid . He uses a walker so it is dangerous for the furniture to move . Also , I did not think the depression at the top of the cone is as deep as it was described . Probably if the chair backed up to a wall or you do n't need a walker they would be OK . Even though I had used them the Stander Company said to return them . I bought them through Amazon and the return process was very easy through Amazon .
 I got them out of the box , put the rubber base on and slipped them under my bed posts as recommended . I sat on the bed and BOOM ! the two at the foot of my bed SHATTERED with just me on the bed -LRB- I am only 5 ' 2 '' !!! -RRB- I bet all 4 would have exploded under the weight of me AND my 6 ' tall boyfriend.These are promoted to help elderly people be able to get in and out of chairs , beds , etc. . OMG , I can not imagine the potential injury to someone who actually needs these due to arthritis or a hip replacement ; we bought them just to have extra room under the bed.Overall these feel cheap : They are hollow , so of course furniture will bust right through the top , it is only 1/8 '' thick!The wells to hold the feet of furniture look deep in picture but are VERY shallow -LRB- easy to shift out if they do n't break first -RRB- You only get 4 rubber rings to put on bottom edge to protect floor , but you get 8 lifts . I bought them to use on our couch and bed , but I could n't use both sets due to only 4 floor protectorsThey smell horrible out of the boxTHANK GOODNESS Amazon has such a painless return policy.PLEASE AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE ! They can potentially hurt you or your grandparents . They are not worth $ 25 , not worth 25 cents !
 I would hope the average customer purchasing this item would have better luck than I . The powder coating on thescrews was so thick I had to power wire brush them to bare metal to get them thru the holes . The welded bolts the screws attach to were a 1/4 inch too long preventing me from being able to tighten the assembly on the chair lever.I had to grind them off a bit and re thread to be able to use it . Possible a unique problem but a pain for me .
 I ordered this chair for my 8-year-old son 's room . Figured he could use it to sit on , and we could use it for sleepover 's for any of my 3 kids . There is NO WAY an 8-year-old can sit on this . Furthermore , there is no way any kid over the age of 1 can sleep on it . It is miniscule . Read the dimensions carefully and be sure this is what you want before you order it .
 Culligan Drinking Water Replacement Cartridge Carbon Block , 0.5 Micron , 1,000 Gallon Capacity #D -30 The D-30 cartridge severely restricts water flow and nowhere on the packaging does it indicate this . I had to return them to amazon for a refund . Am using the D-10 's with no noticeable reduction in water flow/pressure . Suugest that Culligan come up with some indication of water flow for each of their water filters . If water flow is not an issue for you , then the D-30 's are probably fine .
 Does a good job of filtering the water from what I can tell , but it reduces the flow rate to a trickle . Since I have this hooked to the cold water tap on the kitchen sink , that was unacceptable.I switched to the D-20A filter and it works great .
 The filter system needs to be securely mounted to a wall fixture . Every time I change the filter it rips from the wall . I have tried up to 200lb . wall anchors . Meaning , the canister is hard to remove from the rest of the assembly . I upgraded to the D-30A filter and the water pressure dropped significantly compared to the D-20A filter . The filter works great and the water is better tasting and crystal clear . You just have to deal with the downsides of the rest of the product .
 I hate to complain , but this vacuum has too much suction for this floor tool to work ! It gets stuck to the floor or the carpet . I 've tried adjusting it , but nothing works !
 this product almost doubled its price ... what is that !??? Personally i am not happy at all with it
 I got this clock as a gift for a 1 y.o. child and I was very pleased with it.The clock was a hit with the child - luckily there is a button that allows for the horse to come out even when it is not the right time . The clock looks very cute , and the horse makes a good galloping sound before coming out and going neighhhhh , so that you know its coming and the child have the time to look for it . It is also good that there is a little light sensor that automatically turns it off at night.edit : Unfortunately , the clock stopped working after about 6 months - the horse would come out and not retract , or would not come out at all . Eventually , the horse just stopped coming out at all . My child never abused -LRB- or even touched for that matter -RRB- since it was always out of reach.Oh well - nice idea and cute clock . But for the price I would have expected something more durable .
 I purchased this based on reviews . Had I seen this pan in a store , I would not have purchased this piece of tin . I baked brownies in it for the first time and I had to chisel them out with a plastic spatula . The pan is now scratched up . After this experience , I wondered if the right Wilton product was sent to me . I have an oven that bakes perfectly . I really should send this to the Wilton Company in Illinois , even though this was manufactured in China .
 I have to return this item . First it did not fit my 5300 Winix model and then the carbon filter is leaking all over the frame and the package plastic bag . Good thing is Amazon 's return process made it easy for returning defected product .
 As I stated I am unsure where the positives are as I just purchased this and ran in my 30 degree garage for over half an hour with no change in temp . I can heat the same space with a blow dryer faster than this thing !
 I have the remote control version of this unit - everything else is the same.First unit - dead after 6 months -LRB- lights come on - no heat -RRB- replacement - huge dent in back panel on arrival -LRB- box perfect ... they sent it that way ! -RRB- second replacement - OK for a few months . Tried it as the weather got colder this month . Worked once , now wo n't heat up.Customer service says the warranty starts -LRB- and ends -RRB- based on the original purchase date , so I 'm out of luck.AVOID THIS COMPANY
 I got one of these several years back . Worked fine at first , then seemed to lose all `` oomph '' . Took forever to heat up and worked unpredictably . Periodically the overheat button would turn on for no apparent reason . I thought I might have a defective unit , and the design was so pretty that I bought another . Same problems ! Did n't last more than two months . Do n't waste your money . I ca n't believe these are still in production . Are n't there any quality control regulations out there ?
 I bougt this because it was quiet and had digital controls , I put this in my bedroom and have to have it set at 59 because it heats to 72 on the low setting . So I returned that one and got another one , but that one did the same thing . unless you get this as a supplemet heat for a large area , I would not buy it .
 I do n't understand how Consumer Reports could have rated this heater so high . As far as heating is concerned , it 's great . But the cord and plug get so hot that the plug has melted and caused burn marks on my wall outlet . When I unplug it , sparks fly out of the outlet . It 's more than a little dangerous .
 I hate this heater . It heats really well , but costs a fortune to use . There is no way to set the heaters temp . It seemed to have a mind of its own . I live in a small 1073 sq ft home . My first month , December , my electric bill was $ 378 . So I kept it on 1000 watts instead of 1500 . The next month using 1000 watts my bill was $ 278 . I have GAS HEAT !!!!! It 's too late to send it back and I am bummed . I have bought several space heaters in my day but never have I had such a high bill . The highest electric bill I 've ever have was $ 170 and that was a summer with over 100 degree weather for weeks . I think they were n't made the same . Some people said it did n't heat , but my did . It just cost a fortune .
 Bought two of these which seemed to work fine for the first week or so . Call me crazy , but what company designs a product with an indicator light that stays on -LRB- green -RRB- regardless of the ON/OFF switch position ? With the light staying on anytime the unit is plugged in , you ca n't actually tell if the switch position is in the 1000 watt , off , or 1500 watt position . Besides that marvel of engineering , both of our units have intermittent functionality , which means sometimes they work but most often they do n't . As soon as I can get a customer service person to ok that I return these -LRB- at my expense , of course -RRB- , they are going back to the company . My recommendation is to look elsewhere and stay away from this manufacturer .
 This heater pays no attention to what you set the thermostat at . After , nine minutes , it automatically goes into the `` economy '' mode regardless of what your actual room temperature is leaving you with the same cold room as you started out with . Shutting it off and then turning it back on only repeats the same process . Its a no win situation .
 I bought this item , because it 's design and description sounded like a good thing . I received it , set it up , and read the directions . THE VERY VAGUE , and poorly written directions . In the product sales description -LRB- one line -RRB- , it said there is an adjustable thermostat . THERE IS NOT ONE AT ALL ! There is an INTERNAL thermostat that sets itself whenever it decides to turn ITSELF on or off . There is NO temperature read out , there is no control for you , the operator to set and tell it to continue on until the room reaches this temp . One of the features that attracted me was that there are two wattage settings ... 1500W or 900W . I thought , this would be great , when the room gets warm enough , I can lower the wattage setting , and save on electricity costs . AGAIN , YOU CAN NOT CONTROL THE WATTAGE SETTING . IT 'S ALL INTERNAL ... the MACHINE does it when it wants to ! I will type the description right out of their manual ... `` Economic Energy Saving Function -LRB- ECO -RRB- - When the room temperature reaches a certain point , the ECO green light will switch on , indicating that one-third of the power has been cut-off automatically to save energy . '' Problem is ... IT NEVER STAYS AT FULL WATTAGE ... within 5 minutes of giving off heat at a full 1500 watts , it will switch to the lower wattage ... NO MATTER WHAT TEMP THE ROOM IS . I have Econo-Heat Flat Panel Wall Heaters in my living room -LRB- check them out THEY ARE INCREDIBLE ! -RRB- , and when we have these cold , cold nights , my living room goes down to below 60 at night . I got this space heater to compensate in the mornings to quickly warm up the space . But , with this damn machine automatically deciding on it 's own to switch to the lower wattage ... it 's impossible to warm anything up quickly . . or at all for that matter !! NO MATTER WHAT YOU DO TO KEEP IT AT THE FULL WATTAGE ... IT DOES NOT WORK !!! Plus , there is no real indicator mark on the dial itself . You never know , is this where the full on setting should be ... or is it here ? Plus the directions give no indication either ... you just never know what to line any of the dials marking to . THEN , HERE 'S THE BEST PART !! In their direction packet they have a big STOP sign sheet that says , `` Do n't take this item back to where you bought it , CALL US ... here 's our 1-800 number , we 'll be glad to help and answer any questions . '' I called them for four days straight and all I ever got was an answering maching . Finally on the 5th day I left a message . I wanted someone to explain the internal workings of this machine so that I could have some control over the wattage settings . That same day I also sent them an email ... to this day I have heard NOTHING ... no phone call back , no email ... NOTHING !!! How 's that for customer support ! WAIT ... . THERE 'S MORE ... I figured , well as a last resource I can put this machine down in my basement to help keep it warm so my pipes do n't freeze -LRB- cold upstate New York winters -RRB- . Another `` feature '' of this machine is that there is what 's called a `` Snowflake '' setting , especially for use in basements . You plug it in , put it on the setting -LRB- again not really knowing where to really line the little snowflake image up to -RRB- and The machine will automatically come on when the room reaches below 41 degrees . Well , I keep a thermometer in my basement ... when I placed this heater in my basement the temp on the thermometer was 38 degrees . That means as soon as I plug the thing in , it should turn on , right ? HA !!! Fat chance !!! I stood there for 20 minutes , playing with the dial , trying to see what it did , and it did nothing ! I went downstairs about 3 times during the course of the night , and though my basement kept getting colder , the heater never came on . URRRGGGGGGHHHH ... I HATE THIS MACHINE ... DO NOT BUY THIS IF YOU WANT TO BE MASTER OF YOUR HEATING DOMAIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I purchased 3 of these heaters , one for each bedroom . I was very unhappy with them and returned all for a refund . There were two problems . First , very little heating capacity . The $ 20 space heaters from Wal-Mart I bought produced much more heat . Secondly , I had purchased these heaters because of the wall-mount feature . I thought that would be cool to have them out of the way . The problem was that the back got extremely hot -LRB- could n't even touch surface without discomfort -RRB- . I called the company and they said that it was safe , not a fire hazard . However , upon calling two people -LRB- one handyman , one person in heating department at Lowe 's -RRB- , they did say it was a fire hazard , that the drywall and wood could n't get that hot behind it . I was extremely uncomfortable mounting it to the wall because I was afraid I would burn the house down ! It just did not appear to be as safe as the company was saying it was . So I returned all three and got a refund on all of them.Sallie
 I bought this in the middle of Oct of 07 in prep for the winter . Before i turned on the furnace for the year i tried using this heater to heat my computer room since that is where most of our time is spent . We were previously using a small -LRB- about a 1 ft cube -RRB- hot air blowing space heater that sadly does a much better job heating the room than this panel heater . I can have this unit sitting 6 inches behind my chair while at my desk and I 'll STILL be cold . I left it on for a week straight thinking it may just need some time to heat the `` stuff '' in the room . It did n't work that way.I tried to see if there really was a need for the unit to be on . I did n't know if there was a certain temperature that this would work best at so i turned on the furnace and set it to 61 so it would only kick on when actually necessary . The thermostat is in the computer room and the panel unit was about 4 feet from the thermostat and my furnace still turned on.I unplugged it and turned on the small space heater . The room warmed up and the furnace did n't turn back on after 21/2 hrs.It 's the first week of Nov '07 and it 's going back . If it ca n't handle fall it surely wo n't man up in winter.Don ' t buy this heater .
 As another reviewer said , this unit does not operate as advertised . Turn the unit on and within minutes , no matter what the temperature of the room is , the heater will go into it 's ECO -LRB- Economic Energy Saving Function -RRB- mode . So it will never warm my small room quickly , for that matter , it never warms the room to a decent temperature at all . I was very disappointed with this heater and I would not recommend it to anyone .
 As others have noted , this unit 's temperature sensor is not functional . I have several of these units installed and they heat well but just ca n't control how much ! It keeps warm over night but during the day the room has reached over 85 and the heaters are still going . I finally had to use an external room temperature sensor to turn the Flat-Panels on and off . And the power switch . They put a silicone cover to keep out moisture . But it interferes with the switch . It takes some skill to finally make sure it power is on or off .
 Soleus Air HGW-308 Micathermic Flat Panel Heater -RSB- The reason we purchased 3 of these heaters was because the one we purchassed in Pa at Sam , s outlet store and are using is the greatest heater we purchased , it work , s and heats any cold spot in the room and I would rate it above 5 star , s . But the 3 we purchased that had the same model number did not come with front controls on it and the people using them said they only worked for a minute or two then shut off.It seems the control on the side of the panel that supposingly has a thermostat does not and this makes this heater useless . The one we purchased at sam , s club has a remote control and buttons on the front panel that control the temp and this kind works perfect , just stay away from the soleus heater with the side knob control .
 Set at the highest temperature , this thing could n't heat a small bathroom . Waste of money . My cats and dog love to find a warm spot in the house . They can find the smallest ray of sunshine on the floor . They think this heater is just another piece of furniture . I was tricked by the high-tech sounding `` Micathermic Heater '' . What a JOKE !!!
 MY husband and I have purchased several of the basic Riedel whisky glasses . They are wonderful -- especially for those who love their single malts . However , the Sommeliers series was four times the price for exactly the same glass -- only thinner . As a result they shatter very easily . Save your money and go with the basic line . SOmetimes less is not more .
 All these glasses offer is more lead , which - last I checked - is n't very good for you . Be assured that any fine single malt tastes exactly the same out of glasses that costs a fraction of the price . Go with regular whiskey glassware and I guarantee you wo n't know the difference -- heck , you 'll probably even live 10 years longer !
 I opened these and was a bit disappointed in them . There is a seem running down both sides of them , which makes them look really cheap . Washing them a few times , they have slight discoloration , and 2 of them have broken easily . Also , they are very very slippery . My husband and I are pro with chopsticks - having lived in Japan for 2 years , but these ones are difficult for both of us to use . I wouldnt recommend :-LRB- The only good thing about this is that the little holders are nice . And before the colors fade from washing , theyre very cute .
 I have been buying these pans about every 2 years . They were commercial weight , had very good non-stick properties and were relatively inexpensive . I was very disappointed with my recent purchase . The weight is less than 1/2 of the previous pan , the handle transmits heat rapidly -LRB- caution - you will want to put a silicone grip on it -RRB- , and it is clearly of much lower quality . Already looking for a replacement .
 This pan does what one of its type should do as far as cooking and ease of cleaning are concerned.But the insulation of the handle is unacceptable . After only a few minutes , the heat transfer to the handle made it impossible to grip without some type of padding.This , in my opinion , means that I threw away my money on this pan .
 we need a toaster-oven that actually toasts , this one is n't very good . There is no toast button , only the timer which is used for the oven . It is hard to get the timing right and it takes forever to toast because the elements are so far away . The oven feature is fine .
 Burns just about everything . I had others in the family try it too , to make sure it was n't just me , same results . As a toaster it 's poor too , may return it .
 Photo is manipulated to look vertical - look at the customer images . The unavailable Sanyo toasty was vertical , and this appears to be an attempt to misrepresent his as a substitute . Shame on you , Amazon .
 This is a piece of junk . Thermostat was about 50 degrees off of the set rate . I returned it -LRB- not easily -RRB- and will never buy another product from this company
 I wanted a toaster oven to toast waffles , bread , etc. but this is more of an oven not a toaster . You have to guess on time for toasting most of my items gets burnt . I 'm just disappointed in this product .
 Bought this for my daughter for Christmas , when we opened it to hang the stars up , I was VERY DISSAPOINTED to see how much of the &#34; tacky &#34; substance came with the stars . I made the little balls as small as I possibly could , and still only had enough to hang 1/2 of the stars in the package . Had to go out and buy more tacky myself to finish the project . Would NOT buy this again !!
 These are great little stars but the tacky putty stuff they give you as adhesive does not stick to the ceiling particularly well and there is certainly not enough of it in the package to apply to all the stars . Wish there were more of it
 Nice , well made product , but super heavy . Have n't used them but ca n't imagine using them for anything but serving . `` Handles '' are actually the `` Lip '' of the bowls . Not bowls you would grab for everyday uses like mixing or storing things .
 These stars just have glitter glued on them and do n't give the illusion of twinkling at all . Glitter is easily rubbed off .
 Non stick ? what a joke ! Not the ones I got . Also the spatula is extremely hard to clean !! Works like crap but looks good !
 I wanted a metal hook for a few doors . I ordered 3 in white . Two of the three had paint bubbles on the front of the hook that make it look cheap -LRB- which they are n't -RRB- .
 We had the same problem as the other person ; the white thread all throughout the comforter . It 's incredibly tacky looking at cheap . The third party company that sells these is horrible to work with too -LRB- if you can ever get them on the phone - they do n't return their messages -RRB- . You 'd be better off doing business with someone else .
 This item arrived and was poorer quality that presented . It had a different colored thread sewn in random places all over the top , not in the seams or in any type pattern . It was the type product you would find marked as `` defective '' in any store.Although I was very disappointed in the product , I was able to return it and received a full and timely refund . I do n't know if I was just unlucky and received a defective product , or if all of their products are of this quality .
 bought from a different site and wanted to warn buyers this item feels and looks nice except for the white stiches that keep filling intact which seem to come undone very easily , which cause the comforter to bunch up because the filling layers move around , one wash and it is ruined aswell . washed on cold and airdryed the filling layers bunch up even more ! and comforter can not be made smooth again . very disappointed because overall it looks very nice , if its just for show in a spare room guess its ok but not for every day use at all .
 The comforter does have polyester fill and a very soft top . The underside is not microfiber like many of the microsuede comforters . There was a slit in the comforter exposing the fill between a black-brown stripe where it was supposed to have been sewn . Overall , poor quality . Pillows that come with it are nice though . Would not buy if I had another chance .
 This item is a cheaply made stand . The service from this company was not good . The item took too long to get here . I called and complained with no results . The item also had some minor damage , but after trying to get it here in a timely fashion , with no luck ... I decided too not waste my time any more .
 This item arrived damaged . I have returned it . The corners of the front and back covers were cracked and smushed . The twine design on the front was coming unglued . Inner binding seemed too tight and to be the cause of tears in paper lining the inside covers . Some of the strings to hold pictures on the inner pages were too long , not tight enough for their purpose . It is a pretty design , great idea , but the materials seem too delicate for their intended use . I purchased another design at the same time that had one tear inside from the binding . I kept it because it was too late to find another replacement to use as a Christmas gift .
 The unit does not heat right . My tortillas do not turn right at 400 deg as with my other cheaper one . I bought this because I wanted more cooking area , but the unit does not perform as expected . Can I return it ? I still want a replacement , but one that performs!Sergio
