 My wife and I were making approximately 6 Americanos and 2 lattes per day . After 2 weeks of usage the machine just stopped working . Save yourself the trouble and look elsewhere .
 Pros
 This is our second Delonghi automatic espresso maker and will be our last . We had our first one for about 6 years and it worked great . This one we had for 3 months and we had trouble with the water light coming on but there was plenty of water . We took it to get serviced and they were n't able to reproduce it so we took it home and it has worked till about a month ago . This time it is at their service headquarters in New Jersey . We have been without the machine for over 3 weeks with no word on what is going on . We called several times and nobody seems to know what is going on with it . They keep telling us they will get back to us in 24 hours . We just talked to a manager and was given the same spiel.I 'm sorry , but this product only deserves one star even though it 's great when it works because Delonghi 's customer service is HORRIBLE ! I do n't care how good a product is it does n't mean crap it they do n't stand behind it and have good customer support . Especially when the product cost around $ 800 . I guess once they have your money they do n't care about you anymore . Buyer beware !!!
 First , this unit makes some of the best coffee and espresso that I have ever had and is extremely easy to use ... that is when it works . And when it does n't , do n't expect good customer service or warranty service from Delonghi.I 've been through three of these from last October to this August ... 11 months . The first unit started leaking muddy water after a few months . A call to Delonghi promised me the `` white glove treatment '' . What that means is that you wait for 1 week for them to send you an empty box so you can ship the unit from Massachusetts to California . After 6 weeks , I received the unit back broken in pieces because it was n't packed correctly . They sent me a refurbished unit after two weeks . That lasted all of a couple of months before all of the buttons stopped working . Delonghi sent another refurbished unit after another 2 weeks . This one was `` the best '' of the lot . The pump broke after one month.Into the trash its going . I 'll buy a unit from another company and one that offers service in my area so I do n't have to ship anything across the country and wait weeks for it to be fixed . Hopefully it will last longer .
 We used this machine primarily for coffee . It 's flexible for both doses of coffee and amount of water . You can also use ground coffee . That 's where the positives end.The coffee was never very hot right out of the machine ; had to use the microwave . The steam function quit after about six months . Back for service . After another few months the adjustable height coffee spigot would n't stay up any more . Finally , the pump went and just dribbled a bit of coffee out . Back for service again . It left here on Dec. 15 , ' 09 . It came back on Feb. 19 , ' 10 . I called about it in January and was told the service center was kind of busy.So , in the meanwhile , we got a Keurig . It makes a great cup of coffee and the coffee is hot ! The DeLonghi goes into the basement awaiting a future tag sale . Real waste of money .
 Our $ 900 model stopped working during the warranty period . Unlike my experience with Nespresso , which overnights a replacement loaner machine while yours is in the shop , Delonghi sent a shipping box about two weeks after my call . TWO MONTHS after shipping my machine off I called DeLonghi . I was told that customer service did not have any information on my machine , and that someone would contact me within 24-48 hours.True to form , I never received a call back . When I called a week later I was told they were &#34; waiting on a part . &#34; It has now been almost three months since I 've had a working machine.A company that treats its customers like this should n't be rewarded with further business . I 'm going back to Nespresso .
 I wanted sugar tongs , and these do the job . However , the picture of the shell head and embossed handle of the tongs is pretty on the website , but is so poorly pressed into the metal in reality that I have considered returning them . I also found shell sugar tongs at Crate and Barrel for $ 2.95 , compared to $ 7 here . These tongs are not recommended .
 I purchased these tongs for my young daughter to practice her fine motor skills -LRB- ala Montessori -RRB- . I was excited to see the little shell shape as a nice accent , but when they arrived , they were squashed flat and bent out of shape . They are very flimsy , and so they were easy to set back into place -LRB- sort of -RRB- , but you can tell that they are mass-produced and not much care is taken with their quality . Like the previous reviewer , I also recommend Crate and Barrel for a better product.It may sound picky , but , hey , they 're sugar tongs , and people who buy them have an eye for detail . Otherwise , who would purchase them ?
 Dont be fooled people , it 's just two pillowcases . I ordered it thinking i was going to get an entire bed set , but only received two pillowcases .
 Product did not arrive , even after vendor tried sending a second one . Full refund was given , so giving the vendor appreciation . Wish the product had come .
 Ok , I havent used it yet . But really disappointed with the look of it.I wanted to buy something like a centerpiece on the table.The color is also not uniform . I thought this was a bright red one . But its now . It has this small black dots all over which are not even uniform and looks ugly .
 While this coffee maker has some great features and looks great on the countertop , after just 4 months it started acting up . For no reason it would turn off . Many mornings we woke up to no coffee because the timer and clock had turned off during the night . Sometimes during a brew cycle the coffee maker would just turn itself off . Sometimes right after the brew the coffee maker would turn off and we would come into the kitchen with lukewarm coffee . After just 6 months the clock and backlight both went out and a loud sounding whistle/siren came out of this unit.For this price the coffee maker needs to go back to quality control . I did notice however , that Mr. Coffee has since improved this model with a different clock system ... with no backlight . Wonder why ??? UPDATE
 This coffee pot got the counter top so hot that I was afraid it would set the kitchen on fire , so I put it on a hot plate . After only one month of operation though , and it was still getting blistering hot , it quit making coffee . I poured the water in the top and it all ran out the bottom of the machine ! I let it completely cool off and tried again , but it did the same thing . My husband is glad I 'm taking it back -LRB- to Wal-mart -RRB- because he was afraid we 'd burn down the house !
 If you do n't like your coffee hot this is perfect for you . The model I bought is FTXSS43-2 , purchased at wall-mart , it has a small rectangular clock and no adjustable warming plate . Its barely warm right after brewing , no way you can burn your mouth after taking a big guzzle , after adding cold cream I need to microwave it or drink it cold . I do n't add that much cream either , just a little splash . I needed to add more coffee than before because I think the lower brewing temperature is not extracting the full flavor out of the beans . I wanted to like this thing because it looks really good , but why ca n't they make it brew at a higher temperature ? I had a Hamilton Beach brew station deluxe prior to this model and it made very hot coffee . I 'm taking this useless thing back , I like hot coffee . I think I will try a Cuisinart , they get great reviews .
 I 've had this coffee maker since for several years now . It was an excellent coffee maker for the first year of ownership , but unfortunately it has n't lasted as long as I would have liked.Problem 1
 i ordered this item from silver spoon store through amazon web site . i received the item in good condition ; however it did not have the presentation box . i contacted amazon who contacted the silver spoon store who answered and said that since it was a discontinued item there was no box available . i had informed them that if no box was available , i did not want the item . they promised to send me a return label which they did . i have sent it back to them by ups . i was disappointed , not so much by amazon or the silver spoon store ; just disappointed that i could not get that which i expected . i will continue to use amazon for much of my on line shopping .
 This is now the second time I 've ordered something new from Amazon and received the purchased item in less than new condition . If items are advertised as new they should arrive as such . I have collected these from the beginning and I know the box conditions as well as the charm with the bow does n't arrive looking like it 's been untied and tied again . The pamphlet which comes inside should be crisp not wrinkled . The box itself is completely damaged to the point where it is taped on the corner and the hinge does n't even close properly . The flute itself arrived with the etching face down which is n't how they arrive and it appears someone forcefully removed the flute at some point to rip the edges where it fits in . I 'm very disappointed with my purchase again and would certainly hesitate to order from Amazon for `` new '' products if they continue to arrive in defective condition . This looks like someone had it in their attic and/or garage and decided to re-sell it . Please see atttached photographs .
 I ordered this for a Christmas gift . The wrong items was sent to the receiver and I contacted the company after the holidays . Well the long and the short of it is that it still has not been received . I recently sent them an e-mail which has gone unanswered . No one is there on Fridays . I called during the week and got a message that they close at 3:30 PM etc. . Today their machine said that they are there from 10-6 on Monday thru Thur . I 'll see what Monday brings . I am very disappointed with this whole deal .
 I am been pretty disappointed - the `` spout '' is like one of the other reads said really nothing much more than a gimmick - the idea is good , but the quality is poor so this drips even after turning `` off '' the spout ... . I have to agree with this comment and since I purchased it to use at my Bar I have to say it does blend wonderful and you could use with out the spout . It makes really good Margarita 's and to help pour you have to put it on low blend and pour at the same time this helps push it out . The dispenser TAP is Plastic and does not have enough pressure on it to stop the pour . I have a really cheap blender that does a better job .
 This item broke the very first time I used it . When I pushed the spigot back to release the drink the handle broke off , and you could see it was attached by a very cheap , weak piece of plastic .
 The `` brushed chrome '' is plastic . The spout leaks , and the motor burned out in one week . On top of that the store where I purchased it , Kitchen Kapers would n't let me return it saying it was n't designed for drinks that require crushing ice . Why then do some of the recipes in the manual call for ice cubes ?
 This thing is a piece of junk ! It 's the only blender I 've ever seen that comes with a `` stir stick '' to unclog the sides of the jar -LRB- where the stuff all goes instead of into the blades -RRB- . This should have been a clue that the thing was n't very well designed , and it was n't . It ALWAYS needed to be stirred when making any kind of smoothie , several times , which made the process a real pain . Also , the drain spout is a great place for food to hide and get nasty . Except for the jar it 's pretty cheap plastic . But it 's in the trash now because the couleing fried itself after two months . Good riddance !
 From the moment I opened the box , this blender was useless . I used it about 5 times and the motor burned out . Cuisinart replaced the base under warranty . I have probably used it , in it 's whole life , about 20 times and now the locking base is cracked ... They want over $ 30 for the $ 0.75 piece of plastic ! It 's ludicrous , now this $ 100 blender is completely useless to me . Plus , when I did use it , it just did n't work well , would n't help me make a smoothie in the morning without a fuss every time . Do n't waste your money ... Buy a Walmart $ 10 blender , at least it wo n't matter if it does n't work after a year !
 I did n't buy from Amazon . I blend smoothies every morning and this little fella just could n't keep up . I took it apart and found that plastic pieces had broken and screws were stripped out , guess it could n't take daily wear and tear . Worked well for a while .
 I use this blender every morning and the last morning it was used it filled my kitchen with smoke and had fire shooting out of it and small pieces of rubber , plastic , and metal were all over my kitchen counter , also cleaning is a huge pain and the seal is always letting the blender leak out liquid from the base . So this is why it gets one star .
 This thing is horrible.The first time I used it , I had to constantly stir it with the provided stir stick for it to blend properly.The spout did n't work at all , maybe if you blended water , but why would you blend water?When it came to cleaning , it was horrible to clean . You could n't effectively clean the bottom of it , or the spout.Plus when I was using the pulse setting , there was a rancid smell coming from the motor.The 2nd time I used it , I used it for about 5 seconds then a bunch of smoke came out of it . I quickly turned it off , and there was a bunch of burnt plastic . The machine did n't work anymore after that.I bought it locally , so I returned it and got a refund . The customer service person said I was atleast the 4th person that brought it back because of something wrong with it -LRB- this is a very small town with maybe 5000 people -RRB- They then pulled all of it off their shelf and ceased to sell it .
 We were disappointed in this blender and returned it . The blender is not , as the description says , `` brushed chrome '' - it 's plastic . The `` stainless '' accents are plastic , as well . The only chrome or stainless is on the faceplate , where the embossed logo appears . So , the construction is quite flimsy , especially for a high use item from a well-known brand.In addition , the motor seemed to strain on the lowest setting , and gave off an unpleasant odor . Finally , the shape and size are cumbersome and not easy to clean or store in the fridge.Overall , we were surprised at the low quality from a well-known brand , and returned it immediately .
 I bought this blender/smoothie maker about a year and a half ago . Although i do like the spout feature , the problems have been many
 As the title says , I was pleased with the powerfulness of this blender , but the special cavitator part in the bottom is next to impossible to clean . It takes about 10 gallons of water to flush out most of the stuff , and you might still have a few chunks left in there . Who knows though because you ca n't see in .
 I have been pretty disappointed - the `` spout '' is really nothing much more than a gimmick - the idea is good , but the quality is poor so this drips even after turning `` off '' the spout ... . Cleaning is very difficult as some of the pieces do n't come apart ... . Surely there have to be better quality units at the same price point .
 yes i bought this fry pan with to much expectations since it sticks no matter what i cook . it does clen up but you always need to let it cool prior to cleaning so it want ruin the pan . you be the judge sticks and leaves a unsightly white stain .
 I bought this clock because I sorted on best avg customer review . I do n't know why the high reviews - the shortcomings of the clock are in the reviews . Setting via the atomic clock did not work at all -LRB- one of the other reviews noted the same but said its ok because they set the clock 5 minutes ahead -RRB- . As another reviewer noted - the clock drifted - yup . Another wrote the alarm was not loud . I think that summed up my experience ; the clock does not set , its not accurate , and the alarm is not good . I bought it to be a self setting accurate alarm clock that would wake me up . I will add a new comment , the clock looks like it is straight out of the Jetsons , and its big , that might be attractive to you , but to me it was scary . I am glad Amazon has a great return policy .
 First , the clock does n't have the nice black face with lit up digits , it has a BIG blue screen blasting right in your face , with black digits . Second , mine did n't work at all , completely DOA ! It shows all the digits , turns to garble then goes completely blank . Its then my responsibility to not only send the POS to the manufacturer , but I have to include a check for return postage ! Cheap construction . Ca n't tell what the crescendo alarm is , as it does n't work !
 Well , as the title says , this cub is not in Germany and Luxembourg as the description claims . When I opened it the package said Indonesia . The only reason I 'd pay this price for a cup this small -LRB- and it is small -RRB- is if it was really made where it said it was . Needless to say , the package is going back to Amazon .
 I bought the Chocolate Factory for my daughter for her birthday , and I am very disappointed in it . It is very cheaply made . The double boiler is tiny and the edges are rough . The molds are very flimsy . If you need to move a mold after filling it , be sure to place it on a cookie sheet before filling it . The ladle was already broken when we opened the box .
 I bought 3 of these boards , in different sizes , about 4 months ago . I have since thrown out 2 of them and replaced them with equivalent size bamboo boards that are more expensive but so much more worth the price . I had two essential problems with the gripper boards . First , when I washed them in the dishwasher , they warped and no longer sat flat on the counter . The warping was n't so bad that I could n't use them , but still it was a disappointment , especially since I was under the impression that these were dishwasher safe . The second problem , by far the worst , was that the boards are soft and my sharp knive cut into them . Not only did I have cuts , but the cuts retained traces of the foods I cut even after I put them through the dishwasher -- in one case twice . Since I do a lot of vegetables , there were nasty green streaks retained in the boards after only a few months of use . I certainly did n't trust that the board I used to cut chicken was sanitary even after it went through the dishwasher . I still have the small bar board , but I figure this has lasted longer because I only use it for cutting lemon and limes . The bigger boards just had to go ! A waste of money . The bamboo boards I replaced them with are a joy to use and only require a quick swipe with a soapy sponge to clean .
 Mine warped after a few runs through the dishwasher . I great idea , but bad execution . I loved it while it was n't warped . Now , I use cheap white plastic cutting boards from a restaurant supply store , with a damp dish towel underneath to prevent slippage . These cheapo restaurant supply store cutting boards have never warped in my dishwasher , and cost me a lot less .
 I have been searching for a good cutting board for a while and I own 3 other boards -LRB- wood , glass and plastic -RRB- . I was hoping that I would use this only for cutting raw meat , but after couple uses , the board was covered with rough cuts marks . I do n't think it will affect the functionality but I am concerned with the plastic residue that might end up in my food . I guess I just have to wash the meat after I finish cutting it . A little disappointed !
 It is true that these boards come warped from the factory - concave on the cutting side . I found that heating up the board on the cutting side with hot running water makes it expand and actually invert the warp , but it switches back when cooled . Probably due to the different parts being fused together to make the single board . This makes cutting difficult in two ways :1 -RRB- with a concave cutting surface , long flat knives -LRB- such as slicers or bread knives -RRB- wo n't cut all the way through to the board in the middle2 -RRB- The non-slip surface is only touching in the center , and the board pivots easily on the counter topAdditionally , the board does cut very easily with sharp knives , and it appears impossible to get food staining out of the cuts.Bright side is that placing in the dishwasher does n't make the warping any worse .
 This cutting board does not lie flat on the counter and therefor it is not actually non skid as it is advertised . I could spin the board with one tap to the corner . I bought two and promptly returned them both . Not a safe item at all .
 We ordered this because my son wanted an RC truck . The picture in the ad looks like a cool RC truck but what came in mail is a clear plastic cover for an RC truck . The picture in the ad is not what is being sold . Needless to say I am returning the plastic cover and seeking a refund .
 The bench looks nice but is made poorly . When putting it together the screw heads snapped and we can not get the replacement screws anywhere . We again called the customer service number enclosed and no one calls back . The bench is also weak , it bend when my two young sons sit on it .
 Easy to put together , but one of the screws broke and after multiple calls and emails , I still ca n't get a replacement screw . With just the one screw missing , the bench is constantly falling apart and is completely unsafe around children . I wish I never bought this !
 This pizza stone is one big disappointment . I previously had a Sassafras Pizza Stone -LRB- for nearly 20 years until it finally cracked -RRB- which was fantastic . It cooked the pizza perfectly and browned the crust evenly . This new pizza stone -LRB- purchased a few months ago and which is not made of the same material -RRB- leaves the crust soggy . Obviously , whatever materials it is made from does NOT conduct the heat properly or in the same way as the old pizza stone . I say this with the experience of making several pizzas on it . The only way I can get a browned crust is to remove slices from the stone after baking , and put them in a heated frying pan for 3-4 minutes.Save yourself the money on wasted ingredients and a terrible dinner . It does n't even deserve a one-star rating .
 Large piece of the stone broke off while in the oven during it 's second use !
 this bread stone made some of the best bread and pizza I ever ate ... for four hours ... we cooled and washed and dried according to instructions and it broke with no scrubbing and just warm water in the sink . some present I give to my husband if it breaks right after he uses it twice . MAYN ! this stinks . they better not all be like this . I 'll try another right away . this ca n't be right .
 Good luck - better have some serious counter protection when this 500 degree rock comes out of the oven . I could have bought 1 24 '' inch floor tile for 2 bucks - same thing .
 Came as ordered in working condition . So I stuck it in the oven and tried to make a pizza on it . As soon as the pizza dough hit the stone it cracked into 3 pieces . Save your money and go to Home Depot and pick up some unglazed tiles . Do n't bother with this .
 I received this baking stone as a gift in February - it worked well for just under 2 months , though it discolored fast . But then it cracked into pieces one day after I removed it from the oven . Surely there must be more reliable products ?? Sassafras Rectangular Baking Stone
 I received this baking stone as a gift that I had requested after reviewing many of the baking stones . It seemed the most useful for the cost . I followed the directions , put oil and cornmeal on it and heated it in my oven . Almost immediately the oven began smoking . We opened the oven and had to open all of the windows in the house due to the smoke . We took it out and placed it on a metal pan and within 2 minutes , it broke in half . Needless to say , it was a terrible investment .
 I ca n't say how I like it because they shipped it with inadequate packaging and I received it broke . I called customer service and I asked them if I had to go thru the expense of shipping back something broken and heavy . He said no and that a replacement would be sent.Now I get an email after it has shipped telling me I must return the item within 30 days or my credit card will be charged . Since I threw it out I ca n't ship it back . There is no email address to tell them this and to tell them if they charge my card I will report them to Mastercard . Anyone have an email address for customer service ? I guess I would n't recommend buying from this source since the stone is fragile to begin with . You will have to pay to ship back to get one that may or may not be broke .
 I have other Wilton Armetale Flutes and Pearls pieces and they are absolutely lovely and made in America . This set is made in China and not at all the same quality . Check the Wilton Amertale website and they no longer say everything is handcrafted in America . Too bad . I will not take the risk of using this for food .
 The tray is cheap plastic ! It is definitely inferior to the dishes . Do n't waste your money .
 I have had 3 stones like this that I bought at a store - I loved them , but they eventually break due to my own fault . Since I could not find it in the store anymore , I ordered it online . Disappointingly , it came in a plain brown box like bulk packaging and the stone did not look near the quality of the old one . I did not try it however , and sent it straight back . The Sassafras stones used to come in a nice box etc. - the way this was packaged make me think they just sold their name to someone who markets it cheaply through Amazon . Also , no longer made in the U.S. and with concerns about lead etc. in pottery made me question the source of the clay in this whole strange arrangement .
 THIS DISH IS NOT 2 '' s high !!!! CAUTION , CAUTION , CAUTION !!!! I am fed up with Amazon because their description of their products is not accurate more frequently and when sending an item back that is clearly not what they advertise it to be , it ' like pulling teeth to get shipping charges refunded . This dish has an inside diameter of 10 and 1/2 `` s by 1 and 7/16th '' s deep . The outside diameter is 11 's as advertised but the height is only 1 and 7/8 '' s and not the 2 '' s that they advertise -LRB- here 's what I cut and pasted from their description -RRB-
 This baker does heat evenly . It works well for bakingfrozen bread and pastries . Pizza crusts crisp well.I like how the rim protects against pizza sauce spillsin my oven . So far there are no cracks or chips.However , after one use there was discolorationon the surface . I told myself that it added `` character `` to the baker , that I was not `` obsessive '' like Detective Monkon T. V. about spots . However , after ten uses , the discolorations have spread and deepened.Personally , it bothers me.You decide !
 Made in Taiwan . Not impressed , since this is the company that made Pampered Chef stones . Expected it to be made in the USA . I never even used it , sent it back .
 I received the knives and they arrived RUSTED in the package . They are also flimsy and very thin . To top it off , the picture shown is NOT the picture of the actual item . The actual knives are SERRATED , not the flat blade that the picture shows . I 'm retuning these and buying what the actual picture is for , for the Chicago Cutlery FORUM steak knives .
 I was very disappointed with these knives because they got rust spots . Upon calling customer service , I was told the knives were not dishwasher safe and should be washed and dried promptly after use .
 We had this item on our wedding registry and were very surprised when it showed up -- it 's definitely not a pitcher . Be sure to look at the dimensions because you 'd be lucky to serve more than a single glass of any beverage . It might be handy to use to serve sauces or gravy but for those purposes I would want a tray underneath . We returned ours because we could n't figure out what to use it for and purchased a reasonably sized water pitcher instead .
 My husband and I received this coffeepot as a wedding gift -LRB- we placed almost the whole Twist Alea Limone collection in our registry -RRB- . While we received this gift last year , we had not used it , saving it for a special occasion . A couple of days ago , I decided to use the coffeepot for the very first time . As I poured freshly brewed coffee inside the coffeepot , it cracked from the inside out . Considering the coffeepot was previously at room temperature and it 's currently quite hot where we live , there is no possibility of a temperature shock leading to a potential crack in china . My husband and I were very disappointed with this , as we were expecting the Villeroy Boch china to be of high quality , and a coffeepot should be made so as to resist hot/warm temperatures . While the rest of our Twist Alea Limone collection has not displayed similar characteristic -LRB- we 've used the plates and serving dishes on two occasions now -RRB- , I do not recommend this coffeepot .
 This product was not well made for the price charged . I would have expected a heavier gauge pan to start . This is no heavier than some of my cheap pans . Unlike most spring-form pans , the bottom does not fit into a groove in the side . The side is simply turned over and there is a gap where the seam meets the bottom . Result - a leak . One other annoyance is that the label was adhered with glue that would not soak off or scrape off with a wooden spoon . I had to resort to a solvent to remove the residue . A lot of manufacturers are going with a type which easily rubs off , almost in a roll . If you 're interested in a small cake pan , there are better choices .
 The pan was functional but so cheaply made it easliy bends out of shape . A cheaply made pan compared to the similar pans I bought at the grocery store . I bought this pan because I could n't get a 12 inch anywhere else .
 This is the most terrible cheesecake pan I have ever seen ! I ordered it and I 'm in the process of returning it . The outside does not fit properly around the base , so when you fill it with water it leaks like a freaking faucet . This is not a drip sort of a leak , this is a steady stream . I even have to pay for the shipping to send it back . I am extremely angry .
 I ordered the 11-1/2 inch Le Creuset Stoneware baking dish , and when I received it , the dish is only 10-1/2 inches and says so on the label . Not happy .
 When Jonas at age 12 receives the assignment of ` Receiver of memories ' he learns more about his society of sameness than he cares to . As a Teacher I found this book troubling that schools would sanction the reading of ` The Giver ' for anything less than 8th grade . The book talks about ` releasing ' people and if you have the misfortune of reading it , as you can guess , it equates to euthanasia . I read it before my son 's 6th grade class completed the book due to a newspaper article I had read 3 years ago.My son has had nightmares ever since . He does not understand why someone would write a book like this . Although there are some redeeming qualities about ` sameness ' this is a book I would not recommend in any capacity .
 THIS BOOK SUCKS !!! HOW DID IT WIN A NEWBERRY ?!?! IT HAS A CRAP ALL ENDING , AND A CRAP ALL MIDDLE , AND A CRAP ALL BEGINNING !!!! THIS BOOK SHOULD BE BURNT IN MASS QUANTITIES !!!! This book makes me a sad panda .
 The book is very good to sommeone that cares to read books . But I am not a big reader so I did n't understand it . I bet it would have been a good book if I had had time to realy sit down and read it but I nerver had time to do that so it was n't able to get to understand ...
 The title of this book is The Giver by Lois Lowry . I think that this book was written for younger kids because I 'm 15 years old and I did not like it at all.This book is about a kid that lives in some society that is made up . The kid is waiting to turn 12 for this special meeting , to go see the giver . So he sees the giver and runs away.I do not read many books unless I am forced to read them for school . And this book is different then the other 2 books I remember reading because , it is a whole different type of book.I did not like this book at all . I would not recommend this book to anyone even if it is there grade level because it puts false thoughts in people 's heads . This is what I think and nothing is going to change that .
 This book is horrible . I read it in reading class at school . It is not thrilling , to me it is boring , and the plot is just plain shot . It is about a boy named Jonas who was picked at the age of twelve to be the new Giver . Come on now , who 's society picks your job at the tender age of twelve ? Do n't waste your money on this book , but if you 're curious about it because of my review , I advise that you check this piece of crap out from the library .
 I think that this book is SO boring ! If you get past the first chapter and like it you are just plain ODD !
 I gave this book a one because some of the ideals in the book are different from my personal beliefs , for instance when the newborn twins were weighed and one was killed because weight was less .
 THIS BOOK IS CERTAINLY NOT WHAT ANY CHILD SHOULD BE READING ! I WAS SHOCKED TO SEE SOME OF THE THINGS WRITTEN IN A KIDS BOOK . I HAVE COMPLAINED TO MY CHILD 'S SCHOOL ABOUT THIS AND I PRAY THAT PARENTS WILL LOOK AT THIS BEFORE THEY LET THEIR CHILD READ IT ! CHILDREN DO NOT NEED TO READ IN DETAIL HOW JONAS ' FATHER KILLED A BABY . THIS IS NOT ENTERTAINING ! WE WORRY SO MUCH ABOUT VIOLENCE AND TRASH AND THEN WE GIVE THIS BOOK TO OUR KIDS TO READ FOR A GRADE ! IF YOU THINK THIS BOOK IS GOOD , I FEEL SORRY FOR YOU . MAYBE YOU SHOULD EXAMINE YOURSELF . HOW COULD THIS HAVE WON AN NEWBERY AWARD ! PLEASE , IF THERE ARE CHILDREN 'S AUTHORS READING THIS , P L E A S E! WRITE SOME HAPPY AND ENCOURAGING STORIES FOR OUR KIDS TO READ AND ENJOY !
 `` The Giver '' is as troubling as Jackson 's short story , `` The Lottery . '' I do not recommend this book for minors of any age
 I HATED THIS BOOK !!! When I was in fifth grade , my teacher read this book to us , and I did n't like it then . Now , as a sixth grader going into seventh , I had to read it again for summer reading . I thought reading it again would help me like it better , but I still dislike it now . I reccomend this book to NO ONE , unless you want to be bored out of your minds . And if you have to read it for school , like me , get it from the library . Do n't waste your money on this book .
 I think The Giver was a dumb book . The Giver was a boring bookand it had no points and it had a bad ending . The book was not a kidsbook but it would be a good book for old people or boring people who like to read .
 I would have to say this book is one of THE worst books I 've ever read ! It was totally ridiculous and I hated the ending -LRB- If you could call it that . -RRB- I felt like throwing the book across the room when I got done reading it . TERRIBLE ! TERRIBLE ! TERRIBLE ! I Loved Number The Stars but this piece of trash does n't even come close ! I 'm glad I did n't buy this -LRB- got it from school library . -RRB- I would have been VERY mad if I did . Do n't waste your time with this one !
 It showed the , definetly , unrealistic life of a boy in a weird world that was confusing .
 This book is teribal !!!!! I read it because I had to not because I wanted to . I would not have chosen this to read eventhough I am always reading . I do not recomend this book . A lot of my friends hate it too . We were talking about utopia -LRB- a perfect place -RRB- Our teacher thought that the place in this book was an exaple of a utopia . I dissagree . They kill people with shots if there are too many or if they are too old . They ca n't see color . It is stupid . When I first started reading this book it seemed boring . After a few chapters it was pretty good for a little while . Then it kept getting worse and worse . The ending seemed like the author got tired of writing so she just wrote any thing . I ca n't belive this book has been published . I think the people that gave this book the award picked a random . It does not deserve it . I think the people who like this book are crazy.This book could be improved . The subject is ok . If a lot more detail was added and color then it would be better . The book seams only half done . The ending should be changed.I do not recomend this book to anyone . The ending is just Jonas standing on a hill.DON ' T READ IT !!!!!!!!!!!!
 Really most people would like this book , but personally I think the author did n't go into enough detail on how the society * It was a completely socialistic society * was created , how they made it so people could n't see color , and other such things . It was creative , but not in very much detail , and I would recommend this to most people , but not to the one 's like me who like to see how -LRB- In the writer 's opinion -RRB- these things would be done .
 This book really did n't have a meaning to me . The ending sucked . You could n't tell what happened . You should put in a better meaning to the end of the book . The book was very stupid also . It was very not meaningful .
 For the incapable of coping - ignoring the following warning will only save you from reading this book : *** THIS POST CONTAINS SPOILERS *** The nasal and flat characters of this story . The very life , color , emotion was drained out of each of them . I know , that was the point . They gave up these things so that they could have `` better '' lives.The `` 1984 '' meets `` Logan 's Run '' atmosphere permeated the entire turning of events . No end in sight . Although I pictured mostly the cheesy outfits of the `` Logan 's Run '' movie . The `` precision of speech '' and the absolute droning manner of the dialogue continued to wear me down . Things like `` comfort object '' `` requisition of ... '' `` bicycle port '' after being said a few times I tuned them out completely.I could predict what the next words were going to be throughout the story - so consistent was the dialogue . I knew what `` release '' was from the start . I was n't surprised to learn it was death.The whole numbering thing , the age and numbering thing , the numbering age and dress and social thing . I got it - I understood the point , but the author would beat every example into the ground - as if I might have forgotten . It was monotonous.I know , that was the point.Then Jonas meets the Giver - and I think - AHA ! Here 's the answer ! And then the memories come and I think - AHA ! Here it comes ! But Jonas flees with Gabriel and they drift off into the eternal snows - `` or maybe it was just an echo . `` So 1 -RRB- Did they die ? 2 -RRB- Did they find `` elsewhere '' ? 3 -RRB- Was Jonas just playing make-believe the whole time?It was like one of those movies that after sitting through the whole thing the main character wakes up from a dream . It left me feeling cheated.And then I saw it was written in 1993 - I could have almost forgiven the book if it came from an earlier era - the ' 50 's or ' 60 's I could have almost forgiven it ... almost .
 I decide I agree and share the same feelings with most of 1-star reviews . The book is on slow pace and colorless mode -LRB- like its community -RRB- until the last few chapters . The ending is stunning , but not in a good way . It is left uncleared of what actually happened to Jonas and Gabriel . In my perception , they died . The ending is sad and disturbing , even for adults like me . Defenitely not a book for children . I regret buying and reading this book . If you ask me , `` Holes '' is much worth reading and my recommendation .
 I bought this based on all the positive reviews and the fact it was a Newberry Medal winner . However , after reading it , I 'm not sure I really trust the judgement of the Newberry Medal now . As one of the negative reviews I read mentioned , any book that portrays a society nonchalantly ` releasing ' newborn infants to maintain the order of things should not be a ` children 's ' book . There are other young adult books that depict this type of apocalyptic society just fine without resorting to that level of monstrosity . I did not feel enlightened at all upon finishing the book ... just depressed and sorry I wasted my time and money .
 THIS BOOK WAS LONG AND BORING . I DONT KNOW HOWTHIS BOOK WON AN AWARD ! IT SUCKED ! EVERYONE I ASKEDSAID IT SUCKED TO . WHATS SO GOOD ABOUT A KID WHO ISCHOOSEN TO GO TO THIS OLD GUY SO THEY HAVE MEMORIES.THEY TOWNS SO STUPID THEY HAVE CLIMATE CONTROL!THERE TOWN IS COMMUNIST I 'D SAY.MY REAL RATING IS A -10 ! I DONT RECOMEND THIS BOOK TO ANYONE !!!!
 I loved this book , until the last page . It was black and unreadable . How horrible is it to get a book you love and not know how it ends ?
 This book was so dissapionting . The worst book that i have ever read . I would n't reccomend it to anyone . It is so weird and none of it really is exciting . The kids in the town are assigned to their parents and there job how dumb if you ask me . None of the people could seee color , i mean come on people that is ridiculous . Little babies get killed by people who 's jobs are to inject them with a needle so that they can die , how harsh is that . The people in the book ca n't taste or do anything , it is soo weird . PLEASE DONT READ THIS . I HATE THIS BOOK FOR THE 100TH TIME . It never says what they do in the end it is completely dumb.ZAMBONI
 It was awful ! I DO NOT recommend anyone read it . Maybe some people would like it , but not me . I kept reading it , hoping it would get good , but it just got worse . And the worst part about it was that at the end , I seriously felt like the book had somehow taken something from me . And I do n't mean just my time . Now I 'm just trying to get it out of my head . It had the potential to be really interesting , but I just do n't think it quite got there . Someone said it was rushed at the end . I agree . It felt like the author just kind of gave up . I was hoping that the novel would redeem itself somehow , but no such luck . I would be horrified if my child were required to read this in school . I do n't believe in censorship , but it should n't be required reading . The reading level may be for younger readers , but certainly not the topics discussed in the book . What were the Newbery people thinking ?!
 Hello ladys and gentleman , we are here to say to that the book is very boring for us ... . We have read the first two chapters , and we do n't understand the whole story ... We do n't like the story ... it 's boring . But if you like it it 's ok ... we see ...
 I 'm not sure what lesson the author intended but I would n't want my children to read this book . Better that they should read Heinlein .
 Lowry examines the idea that people might freely choose to give up their humanity in order to create a more stable society . Gradually the 12 year old boy , Jonas learns just how costly this ordered and pain-free society can be , and boldly decides he can not pay the price.Parents should be cautioned it has detailed murder of an infant and any sane minded parent should not let their children read such a disturbing story I as an adult was shaken by the contents of this book and makes me wonder how Newbery awards are granted ?????
 This book is about a 12 year old kid named Jonas . He lives in a world were they are trying to create peace everywhere , where there is no criminals or poor . Every family is perfect with two children . when the kids turn 12 the get a job that suites them the best . Older people teach them about how to do thier job correctlly , Jonas happens to get the giver , who knows things about the past that Jonas doesnt know . Everyone lives in the perfect happy world of our dreams.THE GIVER is written by Lois Lowry . It 's a fictional book . i didnt like this book because it didnt make any sense realy to me and the parts that did i thought that they were dumb . I think this book is best suited for people who love to read or read a book every day , unlike me.that is my book review on THE GIVER .
 IT IS ABOUT A KID NAMED JONAS AND AN OLD GUY WHO GIVES JONAS BAD MEMORIES . THE ENDING IS SO WEIRD . THE BOOK MAKES YOU THINK TOO HARD . IT IS BAD .
 This book is not good at all . It is very boring and really does n't have a storyline and it seems too fake to think that it is anything close to the real world that we live in . The characters are always perfect and always become the same people in the inside . The people in this book can not choose their future , which is not fair . The book gets very boring after like the first chapter . I do not recommend this book .
 The book was tollerable and even enjoyable until the conclusion . The book falls apart at the end . If you want a true , classic and socially enlightening book , then read THE SCARLET LETTER by Hawthorne . Lowry 's weak attempts at making the boy Christlike include
 After reading some of your reviews I 've come to the conclusion that I 'm one out of a few people that dislike this book . I read this in grade five and I 'm now in grade eight and I still remember that terrible part where those two twins were born and the smaller one had a needle stuck in the top of his head . I 'm sorry but I found it revolting that abook that is reccomended for children would contain such terrible things .
 The Giver was not an example of good literature . It was confusing , and it had to many unanswered questions . Also , it was difficult to understand . The Giver was confusing because when she had the characters speak , it was hard to follow who was speaking . Also I think that the end was confusing as well because no one knows what happens . It 's one of the many unanswered questions that could easily be answered ; she never cleared it up so you do n't know what happens to Jonas at the end of the story . It was confusing because when the Giver speaks about Rosemary and why she applied for a release it gets confusing because you ca n't tell weather they are flashing back to the past , or the present . `` One for here , one for else where . '' Lily chanted . The quote was hard to understand because when she was talking about it , we do n't know whether she meant for one of them or the twins that were being brought into the community . All in all , I think that The Giver was not good literature .
 The idea behind The Giver is clearly a unique perspective on things . It is the type of book where , you are placed in the middle of a totally different area , and you are left to figure out how it works . Gradually , you learn more and more , and things you thought were obviously true , were n't . However , there are some things in this book that are unacceptable . For instance , this society is very complex , and yet , there was still only one active plot throughout the entire book . There was not a single scene that did not contain the main character . This book has the potential to be alot more entertaining to read , if it were to have more subplots . Also , the book is very simply written when it comes to the grammar and choice of vocabulary , thus , you do not have to be `` mature '' to understand this book at all .
 Some of the characteristics of good literature that were not present in this novel are believable characters , relation to my life , and most of all a surprise ending . This text is considered under par based on the absences of these three traits . First . the characters are so different from people in this time , that they are not believable to me . Also , this story does not at all relate to my life because I do not live that way , and I have no idea what living in a Socialist type of government would be like . Finally , there is no ending that is unexpected at all . `` Downward , downward . Faster and faster . Suddenly he was aware with certainty and joy that down below that they were waiting for him ; and they were waiting for the baby . '' It closes with Jonas sliding down the familiar hill from the memory he had received . It 's very subtle , and not very exciting or surprising at all . It does n't answer any questions , does n't provide the reader with any closure , and it was written this way because the author ran out of ideas . This is not very good literature because the characters are not believable , there is no relation to people in this time , and the ending is atrocious.And it 's worse than the remake of Poseidon Adventure .
 The Giver was an ok book . It is a long read , but left you with a cliff hanger after every chapter . It kept me thinking the whole entire book . It was a little confusing and a not so good book .
 After reading the giver I found it to be disappointing . It was gory , violent , and confusing at some parts . And then at the end it left much of the original plot unexplained . But at that , there were a few good parts . It 's an okay book but I would not recommend It . But hey as the reader that 's YOUR choice .
 InThe Giver by Louis Lowery the main character in the book is Jonas lives in a perfect world and becomes the new reciever and tries to escape . It is set in a world that tries to have perfect community . In the book the main conflict is that the community tries to be perfect and jonas does ` nt like it . It is a dystopia world because it is a disaster , but they are trying to make it a utopia . Even though the book won a Newberry medal I do n't think this is a good book because it is boring and makes no sense . I suggest no one reads it .
 I 've read this book twice now , about three years apart . I did n't care for it then , and I do n't care for it now . Although a somewhat interesting general plot , I never felt the urge to `` find out what happened next . '' I do n't know why this book is hailed as one of the greatest books ever written , a modern classic . The characters seemed dull and one-dimesional . The plot , although unique in some ways , just seemed mashed together from several different stories written before . I do understand this is a children 's book , though I do not see what everybody sees in this below average exploration in dystopias and human nature.For books about dystopias and human nature , I suggest reading more interesting novels such as 1984 , Brave New World , A Clockwork Orange , the Dune Chronicles , One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest , Bonfire of the Vanities , Mother Night , etc. . For some good short stories , read Harrison Bergeron , Those Who Walk Away From Omelas , The Veldt , and others.Rating - 2 stars - You can pass this one up .
 I did not like this book very much because well it did not makesence to me because well it was not a good book . I would not reccomendit to anyone no matter what because well i think they will not like it . I did not like the ending it just ended and it did not make sence to me . I liked how they decribed the community and how they decribed the memories Jonas recived and the memories Giver had of his past and other things like that . I liked Asher Jonas 's bestfriend and Fioena too and i liked how they decribed Gabe in the book and how they decribed Gabes eyes how Gabe looked a little like Jonas . The other characters in the book were Lilly and mother and father and the old people that Jonas knew and the commity of elders and every one that he knew .
 Maybe the best book I 've ever read in my life ... until it reaches the ending . The most dissapointing feeling i ever had in my life as a reader was getting to the point of the book where i was in love with it and realizing that there were 15-20 pages left in which what i felt was the beginning of the book would have to be ended.It was criminal . The most ungodly ending i have ever read ruined a piece of literal art . It almost seemed as if Lowry just got to a point in the book where she just got bored with the book and looked to end it . It was like ending Romeo and Juliet with the families reconciling and the two living happily ever after . Killed the book altogether and I 'm furious that i was robbed of a possible legendary novel and a reading experience by an ending that just seemed effortless , giving up on an amazing concept . Sad almost .
 One of the best books I 've ever read . A quick read but you ca n't put it down anyway . It is fairy-tale , Brave New World re-visited , and profound moral proclamation all in one . Lowry wants you to use your imagination at the end . At first I did n't like this . I wanted something more real . In retrospect , however , I 've come to see that there is no room for reality and , at the same time , room for much , much more .
 This is a book I really * wanted * to like . It 's generally well-written , it 's a widely-banned book , and deals with really incredible themes -LRB- is a society flawed if people are happy in it , the relationship of memory and emotion , & c. -RRB- . In fact , the beginning and middle of the book are incredible -- as is the very ending -- Lowry brilliantly shows us a utopia/dystopia -LRB- the readers have to decide which they think it really is -RRB- and its effects . However , getting from the brilliant middle to the brilliant last page is a chore -- after setting up a psychologically compelling picture of two people 's struggles with the world they live in , the book turns into what I can only describe as a low-key adventure novel . It 's almost as if Lowry decided that continuing to write with the attention given the first three-quarters of the book would make it too long for the format , so a few shortcuts -LRB- having certain characters act in decidedly odd ways , essentially eliminating all dialogue -RRB- had to be taken -- and it 's a real pity , because the book had the potential to be a 4 - or 5-star novel .
 Censorship represents the amount of confidence a society feels . When a society feels threatened they will attack the ideas in books before the ideas attack the society . The Giver by Lois Lowry is number 14 on a list of 100 books that were reported by the American Library Association to be the most frequently challenged books from 1990-1999 . Some of the books this list should be banned , but some of them are not that bad . The giver stresses that a perfect world is one without books for enjoyment . This book also has some suggestive material that I felt was very scary . In conclusion , books are n't great for all readers .
 The book didnt realy keep my atention . There were some good parts to it though , like the dream he had about fiona . This isnt realy my kind of book , I like adventure type books that have to do with the outdoors . Overall I give it a two .
 The Giver is a pretty good book to read . I recommend it for advanced readers so that they understand it . It is about a boy named Jonas who has an important job . He is the Reciever of Memory . Jonas recieves memories that his Community never saw . There are a few things that the Community does n't have that Jonas saw before . There is one bad part . The book describes a release . Overall , The Giver is an okay book .
 The Giver is not good literature . Three characteristics of good literatureinclude how it relates to you , full of action , and a surprising ending.The book did not relate to me because the community followed rulesthat completely contradicted my life . The book was not full of action . Itseemed tedious and uneventful . The ending stopped abruptly and seemeda bit dull and confusing . Jonas said , `` We are almost there Gabe . '' Thiswas close to the end of the book and they still did not meet theirdestination point . As you can see The Giver is NOT good literature .
 Jonas never knew that there was more out there . In the book The Giver by Lois Lowry , the main character Jonas lives in a totally controlled society , it is so controlled they ca n't even see color . In this story , the government controls everything . I do not like this book because it is written in a very formal style . Besides that , I think others might like this book because it is an interesting idea for a story.This book is about a boy named Jonas whose life is totally changed when he turns thirteen . He gets a very special job . Because of his job , he gets emotional . He can see colors and he can know the pain of the past . This job is unique because only one person is chosen for it . After a couple of months working he realizes what a terrible world he lives in and decides to go elsewhere to change his life.This book is written in a formal way that middle school kids might not understand . All the characters talk in a really stiff way . For instance , when Asher speaks angrily to Jonas , he then says `` I apologize for not paying you the respect you deserve . '' The language is hard to read , and this makes the book it confusing . There are common terms , like `` released '' , that seem unfamiliar because they are used in a different way than I am used to . The type of dialogue the author uses makes the book hard to read.I would recommend this book for people who do not like action . This book is very slow . After I had read four two weeks , nothing had happened . I prefer book that are exiting like when you get into something right away . The story however had an interesting . Them that might interest some people.I seriously did not like this book . The dialog was confusing and it was incredibly slow . If there was a bit more action , I might have liked it . However just because I did not like this book , does not mean you will not .
 This book tells the story of a boy that gets a job . The most impotent job in the whole community . That job is the giver . The Giver is a story that you never want to read . The book has no description . It is a waste of time.This book is about a boy named Jonas . Jonas , his friends , and his family all live in a strange community . In the community you all have the same birthday . This community has no time for mistakes . The Giver is impotent he is the only one that can see color , have feelings , have memories , ect . This book has no life in it.I would not recommend this book . If I were you I would never look at the book . Some people might like this book but I did n't . I hated this book . It is the worst book to read no questions asked . The book is realy , truly , and positively is not a good read .
 I do believe that this was the worst book I have ever read in all my life . Normally , I love Lois Lowry , but this book was not one of her best . I had to do a report on the setting of this book , and while the characters were developed enough to understand the book , the setting was bleak . Sameness ... how can you develope 2 pages strictly on the settingof sameness . I would not recommend this book to anyone !
 The book `` The Giver '' written by Lois Lowry is an ordinary English book . The story she describes is a fantastic and perhaps realistic story . The world of Jonas can be compared to other Science-Fiction books like `` Brave New World '' . One of the negative points is the unsettled end .
 This boring novel is filled with sci-fi . Only few parts in the book are exciting . Even though strange , it has earned many awards . The author that wrote this book is very talented . It is filled with sadness . The best part in the book is when Jonas -LRB- main character -RRB- learns what the word released means . Released is when a person is killed that is not reacting good in the community that they live in . In his community there are no automobiles , alcohol , money and many other different things . Instead of driving cars they drive bicycles . There are also no jobs . Instead of money people get things free . Goods are supplied to all households . Over all I do n't reccomend this book .
 For all of you out there `` iffy '' on getting the giver-don ` t. It 's great for a once a month book report or something , but never for fun . Believe me . It bored me to death . I mean , who wants to read about killing babies , vomiting and living in a world with no color . Your probably thinking , `` Yah yah yah . It 's just one bad review '' . But it 's not . My brother and all my friends read it and we all hated it . So there . I 'm really sorry to all these people that have to listen to this crap and even more I 'd like to thank Barnes & Noble.com for publishing this review . Thank-you .
 This book freaked me out as a child , and gave me nightmares . I love to read , and this is one of the few books that I hate , even to this day . I 'm sure if I read it again , I would get more out of it , but I ca n't bring myself to do it !
 The GiverLeandra BrownThis text was not a good example of good literature . This story does n't demonstarte good and interesting details , a suprising ending , or relates to me and my personal life . Here 's a quote that supports my answer , '' Behind him , acrosss vast distances of space and time , from place he had left , he thought he heard music , too . But perhaps it was only an echo . '' This part of the ending was not good nor suprising . Also , I was unable to relate to the story . I could not picture myself as one of the characters . The details that the author left in the novel were unclear and vage . You had to guess for yourself what had happened . The author left bits and pieces of information , not answering the questions that came into your mind . For example , the author talked about Rosemarry and how she failed as the Reciver as Memories , but failed to clearify how she was the daughter of the Giver . It was very confussing and hard to understand . So in conclusion , this novel was not good literature .
 We thought The Giver was a poorly written book . Out of five stars we give it one star.This book is about a boy named Jonas who lived in a perfect community where it 's colorless and it has climate control . In the community when you turn 12 you get assigned a job . Jonas got assigned the job of receiver of memory . The receiver of memory holds all of the community 's memories.Jonas goes on an adventure with a baby in his family unit -LRB- the baby 's name is Gabriel -RRB- . We thought The Giver was a bad book because it had a lot of complicated things that the author could have explained better . We did n't like the plot . It built up too slowly and ended too quickly.The book had too much stuff that did n't sound realistic . For example , they had to share dreams at breakfeast.We felt you did n't get a lot of feeling for the characters.In conclusion we thought it was a poorly written book .
 For us , the book `` the giver '' is written very well because the characters are well defined . But the story is boring from the beginning till the end ! We would never read it again !!
 I was intrigued by the description of this story , and when I started reading it , I got caught up in it fairly quickly . But then I started feeling like some of it was n't explained very well . A story like this , which is obviously far-fetched , should have everything explained ... but instead , much of it went without ever being clarified . For example , how can a community stop people from seeing color ? How could they control the climate without some sort of border ? How could they prevent other people from coming in ? None of it was given any thought or explanation and it drove me crazy!I also HATED the ending . I got close and even commented to my husband that it was getting really good . And then bam , it was over . I agree with another post that said it seemed like the author got bored with writing the story and just decided to end it.I thought the idea behind the story was excellent and it would have made a really interesting read , but it simply was n't developed enough . Disappointing .
 I read this book because a young adult friend of mine recently started a philosophical discussion using it as a springboard . I was immediately disappointed in the overly simplistic way in which the author puts together her ideas . However , it was a quick read and I was able to finish it easily within a couple of days . It was a stark contrast to the book by a Japanese author which I had just finished reading.Obviously , a person who writes this sort of book has an agenda to comment on her society - to warn about trends that she sees afoot , and to offer some ideas for potential solutions . That 's what visual artists would call the `` grand narrative . '' I also imagine that there is a `` lesser narrative '' as well - that is to say it may be something of an allegory for some aspect of her own relationship to the world.I can see why this book spoke to the heart of my friend . I compare it to a similar book -LRB- and series -RRB- I read when I was young - the `` White Mountains '' by John Christopher -LRB- pen name for Samuel Youd -RRB- . Certain very caring and smart young people who find that they do n't really fit in , here in the culture of the USA , latch on to these kind of stories as being those which might possibly provide guidance for them as they seek to navigate their social problems . I just wish that the authors of such books would have more of a sense of nuance of the problems and possible solutions for these young people before they set pen to paper - that is , if they really are trying to serve the needs of that type of kid.I can see how Lois Lowry ticked off all the boxes when she was designing the plot of `` the Giver '' - she was careful to cater to all the preconceptions -LRB- prejudices -RRB- within the sensibilities of the American reader population . She even included a Christ-like figure in the book . Because of this practice , I feel the book ends up as a hollow and empty shell of what it could have been . The author does not seek to challenge her readers and share new insights , but instead her book becomes a perfectly resounding part of the echo chamber of the way that left-leaning American thinkers see the framework of the problems of society around them.However , I suppose this is exactly why it is popular , and why it has become an award winning novel . People will only devote the time to reading things which confirm what they already feel about how the world works.Children 's novels need to use simple language , but there 's no need for simplistic ideas . I would have also appreciated a more realistic character arc for Jonas . It 's odd that his big decision to leave his community comes out of nowhere and becomes decided upon in his mind over the scope of three or four pages of the book .
 This book is for children , not for teens or adults . It starts promising but there is just no ending . It goes nowhere . And therefore it was not worth reading .
 I thought that this book was OK . In parts of the book you would just think , `` When is this going to end ? '' But then towards the end of the book it got a little better and more interesting . In this book Jonas doesnt know of any fear , pain , or war . I think I couldnt get into the book because I couldnt realate to anything . Nothing in his world was like ours .
 A confusing book . It was okay besides that . She might not have made the community as spoiled as it was . Every time they gopt hurt or something they were healed instantly by a pill . It was pretty bad .
 The Giver started out pretty good but as I read it it really started to stink . Children of 12 and under should not read it because of lack of understanding . As the end comes it realy gets annoying .
 I felt the giver had ver interesting ideas , but they were expressed so slow and boring . It ruined a lot of the book .
 There is a lot of excitement about this book . I read it before my daughter , and man was I glad I did . This is an intersting , read , but for kids over 14 . I believe the subject of murdering babies is not appropriate , not matter what , for pre-teens . The book is too dark for young kids . There are many parts of the story that are wonderful and thought provoking , but it just goes too far for kids . Call me a prude , but what my kids read IS important -- I urge you , as a parent to read it first to see if you agree .
 The giver was about a boy named Jonas . Jonas has a sister and a mom and dad . Jonas turns twelve and gets assigned a job . Jonas 's job is The Receiver Of Memories . That means Jonas takes on memories . After his training he will be The Giver . The Giver talks about the the last receiver of memories and how she asked to be released . So The Giver told Jonas after your training I will be released . So when he was done with his training he heard that Gabe his little friend that was staying with his family was going to be released . Jonas took Gabe and ran away.This book was hard for me to get into . It really did n't have a lot of action and was mostly boring in my opinion . That is why I rated it a one star .
 This was not good literature based on three main reasons . I was n't very interested while reading this book because it was first upsetting , secondly the ending was not what I expected , and finally it is disgusting . It was upsetting because they had no feelings for little children . If you were a twin they would weigh you and if you weighed less you would be released . Also , the ending was n't good at all because it just ends , when you want to know more . Some of the memories the Giver transferred were disgusting . For example , when Jonas was sledding and hit a tree and he saw his own flesh and was bleeding . A quote to support my answer is then ending of the book , '' Behind him , across a vast distances of space and time , from the place he had left , he thought he heard music too . But perhaps it was only an echo . '' The way the book ended was confusing because it seemed that there should be more too it , but there was n't . As you can see , this text is not good literature .
 The Giver was not good literature because it was n't full of feelings , there was not interesting details , and there was not a surprise ending . The Giver was not full of feelings because Johanas ' community had no feelings . Also there was nothing to explain if there were no emotions . Another reason why The Giver was not good literature is because there were no interesting details . Nothing was really explained in The Giver . Also in the interesting parts the author did n't really go into detail . Lastly , The Giver was not good literature is because there was not a surprise ending . The ending of The Giver was horrible . The last words of the whole story were `` But perhaps it was only an echo . '' That is why The Giver was not good literature .
 A reader from Seaford
 The Giver , December 16 , 2004A Kid 's ReviewThe giver was about a boy named Jonas . Jonas has a sister and a mom and dad . Jonas turns twelve and gets assigned a job . Jonas 's job is The Receiver Of Memories . That means Jonas takes on memories . After his training he will be The Giver . The Giver talks about the last receiver of memories and how she asked to be released . So The Giver told Jonas after your training I will be released . So when he was done with his training he heard that Gabe his little friend that was staying with his family was going to be released . Jonas took Gabe and ran away.This book was hard for me to get into . It really did n't have a lot of action and was mostly boring in my opinion . That is why I rated it a one star .
 Although given a newberry award , The Giver is both boring and confusing . It 's too confusing and deep for children . I did n't understand this book and I do n't think it made a lot of sense .
 The story has a very interesting if not new theme of a dystopic planned society and the ending is deliberately open . Unfortunately , the story has logical problems that prove distracting to a reader thinking about the subjects raised , and therefore make you aware you are reading a constructed narrative.Better constructed stories on similar dystopic themes areThe Forgotten Door -LRB- Apple Paperbacks -RRB- , Between Planets , Citizen of the Galaxy .
 I have just read this book -LRB- ... -RRB- . This book was interesting and at some parts it left you wanting to read more and more . But at the begining of this book the author seemed to not have any idea of what she was writing . The begining and the end i personaly thought were terrible . Not so much as the end but the last chapter . The parts that kept me reading were good but still the author might have been able to put more thought into what she was writing . The author had many things that did not fit and things that were badly placed because of the words that she had said before .
 This book was a well written book , I think , but I did not enjoy reading it . It did not hold my attention very much and I found that the storyline changed a lot . I would not recommend this for anyone under 14 .
 ok i can understand why this book got a newberry metal , it had a good plot and it is worth reading but i found that i did n't really like the characters and i thought that it was alittle too improbable even for a sci-fi book . as i said before you should get this book and it is worth reading at least to give you a new idea of what life might be like in the future .
 I had to read this book as part of a Young Adult literature class , and the attend a lecture by Lois Lowery . I can honestly say , that I was n't that thrilled with the book . I felt like I 'd read it before . I had n't , but I read a book that had similar ideas that was written in 1938 by Ayn Rand entitled Anthem . Anthem takes place in the future , in a world where individuals have no name , no independence , and no values . All decisions are made by committees and individualism does n't exist . Giver is essentially about a society that has eliminated pain and strife by converting to `` Sameness , '' a plan that has also eradicated emotional depth from their lives .
 ok i can understand why this book got a newberry metal , it had a good plot and it is worth reading but i found that i did n't really like the characters and i thought that it was alittle too improbable even for a sci-fi book . as i said before you should get this book and it is worth reading at least to give you a new idea of what life might be like in the future .
 This is not a really exciting . And it was boring becuse it was way to long and it was weird in parts . Becuse it was not what you think is going to be and it isent what you think it will be what you want to happen . Well have fun reading !!!!!!!!!!!!
 This book , no matter how well it is written , is a book that really has no ending or solution to the problems that the author puts forward . I found it to be extremely disturbing and could not wait for the happy ending to come , but it did n't . Some will like it because of its origianl theme but I for one did not enjoy it very much at all . People who read it should know that its ending is depressing -LRB- to me it was -RRB- and ultimately pointless .
 This book starts off well with a great story line . Jonas lives in a society where everything is controlled by rules . The rules were decided long ago to eliminate any individuality , any fear , any worry or anxiety . But , as he learns when he is made the Receiver of Memories , a lot has also been lost . There is no color , no music , no love and no pain . However , what starts off as a great story with great potential quickly looses its thrust . It 's almost as though the author did n't know how to end the story and grabbed the first thing that came to mind . The ending leaves the reader with many questions . That in and of it self is not bad as long as they are thought provoking questions . But these are not . Rather , the reader is left asking where the rest of the story is . This book leaves the reader flat . There is no closure . Perhaps that is what the author wanted but , if it is , then she chose to give up the story for the sake of a momentary effect on the reader .
 I could n't finish this book , but I got far enough through it to know that I did n't like it . It is sort of a gated community slash perfect world type setting , where nothing really interesting ever happens . Duh !!! Trevor
 BAD . I hate this book , im currently being made to read it along with my other classmates in Reading clas . I do not like it , and i dont understand how you other people can . But hey , each to his own . The only way i would reccomend this to someone is if you paid me a million dollars , and even then i would take the money , then write the reccomendation on a sticky note , and put it on the fridge . Only read this if you dont have ANYTHING ELSE TO DO . * You know you love me * PS - Sorry if some of you feel like I bashed a favorite book of yours . But hey ... . i have a right to free speech .
 This book has generally been described as a book about a utopia , while we ignore the pressing issue
 Ok this book really stinks ! The place where the main character , Jonas lives has really weird rules . Ok to the point . One point in the book people are seperated from animals ! Think what you would be like with out your cat or any pet to keep you company at night or morning or the afternoon . It is so sad . That is not the worst part . One part in the book they talk about that twins are not allowed in this place . If a mom has twins guess what happens ? They weigh the twins and which one is lighter they get rid of . The other one they make nice and comfortable . Here is what happens in deeper detail . They weighed the twins . One is lighter so they put in a garbage shoot and let it get crushed . Meanwhile the `` lucky '' baby who weighed more is nice and comfortable and is smiling at his or her lost twin . Why they do this ? I do n't know ! I took the book and threw it and cried and never read it again . My friends told me that the book NEVER recovers after this part . I do not recomond this book to anyone .
 this was such a boring book ! I had to read it for school , and i kept falling asleep ! it is confusing and has a very wierd plot . An old man passing on memories by touching someone ? give me a break ! dont read this book !
 `` The Giver '' is a novel which deals with the problems boy named Jonas who lives in a totalitarian system.I this system , the habitants are genetically manipulated so that they are not able to feel.Only the `` Receiver of Memories '' has feelings and Jonas is chosen to be the next one . In his assignement he is able to get to know the whole truth about their society which reveals enormous cruelties.The author employs the third - person-point of view but she stays close to the protagonist 's perspective , so that the reader is able to identify with Jonas.The novel is easy to read and to understand because she often uses hypotaxes.In regard to the content and the action , the text is diaphonous and the characters do not have uncommon personalities.I think , the novel is approciated for younger people from about 10 to 14 years because the plot is often flat and ordinary . So in my opinion , the text does not belong to high-quality-literature .
 This book is widely used in English class by middle schools in Southwestern Pennsylvania.I have heard many complaints from parents about the violent subject matter contained in this story.After reading the book , I find that the most offensive incident was the murder of a newborn twin via lethal injection . As newborns have no visible veins , the infant was injected in the forehead.Now if you think that this is appropriate subject matter for your 7th and 8th grade children , buy it . If you choose not to buy it , please beware that they may still read it in school.As an adult and father of four , I 'm left with the impression that an adolescent would be less likely to trust their parents after reading this book.Save you money and buy a classic .
 This boring novel is filled with sci-fi . Only few parts in the book are exciting . Even though strange , it has earned many awards . The author that wrote this book is very talented . It is filled with sadness . The best part in the book is when Jonas -LRB- main character -RRB- learns what the word released means . Released is when a person is killed that is not reacting good in the community that they live in . In his community there are no automobiles , alcohol , money and many other different things . Instead of driving cars they drive bicycles . There are also no jobs . Instead of money people get things free . Goods are supplied to all households . Over all I do n't reccomend this book unless you are boring .
 The book was n't so insteresting , because in the begining the reality that Jonas was in did n't seem the same as the reality that I 'm in . It was n't easy to understand that Jonas 's community does n't have what in my reality does . Like Jonas 's community does n't have feelings of love , hurt , pain , sadness , or even happiness . People in his community do n't want nobdy to suffer , that they want to have a perfect community . Something in this reality ca n't be .
 My son 's 6th grade teacher read The Giver to his class a few months ago . I am into children 's literature of all types and I as his mother like to read what he is assigned in his class . I was very disappointed with The Giver . Number The Stars was absolutely 5 star fabulous . But , The Giver -- too adult for one . I especially did n't like the way Ms. Lowry degrades womanhood and motherhood in this book . To be called as a ` birthmother ' in this book is to have a dishonored scum life . I already see enough in our society of the degradation of motherhood -- I do n't want to read it in a book -- much less have my son exposed to such obsurdity . Also , the part in the book where all boys had to take a pill once the pubescent stirrings begin was a very ` out to lunch ' kind of notion . I realize this is a fictional book . But , how about keeping books perfectly clean in all aspects ? Number The Stars was clean and uplifting in all regards . Charles Dickens Great Expectations is about the best book I have ever read . Ms. Lowry has such a gift of writing . I 'd like to see her keep to clean , uplifting , inspiring content . Good books are my escape of societal ills . The Giver reminded me of too much of our own social problems .
 Ok , here is a story about a town who does n't have to worry about pain or change . You are assigned jobs and you have to apply for spouses and children but there are only 2 children , one boy and one girl , per household . And they have The Ceremonies , where at certain ages you get certain privliges . Anyways when this one kid named Jonas turns 12 he is `` selected '' as the Reciever of Memory and he meets the Giver where he gets all these memories . He expiriences stuff the rest of the town has no clue about.Anyways I had to read this book for school and I did n't like it too much . It was n't hard to understand - everything was explained clearly . But I mean come on , this book is so strange in a bad way . And when Jonas learned what being released was it made me want to put the book down and never touch it again . I can handle a lot of things but this book makes me sick ! And I would not read this to younger children or those with a weak stomach . So to anyone who is thinking of buying this book , do n't unless you have to for work/school .
 I thought this book was ghastly . This book is based in a utopia where the government is perfect and everyone lives in harmony . A boy named Jonas has become the receiver of memory , his journey is filled with joy and pain . But the only pain there is s having to read it . If you have a choice do n't . The author did an awful job writing it , there was almost no action and it had a linear plot . So do yourself a favour and do n't read it .
 The beginning it is really boring . Once you pass like Chapter 6 or 7 , that is when the climax gets very interesting .
 That 's all there is . This book is nothing more than a watered-down kiddie version of 1984 . It uses the same central theme -- disallusionment of `` the system '' , rebellion against `` the system '' , and the ultimate breaking of the disallusioned.The story is slow -LRB- and painful , if you 've read any other society-gone-to-hell pieces -RRB- , the characters are bland . Heck , the only reason Jonas and the Giver are any bit interesting is that Lowry seems to have fashioned them off of Luke Skywalker and Obi-Wan Kenobi .
 I first read this book in seventh grade , for a book report . I had mixed feelings about certain parts , but ultimately hated it . It was too sci-fi for my tastes.I read it again recently , and I still do n`t really like it . It ` s too confusing , too scifi-ish , too many twists and turns.So , my opinion
 My sixth grade son read The Giver as an assignment so I also read it . The book is about a society in which each child 's profession is chosen for him . Only one child at a time is trained as The Receiver , the only one who knows emotions . He receives that information from The Giver . The book contains visions of murder and suicide that I do not believe are appropriate for children this age . -LRB- It also gave me nightmares . -RRB- In particular , I object to a murder that is committed by a respected parent . I think that a child could and would think that parents can not be trusted after reading this book . I also disagree with the book 's depiction of child suicide and murder of the elderly.I think that so many children like the book because their teachers present the book in a positive way . Children expect that they will be assigned to read good books , not lousy books , and the teachers support that expectation . Speaking as a former teacher , I would never have assigned this book to my class . Speaking as a parent , I would never have encouraged my child to read this book . It is sick .
 Newberry Awards are most useful for telling a reader which books to avoid . This is an example of a ` book ' that wins an award for appealing to literary intelligentsia rather than because it 's a ` good read ' . There 's no sense of wonder , no sense of adventure , but everything is very * PC * . Go buy `` White Fang '' or `` The Yearling `` Read something by Mercedes Lackey , R. A. Heinlein , H. Beam Piper or David Weber . But for goodness sake , please do n't buy this book on the same principle of * not * feeding stray cats . It only encourages them to stick around and reproduce .
 Children are forced to read this book in 7th grade . At one point the book was banned in many schools and I can see why . Do you really want your children to read about babies being murdered by their own parents and tossed down a garbage chute ? That 's only one example of this warped tale . The book is so dark that I think it can disturb children and possibly adults as well . The points made in the book can be made without the intense darkness and fear pervading the story.I do n't think any 7th grader is emotionally mature enough to read The Giver . When I was in middle school we read a short story by Ray Bradbury that made all of the same points -LRB- in a SHORT story no less -RRB- without the horror . A better writer does not need graphic and disturbing details to bring a child to think .
 The book Im doing my review on is The Giver and the author is Lois Lawry . Some of the main characters are Jonas , the Giver , Jonas 's parents , and Gabriel . The setting of this book is in a private community . Some of the main conflicts are that Jonas gets . To the age where he gets assigned his jobs . Something specail is when they get there jobs . The place they 're at is a dystopia . I liked the book at first , but then it got boring . I did n't like that their comunity wanted to be so perfect it was boring . Thats my opinion .
 When I was told about this book I was told good things but when I read it I was disgusted by the story . I just found it so terrible and wicked I stopped reading . Any one who thinks this is a good book for a child could n't be more wrong .
 Just because a book has a sad ending does not make it a good book . The plotting was thin , the characterization was uneven , the characters themselves were described as smart but acted like idiots , the writing was juvenile . I had to go look and see if a teenager wrote this - no , it 's an experienced writer . She 's got no excuse . The book is a hack , in the original sense of the word . It takes pieces of other stories , hacks them to pieces , and reassembles them - badly.The first part starts out decently written - if you have n't watched TV or read any science fiction for the past 50 years you wo n't see what 's coming , but if you have you 'll smirk at the rather transparent `` hidden '' aspects of the society . The trouble is when these things are revealed it 's supposed to be shocking , and it 's not . I can only assume the award committee would never lower themselves to consume popular lowbrow media because everything in this book has been done , over and over , ad infinitum , since the 60 's . Soylent Green , Star Trek , Twilight Zone , Asimov , etc - all did it first and honestly , did it far better.Haven ' t been this disappointed in a book in ages . This is what kids are expected to read in school across the country ? This is supposed to make them think ? Why is this particular book so popular with the adults who educate kids?It 's getting made into a movie - and for once I can see this fact improving a book . This was * made * for the movies ; what seems terribly shallow on the page might seem deep and meaningful on screen . Although I can only hope they dispense with the `` Blue Eyes Soooo Special ! '' bit , because that bit just makes me sick .
 I do n't recommend the book the Giver to most people . It has a poor mixture of mystery and drama . If you like action books , this one 's not for you . It has a dull plot because it takes place in an descrete area that is diconnected from society that we know and love . Everything is perfect , except for one thing . The freedom of choice we have does not exist in that world . The main character is a young boy by the name Jonas . He is chosen to take on a job that the community depends on . He has to recive many memories of the past in order to protect the future , yawn . if you were to like the book , Charlie and the Chocolate factory , this ones for you .
 I feel strongly that this book should not be required reading for children under 14 years of age . It often is on the curriculum for 5th and 6th grades . Many of the themes require more mature students to be able to discuss the difficult social issues . I highly recommend a parent read this book if his/her child is reading it .
 The Giver is every adolescent 's frustrated view of the world given a fictional future reality . Pills keep you from enjoying sex , your parents are obsessive-compulsively normal , and only one person in the whole city knows what 's going on and how things got that way . One very special boy decides to break the chain . So far so good
 This book was pretty good except for some disturbing parts . Lois Lowry did an excellent job describing all of the memories that the main charater Jonas was given in his job that was chosen for him at the age of tweleve . His job is to recieve memories from this man called the Giver . In Jonas 's `` perfect society '' there is no color , choices , music , or feelings . When I say feelings I mean nothing . They do not feel love , pain , sadness , or memories like war , death , animals , -LRB- yes they do n't have animals or know what they are -RRB- weather , cars , airplanes , or holidays . That is n't even all of the things they do n't have or know about . They also chose you husband/wife . You do not get any say in who it is . There is no choice in this community . That is n't the most disturbing of all . In the community when you become `` useless '' or old you are moved to the house of the old . After a while when they think you become really `` useless '' you are killed by being injected with a clear liquid . If you think that is disturbing they do the same thing with babies too ! Only 50 babies are born a year by the birthmothers -LRB- a job you can get -RRB- if twins are born or a baby is n't OK to be given to a family -LRB- yes they are given children they do not have them -RRB- they kill them with the same liquid as the old people except it is injected into their forehead!This book utterly disturbed me . If you do not like to read about gruesome death I strongly advise you not to read this .
 Young Jonas , eleven and turning twelve , lives in a community of the future where everyone is happy and everyone is the same - to the point that sunshine has been ` edited out ' and citizens do n't see colors . The young lad is selected to be a keeper of memory , which means that the previous Keeper will give him his memories -LRB- by laying hands on him , Vulcan style -RRB- . These are collective memories , of war , famine , biological families , snow , colors and sunshine -LRB- all eliminated from this ` utopian society ' -RRB- . Jonas feels colors and snow , decides they are good , snatches a little baby that was about to be euthanized and heads for the hills , with the blessing of his Keeper . The idea is that as soon as he 's gone , the painful memories he had inside would spread out into the community and society would be transformed.The writing is good , and the ideas sound interesting at first . The intent is fairly clear
 Although in my book club this got high reveiws , I completely disagree.I could not catch on to the story . Before I could used to the beginning of the concept , I was on the last page . The whole &#34; perfect world &#34; idea was original , but hard to both comprehend it as the meaning and stick to the idea . It was ... different . However , the ending was n`t very clear . You could not tell what happened to the main character at the end , so it did not work well for me.Original , but not for me .
 This book took about 3 hours to read from cover to cover , and I am glad that I did n't invest any more time in it than that . -LRB- It also reminded me of why I have not bothered with fiction for so many years . -RRB- Problems :1 . We do n't have any explanation of how this situation came to be . At least in `` Animal Farm , '' there is something to explain how the events came to be . Nor do we clearly understand the ending of the book . It had one of those bailout endings . -LRB- Imagine the author thinking `` How do I end this thing ? Oh , I do n't know . Let 's just give it an ending . '' -RRB- 2 . We do n't know where are these people with respect to everyone else in the world . Did everyone else just mysteriously vanish leaving these people to live this life ? 3 . There were a few too many elements borrowed from other dystopian novels . So , we did notice that Lowry showed characters who made up compound words to describe things that would have been distasteful to them . -LRB- `` Release '' = death ; `` newchild '' = baby , etc. -RRB- 4 . These topics are way too heavy for this to be a children 's book . I understand what Lowry was getting at in most instances -LRB- `` What is pleasure without pain ? '' or `` If you never have to struggle to survive , how do you appreciate surviving ? '' -RRB- , but one comes away with the impression that this was just overall poorly done . She could have chosen one SIMPLE theme and stuck with it -- so as to make the book suitable for children . -LRB- How many childrens ' books need Cliffs ' notes for goodness sake ? -RRB- 5 . Can people really be modified this much ? The point of human beings is to make more DNA -LRB- and not the other way around -RRB- . Can people so easily be trained to abandon their sexual feelings or their babies ? People see colors before they can describe them in words . How do you train someone to not understand that ? Perhaps it is good that this book * was * written for kids , because at this point in time , the feats that would have been necessary to make these people could not have been believed by any reasonable adult -LRB- that had sat through Bio 101 -RRB- . I would pay , at most , $ 1 for this book -- but not for my children . Just to read it out of curiousity / morbid interest .
 I read this book in one day , but it was n't really that great , in my opinion . It seemed just like all the other utopian/distopian books I 've read . However , if you like this kind of literature , then go for it .
 I did not like this book at all . I do n't know , maybe it 's just me , but I like books THAT MAKE SENSE ! The Giver had nothing to do with reality and did not make much sense at all . For example - where did it take place ? I had to write a report on it with a paragraph of the setting ... and I had to say ' a community ' . I 'm sorry but I do n't really understand where everyone is getting the idea that this book is ` perfect ' and all . I mean I can KINDA see where your coming from if you were to say that the book makes you think or is intresting . Because I 'm not going to lie The Giver was OK and intresting to read and get away from it all ... but it 's a LITTLE over the top.I was giving MY opinion,-Megan V. -
 I do n't understand what 's the big deal about this book . Having read tons of scifi , I expected more from a Newberry winner . What I got was a rehash of The Lottery , with the typical utopian society so immersed in its own sickness it ca n't see straight . This book is all right for younger audiences , but I like more complexity and originality in my books .
 I really liked the book . It was a little different and exciting . I have n't read any books like that before , but I enjoyed reading it . I thought it was n't the best book I have ever read before , but it was definetly one of my favorites . I rated The Giver 2 stars because in my opinion it needed more work . Overall the book was well-written and it seemed to me that the author put some time and effort into this book . I recommend this book to anyone who enjoys reading books about the future and books that are a little out there . In the book , Jonas ' world was a little weird . They had certain rules for everything . They were very precise and they wanted everything to be that way . That 's the part of the book that really did n't appeal to me that much . I do n't think that it was right the way that the people in Jonas ' world thought was right . But there was also some advantages to the way they lived . It was nice reading this book because it was something that I had never read before .
 The is just right for middle-school aged children . It 's the idea that by getting rid of the ` bad ' , such as war , starvation , and suffering , will inadvertently get rid the ` good ' , such as beauty , love , and relationships.However , the vehicles used to prove that idea are lacking . 12 year old boys do not worry about their careers ; 12 year old boys do not plot a runaway for the sake of a baby ; it is not remotely convincing that thousands of memories would come over a community because one person left . The thought behind this book is inadequate.Brave New World has more thought behind it and gets the same idea across .
 The first half of the book is great . It is one of the most interesting stories I have ever read . This is part of the problem . I was so excited and anxious to find out what happens next , that I was hugely disappointed . To sum it up , the ending is a terrible disappointment . It feels like halfway through the book , the author was in need of money , so they slapped together a few more chapters and shipped it .
 Will BowlingWhen it comes to censorship , I think you can think about what you want to think about , and let other people think about what they want . After reading the book The Giver , thought it was an okay book . I do n't really like to read so I do n't read books unless I have to . The Giver is a weird book . I do n't know why you would have a community with no color or memory or anything like that . It 's just stupid . The Giver is a good book , I guess , if you can understand it , I thought it was very confusing because the whole town is colorblind except for a couple of people . And they ca n't have memory or experience pain . I got confused on that part . Only The Giver and the receiver of memories can see color . But at the end they get back to their community and everybody can see color and they are all having fun .
 it is not a good book , because it is boring . but some of my friends think it is interesting . But i 'm not . the beginning was boring but later in the book it was exciting too .
 it is not a good book , because it is boring . but some of my friends think it is interesting . But i 'm not . the beginning was boring but later in the book it was exciting too .
 Censorship reflects a community 's shortage of self-confidence . In the book The Giver written by Lois Lowry almost everything is censored in their community
 I do n't recommend the book the Giver to most people . It has a poor mixture of mystery and drama . If you like action books , this one 's not for you . It has a dull plot because it takes place in a discrete area that is disconnected from society that we know and love . Everything is perfect , except for one thing . The freedom of choice we have does not exist in that world . The main character is a young boy by the name Jonas . He is chosen to take on a job that the community depends on . He has to receive many memories of the past in order to protect the future , yawn . if you were to like the book , Charlie and the Chocolate factory , this ones for you .
 I must say this book is creative and its not like any book I 've ever read . New and fresh , but it did n't interest me much . At the beinging I found it weird and had a stupid story line . At no point in the book was I excited to know what happened next , and it was definitely not a page turner , it did n't interest me .
 My 7th grade class is currently reading the giver by Lois Lowry . The setting is in a futuristic perfect community . As a child , the members of the community are observed by a comity and their jobs are selected for them . The main character in this book , Jonas , is selected to be the receiver of memory . Jonas no longer has to follow the rules of the community . He has the most important job in the entire community . He goes through strenuous training to absorb the information that his tutor , the giver , is passing to him . He is a very important person to have in the community because if something bad was about to happen he could warn them of what happened before.The wording in the book is very difficult to understand . It takes a lot of thinking to understand the concepts in this book . This book is supposed to portray a perfect world but I think that the community is far from perfect . Everything in the community is based on sameness . This means that there are no advances and no differences among people . I think a world like that would be very boring because you would wake up every day and know what was going to happen . There is very little change in the daily schedule . A major reason why I think this was n't a very good book is because the author 's idea of a perfect world is n't mine.I gave this book two out of five star for three simple reasons . First of all I did n't agree with her idea of a perfect world . Jonas 's world is far from anything that I would consider perfect . Secondly , I did n't think this book was very interesting . I had trouble reading more than two chapters at a time because the concepts of the book bored me . And lastly , I disliked the ending . I ca n't tell you about it but if you read this book after my review you will probably agree with my opinion of the ending . I would recommend this book only to those who like slow reading books .
 The Giver by Lois Lowry is a very opinionated book . Different people will think different things about the book and I think there are too many choices to make at the end of the story . In The Giver , a child named Jonas is getting his new ` assignment ' for his life and he just happens to get the ` Receiver of Memory ' . He then must receive memories of things that other people in the community do not know.In the Giver , Lowry tried to make some sort of Utopia -LRB- Perfect World -RRB- and wanted to show that this would probably never happen and that this world might be perfect but there are still some flaws in it . The author also tries to show that our world also has flaws . I think the author tried to go too far into the future because it might be a long time until we invent or do things -LSB- are bad -RSB- as
 This book preaches on the dangers of conformity as the supreme value . It includes such topics as infancide , mercy killings and child suicide . This book is not meant for children . Yes , blind conformity is evil . But this vehicle to preach against conformity is not for children under 14 . Adults
 My son 's 5th grade class had to read this book . I read it with him and spent the year writing his teacher , principal and the school superintendent explaining that , in my opinion , the subject matter , including the euthanasia of all babies who are less than perfect , was inappropriate for a 5th grader . Please do n't write me off as a conservative nut who thinks everyone should share my beliefs . I am as liberal as they come and would never recommend banning a book . However , according to the US Library Association , in 1995 , this book was among the top 3 most requested books to be banned in schools.In my opinion , K-8 children , and ESPECIALLY elementary aged children should be reading uplifting books that will encourage a love of reading . The Aldous Huxley-esk world of The Giver is immeasurably dark , and I can not imagine any elementary aged child finishing this book and being left with a feeling of excitement that drives them to quickly pick up another book and continue reading.If your child is assigned this book , at the very least , please read it with them so you can discuss it .
 Spoiler alert : There is more than one way to read a story ; more than one level of interpretation , implied and/or inferred . There are different aspects of a story one can stress.One might point to a story where the `` Father '' gives over his `` son '' to shoulder the sins of the world in order to save us so that we may live . Sounds like serious stuff until the story ends with the `` son '' arriving in the world via a red sleigh like Santa Claus on Christmas morning.I had to giggle . It is a children 's book after all.I suppose I could be offended and take this story as seriously as many people do but just because the author values pride and individual choice above fairness , politeness , no war or hunger ... well , that 's up to her . But the fact that she feels the need to set up a society with faults that do n't follow from any reason is troubling . One could suggest that pride and individualism -LRB- and the like -RRB- are right-wing values while being fair and polite -LRB- and the like -RRB- are left-wing values but few parents teach their children to be rude and unfair ; values such as these are best left to dubious ideologies , as if larger society should n't be valued as highly as family . When all is said and done , there is not enough depth of religious or philosophical ideas for me to take it seriously ... only a straw-man society that has flaws that are as unlikely as its strengths.But wait , there 's more ... One main rule for the main character is that he must not discuss with anybody including parents and elders , what goes on behind closed doors with the old man who is his trainer . What might go on in this room ? Here 's what we do know : `` Move to the bed , and lie face down . Remove your tunic first '' ... `` What are you going to do sir ? '' ... . He placed his hands on Jonas 's bare back.Now , I was warned that there were some surprises , some of them disturbing , but this situation and language seems to pass right by people . This is a teachable moment but what might our children learn from the words as written ?
 This book makes a feeble attempt at demonstrating what a `` utopian '' society would look like . There is somewhat of a build-up for the main character to break free and for the community to become enlightened , but gaps in the story and the failure the close loops make the book a sore disappointment .
 This book was the most bull s *** ever . I had to read it in school and it sucked . The ending was crap . This book was not swag . Yolo
 Not my kind of book ! Without love , understanding , consideration . Its just like ur being told how to act & feel .
 Hello every body ! I recommend you read this before you get the book.Hello , I just finished reading this book and found it super disturbing and offensive . The thought that for Identical twin boys -LRB- whom I am -RRB- and the smaller one gets killed and put in a garbage shoot just makes me get into tears . Thanks for reading this and take it into consideration . Thank you - Sky
 I am a Identical twin . I do n't like the book for this reason . I do not like the how they kill a identical twin boy . thank you
 i dont think I 've ever read a book this bad . it is very disturbing . i mean , who thinks of killing babies as a normal thing in any situation ?! not to be a prude but the whole bathing thing is just gross . it 's also the worst ending I 've ever read . this book is sooooo boring ! i had to read it for school and i almost fell asleep reading it and i never do that . do n't read this book . do n't look at it . do n't think about it . you would seriously regret it . i would give it negative stars if i could.XOXO HR Cali
 Although I like suspense and thrills , this book left me with too many questions and really left me unsatisfied . They never really focused on one thing or went into description on what I thought were some very important issues . It is `` The Truman Show '' and `` Pleasantville '' combined .
 It was hard get into book because it was moving too slow and confusing . And question did Jonas die or not ? This book deserves only two stars to me.The only thing about the book I agree with it 's a very `` tripped out '' book .
 It was an easy read . It took me a couple hours and I 'm a slow reader . It does n't go in depth as much as it seems . If you want a better book that gives you the same feelings try `` Brave New World '' or `` 1984 ''
 Im 15 , and i tought that this book takes to much time to get to the punch line and what about that ending , come on , what happens does he die does he get to an other place is he hallucinating i dont know it was a very boring book and i do not recommend it to people my age they will find it boring trust me i read it .
 I had to read The Giver for my Magic andRitual class . The book was not without itscharm , but for me , living in that world wouldbe a personal hell . I would go insane!The fact that the persons in that bookhad no choices , independence and among manyother things they could n't even mature at their own rate . That book goes against every thingthat i believe in , except the fact that thekid had enuf guts to run away.As for the technical side of the book , itwas one of the most poorly written books thatI have ever read . The plot jumped around , you could n't follow it . Too muchresponsibility was left to the reader.All in all , i would not recomond this book toanyone .
 This review will be short and sweet . This book is terrible . Gave you enough to be interested and left you hanging at the end . I honestly did n't find the `` release '' part as bad as the Hunger Games in which they put teenagers in an arena to kill each other , but that 's me ! Would not recommend to kids as the others have said . Was so disappointed in the end I was actually mad . I hate when I invest time into a book and the end just stinks . Wish I had the past few hours back !! Ugh !!
 The Giver while deffinately not a dry and boring book should not be included in the children 's reading category . I have been doing an independent study on Newberry Award winning novels at my highschool and I must say that I can not figure out how it was chosen when it does not fit the criteria . The topics of suicide , murdering of children , and profanity would scare any child!The adult book has been disguised as a child 's and should return to the proper placing .
 The GiverThe Giver was sort of a desturbing book . For example , while the old man was giving up his memory to Jonas , he was losing his own memory . I didn 'n really like it , because it was n't interesting enough for me . The book , however , would be interesting to some people , because of its mysteriousness . The book makes the reader think about our society today as you try to figure out what 's happening .
 The Giver , by Lois Lowry is a very boring book.The characters are very polite and appoligize way too much . The setting is very boring because it has no color.In this book the character Jonas is chosen to the Reciever of Memories.He dose n't like the fact that him and The Giver are the only ones who can feel pain.At the end of the book | Jonas makes a big decision.I feel that this book was very boring and has no action . I also thought this book was too long , but I like short books . This book has 180 pages . I did n't like this book because not everyone can feel pain.The part I disliked the most was when Jonas made his big decision at the end . I feel the author could have made his decision seem even bigger.I would have liked this better if Jonas would have shown more pain . I do n't request this book to anyone .
 Giver ReviewThe Giver by Lois Lowry is a terrible book . It is interesting for about the first four or five chapters but then is very boring . This book is not worth your time to read . It is a very distinct and interesting topic but I think the book could have a different storyline to make it interesting . For some cultures , this community might not seem so farfetched . This book receives a half star out of four . It is a book not worth reading .
 I hated this book . It was really stupid . It had no point , and come on a world with no choice , color , and pain . It is totally unrealistic . I gave it one star . Nobody in the community has memories except the Receiver of Memory . I did not like it because I don like books that are stupid .
 I thought The Giver was bad . It was boring , and there really was n't a point . Are assignment for school was to read one or two chapters a night , and it was really hard for me to fulfill the assignment . My mom and my sister tryed reading it , and they only got through three chapters , and then put it down .
 I have enjoyed previous books by this author , but this is one I did not like . Rarely do I dislike a book , but this is at the top of my absolutely did not like list . I will say that it is powerful and thought-provoking reading , but I felt my soul , my being , was being ripped apart , and all that I have believed and hoped in was being questioned
 I had high expectations for this book , because Lois Lowry 's Number the Stars was phenomenal , but these expectations were just not met . Jonas is an interesting enough character , and the giver/receiver concept of inheriting memories is interesting , but the ending of the book fizzled out , and I was very disappointed .
 The Giver is a good choice for reading in class since it is written in quite an understandable language and contains a lot of helpful annotations.I personally would n't have read this book outside school . I found it boring and not interesting to read . The story is confusing and ends too suddenly.I would have wanted the Auther to continue the book a bit more to find out how the community develops .
 This is one of the required books that have to be read over the kids summer vacation . I 'm the parent and found it very interesting , but the children that I 've talked to ; > 20 have found it very dry.Have your kids read it with plenty of water
 I 'll give this book two stars for the fact that the writing was n't really heinous and its just a warning about conformity . The book really is n't terrible , just cliched . The old horse of ` they had perfect lives , but they did not love ' is trotted out once again , and the entire ` supposedly utopian but secretly evil ' society that the author crafts is self-indulgent and unconvincing . In short , this is `` Look everyone ! I 'm writing serious material ! '' work , a dumbed-down ` Anthem ' . Yes , it 's nicely allegorical , but there are other books that carry off the utopian theme much better , such as ' 1984 ' , ` Brave New World ' or the aforementioned ` Anthem ' . It 's truly painful to see teenagers learning this in school and taking it as the epitome of Utopian allegory .
 With all the great literature that is available for middle schoolers , it is mind boggling that The Giver , a mediocre yet sensationalist book , keeps getting assigned for fifth graders . Suppression of puberty , commercialized breeding and other features of the story are , I hope , beyond the realm of understanding for 10 year olds . There are plenty of great dystopian novels out there to read for older students , but this is certainly not one of them . To all you teachers who are simply following the pack on this front , look into some other options and teach Orwell , Swift and the like when students are ready .
 This book is not for everyone . My child had nightmares after reading chapter 19 which I would easily rate R for graphic detailed violence . For parents who take their responsibility of monitoring the material their children are exposed to , be sure ahead of time that your child will not be emotionally upset by the `` how - to '' description of the actions . In my opinion , there are no redeeming qualities to this book . My child could not evaluate anything to do with the book because she was obsessed with the murder of an innocent new-born baby . While other people may say that it 's not real , the subject of euthanasia is real . I would never recommend this book , however , I would caution parents , and teachers alike to evaluate the person for whom the book is being selected and determine if he/she will be negatively affected by it ahead of time .
 The plot for the book The Giver is very confusing . Their world in this book is all perfect and there is no crime or anything unusual . The beginning you really do n't know what is going on because it kind of starts right in the middle of something . There world is totally black and white . The main character Jonas starts out as any normal boy would until the age of 12 when he gets the special job as the Receiver . This person receives all the memories from the people in the past . All the people in this book do not suffer any pain except the receiver . Everybody has the same exact feeling as everybody else and do n't get to think for themselves.The second reason is that the plot in this book is not a very interesting topic . This book does n't grab your attention at all . It is all perfect so there is really no adventure in this book . There also is n't any action in it which makes this book even more boring . This book 's plot is n't very thought out in my opinion because it is not very interesting and it is all perfect which makes the reader think the author did n't put much time into thinking the plot through by having the book all perfect . There is what I think about the plot of the book The Giver.So now that you know that this is a very bad book ! I want to make sure that you do n't waste your well earned money . Thanks for reading about what I have to say about the plot of this book .
 After looking at all the rave reviews ... it must be me . But , `` The Giver '' fell flat for me . I really really like the beginning and I liked the world that was created , every body so polite and all . And then you find the bad things behind the curtain . In fact I liked the polite world so much that I would n't object to ... the bad things behind the curtain , that make the society possible.The latter book was so unsatisfying , like how could there be no sun , but stuff grows , and how could there be no color?This book has a great story idea , unfortunately it does n't flesh out.PS I especially liked the dinner scenes where each member of the family has to politely wait for other family members to share their day and then they comfort each other ! Great stuff !
 Felt like the first half of a longer book . I might have liked it if it were n't for the childish writing style . It reminded me of a the way a 10-year-old tells you about his day -- `` First this happened . And then this happened . And then this . And then this . `` Just not really good overall . As some of the other reviewers suggest , read 1984 or Brave New World , or countless others instead . One might argue that this book has more of a metaphysical leaning but those concepts were n't really given the proper treatment . The lofty ending might not have been as bad if the first 90 percent of the book were n't so matter-of-fact .
 the main characters of book is Jonas , the reciever , and Jonas family . The title of this book is The Giver by Lois Lowry . The setting of this novel is in a small cummunity . The main conflict of this story is basically Jonas trying to get away from the community cause it 's not utopia . The utopia of this book is for every thing to be safe and no critism and the dystopia is that they released you if you do something wrong.the award of this book is that it receive a newberry award . My opinion of this book is that I sereously did n't like the book . It 's too dumb because you get release for not doing somthing right . Come on . There would never be a place like that ever -LRB- EVER -RRB- .
 the giver was an interesting book but pretty lame and stupid
 I recently read The Giver in class . I personally did n't enjoy it . I thought Lous Lowery did n't do a good job of sticking to her story line . In some parts of the book she would say one thing the community did then the next chapter she would say something tatally opposite making the book not flow and make sense . Ialso thought the ending was to sudden and did n't answer any questions i had .
 ... I 'm the most bookish member of my family , and the only professional writer -LRB- pharmacology , medicine , government regulatory horrors -RRB- in the house . As such , I 've often been called upon to handle the kids ' -- and now the grandkids ' -- difficulties with school work . My eldest granddaughter had been tasked with a summer reading assignment centered upon Lois Lowry 's novel * The Giver * -LRB- 1993 -RRB- , and she brought it to me because she was directed to read it with an adult . Her mother and both her grandmothers decided that I 'm the adult . Oh , well.To skip forward a bit , as the granddaughter is now obliged to deal with the wad of photocopied work requirements associated with this book , I 've been digging through the Internet to find background on this novel , and some sort of insight into the teacherly impulses so obviously behind the pre-packaged study assignments dumped on the poor kid in June . In the process , I 've discovered -LRB- to no surprise whatsoever -RRB- that there 's a massive presence for this horrible thing among the ex-Education majors.Understand , please , that I 'm a science fiction fan . I 'm thoroughly steeped in the genre . I also get my living through research and analysis . Spotting logical inconsistencies , intellectual sloppiness , and lapses in reasoning is the habit of a lifetime . I also used to read a lot of children 's and young adult literature when my children were of an age to plough through such stuff , and I found much of it well-enough written to be pretty admirable.When I began reading * The Giver * with my granddaughter -LRB- who 's a bit dyslexic , and needs plenty of help to translate text-on-page into thoughts-in-mind -RRB- , I kept turning from the contents to the cover , unable to believe that this thing had actually won a Newberry Award . This book was supposed to be on a par with * Maniac Magee * ? Or * A Wrinkle in Time * ? Or even a second-place finisher like * My Side of the Mountain * ? Then I checked out the Newberry Awards list , and took note of more than a decade of Major Suckage in kids ' literature -LRB- to which , I confess , I 've paid not a whole lot of attention in the years between my own kids ' growing-up and the rise to reading of my grandchildren -RRB- . `` Ah , '' I realized . `` John Taylor Gatto 's * Dumbing Us Down * - with a vengeance . Of course . '' * The Giver * falls into a speculative fiction genre commonly known as `` the dystopia novel , '' which includes Ayn Rand 's * Anthem * -LRB- 1938 -RRB- as one of the earlier examples . To the limitedly literate , Orwell 's * 1984 * is perhaps the best example of this sort of `` if this goes on '' procedural , drawing horrible future visions from what are supposed to be lucidly reasoned extrapolations of societal ghodawfulness either proposed or actually in train at the time of writing . There are many more examples , one of them being * An Enemy of the State * by fellow physician F. Paul Wilson , written during the galloping inflation of Jimmy Carter 's idiotic presidency.As a dystopia novel , * The Giver * is an example of Extreme Major Suckage . It is fundamentally dishonest as speculative fiction , and Ms. Lowry is wonderfully fortunate in that the majority of children today - the victims of `` dumbed-down '' government schools - are not customarily exposed to books like Alexander Key 's * The Forgotten Door * or the juvenile novels written by Robert Heinlein during his contract with Scribners ' in the '50s . -LRB- At this point I recommend that the people praising * The Giver * read Heinlein 's * Between Planets * -LSB- 1951 -RSB- or his * Citizen of the Galaxy * -LSB- 1957 -RSB- . Compare Don Harvey of the former book - or Thorby Baslim of the latter - to Jonas of * The Giver * , character developed against character , situation contrasted against situation , context versus context , and consider that not only were Heinlein 's books written for kids of the same age as my 12-year-old granddaughter but they hit print about 40 years * before * Ms. Lowry published * The Giver * . -RRB- The plenum - the `` world '' - of * The Giver * is logistically untenable . That 's a fancy way of saying that it 's too damned fragile to survive for any appreciable time as Lowry has described it . Societal systems of such cloying control , if they were liable to a breach such as that effected by Jonas in the story , would have been ripped to shreds long before the events of this novel.This is an important defect , inasmuch as speculative fiction of both types - science fiction and fantasy - relies heavily upon sustaining the reader 's willing suspension of disbelief . Even with the factitious mental retardation inculcated by government schooling , I do n't see much chance that a reasonably rational child of ten or twelve years ' age could ever manage to get past the `` Sameness '' bilge -LRB- * Induced * absolute color blindness ? Gim me a break ! -RRB- much less the total suppression of human ingenuity and initiative needed to preserve the sociocultural stasis depicted in this novel.To put this in context , consider that the average episode of * Spongebob Squarepants * provides a deeper insight into human nature than does * The Giver * . Besides that , the Square One lives in a fantasy plenum - Bikini Bottom and all the silliness therein - that 's actually better thought-out and more tightly integrated than the community depicted in Ms. Lowry 's novel.I understand why the ex-Education majors -LRB- the public school teachers -RRB- like * The Giver * . After all , it 's been `` machined '' to death with all sorts of off-the-shelf study points and similar pap to be regurgitated by the luckless student -LRB- which means that the teachers can stick it to their victims with about as much thought and effort as an oyster expends in getting his lunch -RRB- , and it 's not exactly an intellectual challenge . Education majors , after all , are without doubt the dumbest damned people graduating from college -LRB- see cumulative US military Stanford-Binet scores on officer candidates according to undergraduate major subject area ; the three lowest-scoring categories every year are education , home economics , and physical education -RRB- . Beyond that , though , public school teachers are the most thoroughly `` velvet fascist '' folks in the country . Think of them as Mussolini 's blackshirts with an ostensibly kinder , gentler face - and a better public relations apparatus . These clowns secretly * admire * the `` Sameness '' in Ms. Lowry 's book , and love to drown the kiddies in noise about how wonderful Jonas ' community would be if only the governing thugs were n't as much inclined to have people `` released '' as is the average Texas politician.Yeah , right ...
 I guess I did n't realize that this was written for someone 's whose brain has not gone past 12 . The best children 's or young adult books do n't every write * for * that crowd ... this one tries hard to dumb down ideas , words , vocabulary -- the whole thing.Wish I could get my money back .
 I liked it better the first time I read it , when it was called Anthem -LRB- by Ayn Rand -RRB- .
 Let 's face it . I had to read this book for a project in school and I was misreable the whole way . I 'm not a big sci fi fan , but even if you were I do not recomend this book.So there 's a guy named Jonas , and in his community there is no love , no nothing . I 'm not going to go into much detail , but I will say this
 This book is awful . The author , Lois Lowry , is gifted , and what others have written about her writing is true - she is good at conveying degrees of pain and pleasure , astounding at introducing a concept as if the reader has never come across it before -LRB- color , music , etc. -RRB- . The problem is Lowry 's agenda , maybe only one an adult could see . The deep dark secret of Jonas ' community is euthanasia - unwanted or unfeasible babies and the extremely aged and fragile are injected with death-inducing drugs . This seems to be a veiled attempt to poison the impressionable reader against abortion and the right-to-die , by playing on his/her emotions - Jonas is so stunned by what he sees his `` father '' do to a baby that he refuses to go home , and runs away from the community . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This book is horrible . I had to read it for an English project , and endured excrustiating pain while reading it . It doesnt have a point . The end doesnothing for the community , and just complicates the meaning of this book . Did it actaully have a point ?
 I will have to give the book a three.I did n't like this book because it was to confusing.It would say something then something else . Some thing totaly different . It was to confusing .
 Book leaves you with no closure ... which would have been fine if the last chapter did n't feel like a complete hack . Simplistic style of writing , with little to no imagination used to create this `` utopia '' , but a compelling story that had me gripped up until the very last chapter ... I real let down .
 I thought that the book was kind of weird . It was mostly about a perfect town but the did not really live the way people where made to live . Basicly they do n't have feelings or know about anything from a normal town .
 The main character Jonas is n't happy with the form of government in his community , so what do you think he will do , run away ? Well that was hard to figure out . No suspense or action is to be found in this boring novel .
 I read this book to a boy named Hckmoud that cant read and has no clothes no food no shelter or anything he enjoyed the book and so did I.
 The messages in this book promote socialistic ideas . Suggesting that imperfect young and the imperfect old can be removed from a culture is a scary idea . The thought of a sinful society ever being able to realize a non hostile environment where all people get along is misleading . The thought that a birth mother is an improved model over the traditional family is another lie . The whole book will leave most kids confused about the real world we live in .
 I read this book in about fourth grade , and I absolutely loathed it . I decided to give it another shot , and once again , found it lacking . Definetely not reccomended .
 The Giver was a very a weird twisted book . I do not approve of this book because it had way to many details that it got boring and it needed a better ending . I have to admit , that at the end there was a lot of suspence . I would n't recommend this book to anyone because it made me think . I like books that tell you what is happening , not books that make you figure that out .
 Can you imagine living in a town where everything is always the same ? Thats how it is for Jonas , because in his town its nothing but just that . When Jonas turns twelve everything is a disaster ... at least now that he is the receiver ! Before he was the reciver everything was fine ; there were no problems.The community was a utopia -LRB- perfect world -RRB- . Now he is chosen to be the recevier then he finds out everything from what objects are colors are to the different types of weather . This story is a weird one . I personally dont care for it . This story is suggested to geeks or people who like confusing stories with twisted ending . So read for yourself and you 'll find out .
 1,000 Monkeys + 10 Typewriters + infinte time = The works of Shakespeare10 Monkeys + 5 Typewriters + 30 minutes = The GiverPossibly the worst book I have ever read . Its only purpose is to take up your time . If I want to read fiction I 'll read C.S Lewis or J.R.R Tolkien . I wasted a whole day on this book ! And , if the author is trying to teach me something , I sure did n't pick it up . In the process of reading this book another thought came to me . If the author really put thought into this book , where there is everything from baby killing to a person burning up , then perhaps she needs a bit of R&R. ; The Giver reminds me of what I think of after a real bad day . I hope you can see what I mean .
 i want to say that the real jonas , is in real an ALBANIAN !!!! The albanian has git the idia but they havent a pen to write ... just that u know .
 The Giver was n't really my type of book . It was good in a lot of parts like the dream he had about Fiona . I am a violent kind of person and I think this book could have used a bit more violence , but over all I rate this a one . Sometimes I wonder what the ending meant .
 that is recommended for students to read ! It is ghastly ! It starts out by sucking you into a mystery that you just ca n't figure out what is going on but with the ending you are left with a `` WHAT ? '' . My children were shocked to find out one of the main characters is a baby killer . What makes this book great ? The others comment about the similiarities to the movie The Village but at least that movie has some good to it and has a message that does n't leave you hanging !
 my class had to read this book for school . it was a very ... interesting book filled with death . i would not recomend this book . nobody in my class liked it . it is an unnerving book . it was slow and boring in my opinion .
 The Giver was an odd book . The beginning was terrible but the middle and most of the end was interesting at times . At the end of each chapter something happened that made you want to read more . I would n't reccomend this book to anyone who likes lots of action and thrills , because The Giver hardly had any . Also , if you do n't like to think a lot while reading , this book is not for you . There are also a few deaths , so if you get upset easily do n't read this .
 It sucks . First off it 's exactly like the movie Pleasantville which really blew . Second off read the ending , He climbs up a snowy hill , the end . That 's really cheesy and boring . Peace out my G-Unit homy . This book is whacked up , know what I 'm sayin ' .
 When I read this book I was in sixth grade . First of all I had a horrible time figureing out what was going on in some parts of its twisted plot . This was certainly the most depressing book I have ever read . When I sit down to read I want to be enjoying myself and this book really did not do that . Finally it is long . It seemed like it took forever to get through this relatively short book .
 Jonas never knew that there was more out there . In the book The Giver by Lois Lowry , the main character Jonas lives in a totally controlled society , it is so controlled they ca n't even see color . In this story , the government controls everything . I do not like this book because it is written in a very formal style . Besides that , I think others might like this book because it is an interesting idea for a story.This book is about a boy named Jonas whose life is totally changed when he turns thirteen . He gets a very special job . Because of his job , he gets emotional . He can see colors and he can know the pain of the past . This job is unique because only one person is chosen for it . After a couple of months working he realizes what a terrible world he lives in and decides to go elsewhere to change his life.This book is written in a formal way that middle school kids might not understand . All the characters talk in a really stiff way . For instance , when Asher speaks angrily to Jonas , he then says `` I apologize for not paying you the respect you deserve . '' The language is hard to read , and this makes the book it confusing . There are common terms , like `` released '' , that seem unfamiliar because they are used in a different way than I am used to . The type of dialogue the author uses makes the book hard to read.I would recommend this book for people who do not like action . This book is very slow . After I had read four two weeks , nothing had happened . I prefer book that are exiting like when you get into something right away . The story however had an interesting . Them that might interest some people.I seriously did not like this book . The dialog was confusing and it was incredibly slow . If there was a bit more action , I might have liked it . However just because I did not like this book , does not mean you will not .
 In a world without feelings Jonas is chosen to be the new Receiver of Memory . That means he alone has to keep all the memories of the past . Gradually he recognizes that the community he lives in is n't that perfect as it 's supposed to be . Together with the Giver of Memory he makes a plan to bring the memories like colors and real feelings back to the members of community ... I did n't enjoy the book very much . It 's just one more book of those that `` inconspicuously '' wants to call attention to the grievances of the world .
 The Giver by Lois Lowry is a very opinionated book . Different people will think different things about the book and I think there are too many choices to make at the end of the story . In The Giver , a child named Jonas is getting his new ` assignment ' for his life and he just happens to get the ` Receiver of Memory ' . He then must receive memories of things that other people in the community do not know.In the Giver , Lowry tried to make some sort of Utopia -LRB- Perfect World -RRB- and wanted to show that this would probably never happen and that this world might be perfect but there are still some flaws in it . The author also tries to show that our world also has flaws . I think the author tried to go too far into the future because it might be a long time until we invent or do things -LSB- are bad -RSB- as
 The Giver is a really bad book to read because when I was reading it I did not understand what the book was trying to tell me . If you 're a student , I suggest not to read this book . There are many other great books you could choose that would be much more interesting . I just felt this particular book did n't keep my interest and you should n't waste your time with .
 Jonas is a kid that seems to have a normal life . However as he starts to grow older he realizes that his town is n't all that great . He notices differences that he 's never seen before . His perfect little town seems to come to start losing its appeal when he learns more about the `` outside . '' This is a great book for children to read , and a great book for older kids to look into the `` hidden '' meanings . I encourage people of all ages to read it.-MM , Sunapee High School .
 Read at my wife 's suggestion knowing that I am a fan of dystopia novels . Cleary an indictment of socialist societies where individualism is anathema and the state is the culture -LRB- as opposed to fascistic societies where the culture becomes the state -RRB- . I do not fault the author for using the literary device of exaggeration to make her point , nor do I fault her for logical errors in her effort to create art , but what I found disturbing is the sub-textual moral of the story
 It is not hard to understand why the content , though seemingly complex , is in fact shallow . It is written for mentally careless or untrained people , especially children , that can be easily led astray if the content does not bring attention to unresolvable problems . Insofar as being used as class assigned reading material for study it should be recognized that most teachers are incapable of sufficient analysis of its content in order to explain it properly to their students . MY LIL 9yrs old got this assigned , ... . OHH myyy !!!!!!! She had nightmares for days !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 i didnt like it at all . the story is strange and the ending was weak . i would not reccomend it !!!!
 Just a note to say my smart , high honor roll children hated this book . It was a 5th grade assignment . They thought it was not believeable and just played a little game of which would be the lesser evil , reading this book 15 times or `` The Lovely Bones . '' I have n't read it , just reporting their sub-optimal reactions . Considering I would like my children to develop a love of reading , this book does n't seem to fit the bill , though they did say it was thankfully quite short .
 Throughout this particular story , I was enthralled by the lack of writing talent . The only use for this book was for a coaster . Also , when I was cold , I made a fire . Lois Lowry is a disturbing author whom I think belongs behind bars . This selection would have been rated less , however -LRB- just like the Giver -RRB- there is a lack of choices for negative stars . The beginning was completely understandable , however as the book continued , I became more disgusted with the thoroughly perceivable message . Read the book , I dare you ! I would not recommend this book to Saddam Hussein .
 To me reading The Giver was just a class assignment . I am not what you would call me a `` reading type . '' If I had to say some good things about it I would say that it had a lot of feeling . To me , The Giver was a wierd book . But it was interesting in some parts of the story . Like when he tells his parents his special dream , that part made me laugh . The Giver was an alright book to me , but to someone else it could be the greatest book they have ever read .
 This book had foul moments of terror ! I read it to my brother Ackmed and my 5 cousins Hockmoud , Backmoud , Ockmod , Mah , and Dod . They are 7 each of them are 7 they were scared of the book ! I do not reccomend this book to anyone !!
 I was supposed to read this book for seventh grade , so when I was reading it , it makes no sense at all . I mean When a little girl turn to an 9 ? what does the nine mean , and in this book this person put has twice , and I would not read this book again , and listen to the person who said only take it from the library , dont buy it , thats why i am rushing to read it . kids like me need a book with laughter , adventure so we kids would read it more , so if you want this book , be careful of buying it , cause this book is a peice of -LRB- junk -RRB- .
 My opinion of `` The Giver '' , is the same opinion as theone I have about Puley Shore movies . They 're quite entertaining in thebeginning , but after awhile , the plot gets dull and eventually loses its flavor . The idea of having a perfect society is a good idea for a story , but dragging out the idea that the characters have no emotions gets a tad bit annoying . I get the idea that the characters have no emotions , but Lois Lowery has to tell the reader every other sentence . She acts like the reader is going to forget or something . I admit , the beginning of the story is good ; how Lowery tells you about the society 's rules , and the Giver 's job , but after all that is said , she says the same thing over again . And the ending was the worst ever in the history of literature . This is a horrible book . I suggest it to people who like to get cheated when they read or anyone who saw `` Lost in Space . ''
 I 've read this book , and I did n't get one thing out of it . It is such a ridiculous idea that a world and its inhabitants do not have any feelings or memories . What a croc .
 I did not care for this book , it reminded me of the strange story of The Hunger Games . I prefer books that are more realistic .
 I dident really like it becuse it was really weird . And it was nothing like you think it whould be . And the reson i give it a 2star is becuse i like exsiting books and it isent really exciting . but if you like books that are not what you think this is one for you . Well keep on redading . you might like it and if you do put a recamandation on hear about it . :0 -RRB- : > -RRB-
 At first I think this book will be a funny book but it is n't . It 's a very hard and sad story . You have no own opinion and you miss all the beautiful events in life . The people in the community live in a prison from which you ca n't escape . For me the book is very interesting - but sometimes a little bit boring . It 's a different style than other books have - that 's one important reason for me to read this book .
 I am an Eighth Grader in Middle School . I read this book for my reading class , in a few days . Lots of my friends had read the book before and liked it . The story is about a Utopian community and a boy , Jonas , learning more about the outside world . I did not find the story line very intriguing . In fact , I found it a little boring . I found myself just wanting to finish the book , instead of enjoying it . There were n't many surprises along the way , and it failed to keep me guessing throughout the book . My predictions were almost all correct , and book just seemed to stop . The ending was probably the worst part of the book . The chapters leading up to the ending seemed to go too fast for me . It was like Ms. Lowry just decided to end the book there . There were other things in the book that just seemed never to be explained . They just were . For example , the places in the book , like the family units , and House of the Old , were not described very well . The author never gave you a visual picture . You could n't imagine yourself there , like in other good books . I also found it too unrealist for me . It was n't a BAD book , just not a good one .
 I think the book is ok , in the begining it is very boring and confusing , but in the middle of thr book it gets very good.I really hate the ending of the book ... : -LRB-
 The Giver may have won the Newberry Book Award , but there are acouple of places in the book that did n't make sense , such as the ending . What happened , he startes rolling down the hill then goes into a house with x-mas lights , did he die or something ? What exactly happened to him?We as a class hade to read this book and are tolled to write a review at Amazon , because thats were we got the books . Many of my calss mates did n't understand the ending .
 There are too many loose ends in this book to make is a satisfying read for an adult . Personally , I found it vapid and would n't give it to a child because it lacks the kind of depth one would want to develop in a tween . Although I 've read many good reviews of this book , I 'm afraid it seems like a re-run of so many other stories
 What a crummy book the Giver is ! A novel should tell a believable story , but nothing in the Giver makes a bit of sense . There is no logic . Did n't Lowry give any thought to the world she was creating when she wrote about it ? This book reads like it was written in a couple quick , careless weeks , and then published without any review.The Giver describes the world of Jonas , a 12 year old boy who lives in a Utopian village . It is a perfectly controlled environment . There is no violence , no hunger , no poverty , and everyone has a job and a meaningful place in the community . But in order to construct this ideal world , the citizens of Utopia have to abide by a strict set of rules . They have to sacrifice a lot of free will to the decisions of the Council . For example , the Council decides who you will marry and what your career shall be . Lowry clearly intends to write a Book With A Message , but her delivery is so bad that it is hard to figure out just what The Message exactly is ! I think the intended Message is this
 I really wanted to like this one too ... I enjoy the dystopia type society and what could be world . I was into this about the first 50 pages or so and then the rest of the book just left me feeling bleh . It 's been done before and better with A Brave New World , 1984 , and Fahrenheit 451 . -LRB- with the first two , so I 've been told , but with Fahrenheit definitely . -RRB- I got the feeling throughout the last half of the book that she was telling me what was good and what was bad and how I should feel . Like with The Adoration of Jenna Fox I want these types of books to lay out the questions and themes without answering them for me.I can see why people enjoy this book ; it 's horrific and kind of thrusts the creepiness and icky factor upon you with a sense of relief that you 're sure glad your life is n't like this ... but it just answered for me instead letting me answer for myself . I guess it 's an OK read if you do n't try to take too many things from it , but I know Lowry was trying to teach here and thus my displeasure .
 Perhaps because it 's so lauded I expected more . It 's just a 1984 , Brave New World , Farenheit 451 , Animal Farm or Clockwork Orange for kids -- I guess . It just made me want to read those books instead.There were many unanswered questions at the end of the book . I would have liked to have known why the community was the way it was and how it got there . How did people only see in black and white ? How did they get rid of the sun ? How did they grow crops if there was no sun ? Why are the birth mothers considered so stupid and low , yet they 're giving birth to the entire community -- therefore giving birth to stupid kids ? How come Jonas is n't stupid?Where is he at the end ? It was n't clear . Or I 'm just too dumb to read into things . I would have liked more of a `` fleshing out '' of the community instead of the bare bones we are given . I 'll buy anything -- just sell it to me .
 In the story The Giver , a boy , named Jonas , lives in a community that the people think is a utopia , but he learns it is the exact opposite . The community is interesting because everything is chosen and done for you . For example , your job is picked for you by a group of elders , and your bike is given to you at the age of nine . At first , Jonas likes his community very much because everything that is needed is provided , and he has nothing to worry about . Then , he is selected to be the receiver of memory , the person who keeps all the memories from different generations . He goes to the Giver who trains him and soon finds that his world is not so great after all . The conflict in this `` utopian '' world is that Jonas wants everything his community does not have . He learns that there are things called love , color , and music . He decides he wants to run away and , in the process , breaks most of the community 's rules . If Jonas is caught , he will be severely punished . After successfully running away , Jonas is miles down the road from where he began his journey and is struggling to keep moving . Jonas sees a colorful house with people inside who seem to love each other , and he hears what he thinks is music . Lowry leaves you there to make up your own ending . The Giver is very well written , for example , the language that is used is not too advanced but at just the right level for a sixth or seventh grader . However , the book gets into a slump in the very beginning and becomes very boring because there is nothing happening in Jonas ' life . Even his escape is not very suspenseful because whenever he is about to be caught , he uses a very dull strategy to get out of the situation . If you 're looking for a book with a lot of action and suspense , keep on looking . I would give this book two out of five stars .
 Disappointing that the CD was obviously overwritten with the story . It was possible to hear some of the songs in the background . All the song titles are still showing - no chapters or book references . I was disappointed and feel a little cheated since it was supposed to be a brand new copy .
 I read this book in my 8th grade English class and I was thoroughly disgusted . I had recently read 1984 the summer before and found the elements of Lowry 's community more than curiously similar to Orwell 's . It seems to me as if Lowry watered down Oceania into a book suitable for children , forfeiting the intensity and powerful writing in the process . If you 're going to teach children about what it is to live devoid of joy or pain , use a good book for once . I did like `` Number the Stars '' by Lowry and was dissappointed that she would stoop to this level of imitation .
 Well I read this book when I was in 5th grade , exited that it would be a good book from reforences my mom had.I absolutly hate it !!! it is confusing , sad , and for me was an unnessisary read . I loved the authers writing stile and I liked number the stars I just do n't think it a good book and would HATE to have to read it again ! I would not recomend it for any one under 7th grade thinking about it that would have been abetter time for me to have read something as nerv-rakking as that , when I was reading the book my Mom picked it up to read a few pages and stumbled upon the very sad part where they kill imperfect babys
 the book isnt for kids under 16 ... it have many sexualle things.i read it twise and i. ... and i. ... i was shocked.so beware kids !!!!! peace ... tupac lives
 this book was a waste of my timethis story takes place in the future and in a society wherebabys are killed if they are not smart and if they remember things . In this story people do not see in color , only in black and white were certain clothes by gender . This sends wrong messages to kids this story does n't make any sense at all only non-sense . I hated this book.i read it in the seventh grade and i still do n't like it even though i understand it now .
 My step daughter had to read this book for school . How sad that we give medals to books that have no message other than that of a liberal perfect world . I found this book very depressing and not edifiying in any way . My wife and I read the book and ca n't believe that there isnt ' t a more positive book that the schools can promote . How sad .
 1994 Newberry medal for `` best children 's book . '' A tale about a hypothetical controlled community . The Government determines how many children per family . In the House of Old , leaders decide when a person is to be released -LRB- put to death -RRB- . At the Ceremony of Release there is a toast , and a good-bye speech is given by the person released . In the birth of twins only one can survive . The smaller twin is `` released '' with a lethal injection . On one occasion , a 12-year-old objects to the practice , but he is mollified by a Giver who points out that her daughter asked to be released 10 years earlier and was given a syringe to inject herself.In one California school system several parents complained about the use of this book and in elementary school . They were told that `` public education may not be the best choice . . `` This book so poignantly illustrates the liberal socialist agenda to ingrain even into our youngest the propaganda that some life is better off without living . It is disgusting and I am appalled that our children are forced to read this garbage , and that our society praises such garbage .
 BrendanNew HampshireThe Giver is about a so-called community of people that are all nearly equal . They ca n't see colors , or even hear music -LRB- lame -RRB- . They 're assigned jobs and there are a set amount of babies born each year . The only names the babies can get are the ones of the recently realeased -LRB- killed -RRB- old people . It 's basically the suckiest place you could be in , only the people do n't realize it because they 're nearly rertarded.This is supposed to be a story about how we need to keep things like love , family , and equality intact . I 'm all for it , but i do n't need 180 pages of crap to teach me a useless lesson . The author , Lois Lowry , must be the stupidest person in the world . With a line like '' ` Gay ! ' He shouted . ` Gay ! ' '' She does n't come accross as very intelligent . Maybe it would be ok if it was funny , but it 's just moronic . I 'd rather read a book of fart jokes than this crap.When I heard that this book was part of a trilogy , I nearly commit suicide . That means that at least a couple hundred people have gone through 3 times the pain that I have . I 'm willing to bet that Lois Lowry feels special for winning the Newberry Medal for this crap . As if that medal were an accomplishment . After seeing that medal on this book , I 'd be ashamed to have it on a piece of my writing.There are so many homosexual references in this book . First of all , the Giver constantly makes Jonas , the main character , take off his shirt . Second of all , the baby Gabriel makes his appearnace by shouting `` Gay ! '' Thirdly , everyone has to take a pill to stop them from thinking about the opposite sex . Wow . I wonder what this says about Lois Lowry.The ending was stupid . Stupider than anything you 've ever seen on VH1 . And everyone knows VH1 is awful . Awful like this book . I recommend that if you see this book in a library , you burn the place down . I think the local police might even be grateful to you for it . Nobody likes libraries anyway . If you hate this book as much as I do , round up as many copies as you can , and come see me . We 'll have a bonfire .
 I am not a prude or a conservative in my outlook on life . By most standards I would be considered fairly radical . That being said , I absolutely can not understand how this book has won the prizes it has as a `` Book for Children . '' While it is well written and thought provoking , and I consider 95 % of it as suitable for kids , the ending may confuse and upset those of more tender years , and the graphic description of a release absolutely will shock and deeply disturb those of a more sensitive mien . I have still not recovered from reading the latter , and I honestly wish I had never read it . It will stay with me for a long time , upsetting me in the process , and I would never want that to be the case with any of my children . Please , parents , do not think this book is a great read for your kids just because a number of `` experts '' have chosen to award it the prizes and accolades it has received . It is , as I have titled this review , GHASTLY , and very disturbing . In closing , I looked at the author 's smiling picture at the back of the book and found myself thinking , `` What kind of person is this woman to be capable of writing such a descriptive passage of a release ? How could she ever want a child to read such a thing ? Is she capable of writing other books that hit in such a darkly disturbing way ? '' I will never be able to answer that last question because I will never read another book from this woman , whom I believe may have some pretty serious mental health issues , especially as it applies to her true feelings about children .
 This book was not very exciting . I think that it could have a lot more suspensful And it needs a little suprise.And that they should not kill peop -LSB- le in this story to me it was very boring .
 I read this book for a school prodject and i hated it it was okay at parts but most of the time it was long boring and draged on about things that had nothing to do with the plot at all . this book is very slow I would not recomend it
 This book tells the story of a boy that gets a job . The most impotent job in the whole community . That job is the giver . The Giver is a story that you never want to read . The book has no description . It is a waste of time.This book is about a boy named Jonas . Jonas , his friends , and his family all live in a strange community . In the community you all have the same birthday . This community has no time for mistakes . The Giver is impotent he is the only one that can see color , have feelings , have memories , ect . This book has no life in it.I would not recommend this book . If I were you I would never look at the book . Some people might like this book but I did n't . I hated this book . It is the worst book to read no questions asked . The book is realy , truly , and positively is not a good read.This book should have caution tape that says , `` Do Not Read ! '' This book is realy bad . I read it in school . I did n't do my homework because I had to read that book . When you are done reading this book review do n't even think about reading this book .
 The Giver is a really bad book to read because when I was reading it I did not understand what the book was trying to tell me . If you 're a student , I suggest not to read this book . There are many other great books you could choose that would be much more interesting . I just felt this particular book did n't keep my interest and you should n't waste your time with .
 The Giver is a really bad book to read because when I was reading it I did not understand what the book was trying to tell me . If you 're a student , I suggest not to read this book . There are many other great books you could choose that would be much more interesting . I just felt this particular book did n't keep my interest and you should n't waste your time with .
 After reading this book , I felt very disturbed about the topic . It has no clear ending , and is just badly written . Do n't read it .
 I didnt like The Giver . It was a boring book and I thought itwould be better.I didnt like the theme of the story . It was confusingand it was boring . I thought it would have been better . Well this is my opinion on The Giver book ... . Have Fun Reading ~ ~ !
 I do not think the book `` The Giver '' was a good book . I do not like how the community was controlled . The book takes place in the future but there technology is not any more advanced than today.It was odd how they released the elderly and the newborns.It was heartless how they released people.I thought it was wrong . It was a somewhat interesting book but I DO NOT recommend it .
 I do not think the book `` The Giver '' was a good book . I do not like how the community was controlled . The book takes place in the future but there technology is not any more advanced than today.It was odd how they released the elderly and the newborns.It was heartless how they released people.I thought it was wrong . It was a somewhat interesting book but I DO NOT recommend it .
 i thought that the book was very confusing . the community that it was placed in was extremely odd . I could not concentrate on the story because it was so strange .
 This book was pretty boring to read . I think it dragged on too long about how he felt in the book . It was pretty much about his life in a community where they have any color . It started out boring but the ending was ok ... Otherwise I hated reading this book .
 The Giver to me was not a good book . You could not leave in the comunity , and the life style was boring . This book was not my favorite . A little advice - do n't read this book . I think the book Green Eggs and Ham was a better book than this book . This book would have been alot better if it had more action . The comunity had alot of dumb rules in it .
 This book needs serious help . Lois Lowry started out with a good idea but turned it into an oversentimental , childlike sci-fi wannabe . Plus , it has a similar plot to another one of her books , Gathering Blue . An author ca n't make money off of two books that have an almost exact plot , except with different character names . I was told that Gathering Blue is a COMPANION , but note that it was never said it was a prequel , sequel , or even book in the series . Take a breath of fresh air and read something else .
 This book is simplistic and sounds like it was written by some child . The ideas present within this novel are unformed and not clearly thought out . This book tries to be another 1984 written in the style of Albert Camus ' The Stranger , but winds up sounding like the Unabomber 's Manifesto written in the style of Dr. Seuss .
 The Giver was one of the most dark , sick , demented & depressing books I 've ever read!It 's amazing to me that the publishers would think this type of book would be suitable for `` young readers . '' It was unnerving to read about the euthanasia of infants in the story and also the suicide of a little girl was just plain sick!I was very upset that this was required reading for my twelve-year-old son . I wish authors and publishers will come to realize that you do n't have to have darkness and death in a book to provoke thought and emotion . Books with a light subject matter can be just as entertaining ! Overall if this book was written for an adult audience I would n't have a problem with it . However being that it was targeted towards youths , it was totally inappropriate !
 The author aborts a slow paced delicately written story with a nonsense ending . At the end of the story , Jonas climbs the hill sees the warmth and love in a colorful world of Christmas , family , fireplace.I did not recall if , there was a big cross or star of jesus on the tree , an old rocking chair with grandma sitting in it . May be we could add a voice - over invoking a Hallmark cards , as the camera pans up and back showing the two dead children on a snowcapped mountain with the sky backdrop of two lone but beautiful shining stars . . A vision of death with love of Christmas and Jesus.I was offended . . I felt ripped off by not being given a thoughtful ending , and felt the author wrote an ending that was as cruel as the murderous cult characters she painted.The reader is entitled to a finish with thought and morality ; not this quasi-symbolic Christian hammer of death.The Beatles knew `` Love love , love , all you need is love , all you ever need is love '' is great for songs that inspire action not just belief . Action not just suffering.Perhaps the author ran out of paper , or the limit of her ideas , or had just come from being reborn . .
 I was expecting a novel but this version of the book is broken up and asks a lot of questions to the reader like I 'm in school . Which is fine , if I 'm in school . If ur looking for the novel version look else where .
 The Giver was one of the most dark , sick , demented & depressing books I 've ever read!It 's amazing to me that the publishers would think this type of book would be suitable for `` young readers . '' It was unnerving to read about the euthanasia of infants in the story and also the suicide of a little girl was just plain sick!I was very upset that this was required reading for my twelve-year-old son . I wish authors and publishers will come to realize that you do n't have to have darkness and death in a book to provoke thought and emotion . Books with a light subject matter can be just as entertaining ! Overall if this book was written for an adult audience I would n't have a problem with it . However being that it was targeted towards youths , it was totally inappropriate !
 In the book The Giver '' the author Lois Lowry describes life in a community which is completely different from our society . The 12-year-old main character Jonas is chosen to be the new Receiver of Memory whose task it is to contain all the memories of the past . All other members of the community live without memories . The community controls and watchs over what everybody does in the community . People do not feel any pain or other things and the people in the community can not see colours or choose on their own . The Giver transmits the memories to Jonas and will be released when he has finished . At the end of the book Jonas and Gabe leave the community , because he can not bear his life in the community.Jonas and his family live in a dwelling . Jonas is a typical child of the community who plays with friends , attends school and does volunteer work . Jonas can not speak to anyone only with the Giver who gives him the memories . Jonas feels lonely , because he can not understand his friends and the people . Jonas has his own opinion on everything and he sees the community from another view . He has many qualities for example intelligence , integrity and courage.The book has an open ending so that the reader can imagine his / her own ending . With the book `` The Giver '' Lois Lowry wants to say that people need freedom and memories and not control . People independent on the community , and this is not right . They must be independent and they must have feelings to go their own ways.I do not like this book , because it is too unrealistic for me . The book does not have any tension and it is difficult to read . The book is not interesting . And the open ending is stupid , because it does not say anything . The book is so boring that I would not read it if I did not have to read it .
 Okay , my teacher assigned the whole class to read this book , The Giver , and the kids who were able to actually read the whole book , did n't like it . Maybe we are a class who just does n't like science fiction books , or maybe the book was n't that good . But a lot of people did enjoy the book , so it is n't the latter.The book was just too weird . Creative ? Yes . Well - written ? Yes . Boring ? Heck yea ' ! Jona 's world is a world without color , a lot of technolodgy is missing , feeling , and just about everything good and bad of life is gone . Everyone is assigned a job . There are the birthing people , the doctors , etc. . But Jona 's job is the job of the highly respected Giver . The older Giver gives the kid feeling , and what it is like in the real world.Plus , the ending was so confusing . NO one understood it . There were too many questions not answered in the book.However , many people obviously loved the book , and some just did n't . If this sounds like your kind of book , buy the Giver . And if this review sounds like something you would write , then do n't buy the book .
 When I read this book for the Children 's Lit class that I teach , I was horrified . Not only is the story ineptly constructed , but it also portrays the blatant manipulation of the child protagonist by the very person who 's supposed to train him for his designated job . I had had high hopes for this book when I started reading it , but clearly Lois Lowry needs some instruction in how to create a functional alternate worldview . Her utopian world makes little sense because she fails to explore it in enough depth . I think if the book had been another 100 pages or so , it might have been worth the reading , but as it is , I 'm horrified by both the popularity of the novel and by the uncritical manner in which it is approached by teachers and students alike .
 This book to me was frusterating . i did n`t like how the people were called males and females . I thought that the book had a GREAT concept and plot but something about the book was just frusterating . I recommend this book just for the experience of reading it , but I warn you that it is very different . l guess that l just had higher expectations than it could fulfill .
 The fact that I had to read it for class did not help me appreciate this book . I did not like the main character , Jonas , or any of the other characters . I was utterly bored , even with the few interesting pages this book provided . I did appreciate the messages that -LRB- my class and -RRB- I got out of this book -LRB- such as how differences are important -RRB- . The ending , though some may enjoy being able to make up their own , annoyed me . I had many unanswered questions by the end of the book . It bothered me that Jonas , knowing the cruelty of his lifestyle and that there was a better place , would leave his impressionable sister there . Jonas is willing to save the baby , but not his own sister ? Having read The Outsiders the year before -LRB- which I had enjoyed immensely -RRB- I had high hopes for this book . Reading this book made me return to my previous opinion that the teachers who choose which books the class is to read enjoy torturing their students .
 Very disappointed with the condition of this book . I chose this one because it said GOOD condition . I wanted it for my son to follow along with in school and make his own notes . The cover was beat up , the pages were ragged and just about every page had notes and marks on it . The seller contacted me via email and discussed a possible return or replacement , and I never heard from them again . Very disappointed .
 Her style of writing sounds childish and unformed , like a child whining when it feels bad . I thought this book would be similar in thought to 1984 , or The Stranger , or maybe some of Herman Hesse 's work , but it is not . This book is shameful mockery of literature .
 The begining was cool and creative , but once Jonas becomes the reciever the book is too slow repetive . And oh yeah , the ending was horrible . Also it is to easy to guess what `` release '' is .
 Reading this book , I learned many things :1 -RRB- That blue-eyed people are spiritually superior to dark-eyed people . -LRB- Racism -RRB- 2 -RRB- That sharing feelings and dreams is bad , and keeping your feelings bottled up inside is good .3 -RRB- That the idea of community and interdependence is bad , but rugged individualism is good .4 -RRB- That Old-Folks ' Homes and daycare centers are bad , because they really are `` death-panels '' in disguise .5 -RRB- Providing three square meals a day is bad , but starvation is good because it helps people develop `` feelings '' .6 -RRB- Bicycles are bad , but sledding downhill is good.Now what does all that sound like ? Why , it sounds like typical right-wing fascist propaganda.Congradulations , Ms. Lowry , for being able to disguise your propaganda as `` serious literature '' , and for being able to foist it onto kids with very little serious objection from parents.Needless to say , this book is not for kids , and never should have been placed in the kid category . Instead of making kids think , this book tells them what to think . If the author wanted to write true literature , she would have had the main character die at the end of the book . Only then would I even remotely recommend it to kids .
 Book had so many highlighted paragraphs and notes in the margins that it was completely unreadable . I would n't have minded a few marks but this copy was n't good for anything but the trash .
 The ONLY reason I went ahead and read , THE GIVER , by Lois Lowry is because it was chosen for one of the book clubs I attend . Like many reviewers I 've read Orwellian books ; and more importantly , books which included a wide range of ideology of social , political , and religious philosophy written by famed scholars -LSB- Socrates , Aristotle , Plato , John Locke , Nietzche , Karl Marx etc. , -RSB- . For this reason , it escapes me why anyone with a minimal education that included a few courses in classic philosophy/literature would bother with this book.From the first pages , I became IMMEDIATELY impatient with the book 's premise and storyline . I found it irritating , impertinent , and ultimately irrelevant . Worse , despite claims to the book 's creative ` originality ' I found this to be an overstatement.Why was I frustrated , annoyed , and unnerved by Lowry 's , THE GIVER ??? Probably because the notion of a perfect society - by it 's very definition is flawed , and thus futile.Conversely , I absolutely do give credit to Lowry for her efforts -LSB- and courage -RSB- to tackle an ` absolute ' theory such as perfection and/or utopianism into a story which attempts to expounds ` ideal ' concepts such as societal equality , justice , and absence of suffering . This is a high goal for any writer . Yet , for me this seemed rather presumptive - and a somewhat naive and unnerving premise . For example , from the onset , the dialogue which Jonas has with his family group when they gather at the table to express their ` feelings ' about events of their day , I knew immediately the futility of the task facing Jonas when he expressed his fears about becoming a ` twelve ' - not yet aware that he would assume the role as ` The Giver ' . Consequently , for me , it was a ` no-brainer ' that Lowry 's ending fell off the cliff . How could she possibly postulate -LSB- literally or figuratively -RSB- a credible scenario wherein Jonas ' society could thrived harmoniously and in unison within ` utopian perfection ' . -LSB- Oxymoron . -RSB- Finally , ideologically , I simply did not like the book primarily because implicit in the concept -LSB- definition -RSB- of utopianism is the ideal of a ` perfect ' society or world order . To this end , Lowry 's fails clumsily in her attempt to construct a storyline which ULTIMATELY brings forth a social-cultural utopia where all the various factors come together in ` perfect ' unity and harmony to contrast with a society absent of order and in chaos.Post Script 8/19/12
 This is a creepy , dystopian novel about a society that appears to be perfect but really is n't . How many of these have been written ? I got a weird feeling when they talked about the pilot being released for an error - Wow . I could almost see the creepy smiles . MWAAAHAAHAA ... I had to read this for English , and I have hated my teacher since for making me read this . This book just bored me to death , reading it was like pulling eyeteeth . Especially with all the memories . After a point , I did n't even care !! -LRB- I wonder , did I ever care ? Probably not . -RRB- Their perfection also bored me . How monotonous . This was also really creepy , because they were going to kill an innocent baby just because he could n't sleep !! The sled was also confusing ... What the heck is so important about a sled ? In short , a creepy book about a futuristic society that bored me to death . Please do not read for the sake of your sanity .
 I was very upset , as I did want to read this book . I received a cover page and then all of the rest of the pages were blank . I returned it and bought it again , and the same thing . Very disappointing .
 When I saw the reviews and the number of reviewers , I bought the book . As I believe that science fiction is about things that COULD happen sometime . The Giver does n't fit into that concept . Happily Amazon returned the purchase price , ***** for Amazon .
 The whole book was great . It seemed to me that there would be a part two but the ending made no sense . Even the author herself said that you can interpret the ending in two ways . But both meanings to the ending sucked!Pretty much the author ruined a good thing in the end . Dumb broad
 A review by KayteeThe Giver is a novel set in black and white talking about the color of emotions . This book is focused on telling the world how there should be no hate , no crime , no hurt or pain . It also describes everyone being happy and living a cheerful life , as we all know , that 's not how it is in this world unfortunately . A young man given the name Jonas was given the chance to become the quote on quote `` Receiver of memories . '' As he turns 12 years old he 's known as The Giver . He sees everything in a good way but realizes how much of a difference there is in the world.I did n't enjoy reading `` The Giver '' at all . The beginning of this book was so boring , and did n't catch my attention one bit . But as a read on and on I would get more into it . But soon enough it would lose my attention again . The beginning was a little bit strange at some parts . Towards the middle I enjoyed a lot ! I think it is because that 's where all the action is , and the ending , well , let 's just say the author really lost me there ! I think this book deserves two starts because it 's that kind of book that can catch your attention at some points but others you just feel as if you do n't want to read it anymore . Hopefully next time we choose a book to read I 'll know its one I actually have an interest in.I strongly do not recommend this book to a young adult . I think this book should before mature audiences because he talks about injections as well as his love for a lady . I do n't think that should be allowed for a 9 or 10 year old .
 I thought that the book was kind of weird . It was mostly about a perfect town but the did not really live the way people where made to live . Basicly they do n't have feelings or know about anything from a normal town . The people do not know war , love , hunger , they also did n't know what dieing was , and no one new that released ment killing some one .
 The Giver by Lois Lowry is an okay book , but may leave you hungry for more . It is a thinking book , making you ask questions to yourself most of the time.The book is good in the beginning but it has a terrible ending . This one is okay for a checkout from the library , but do n't set your expectations to high . It could have been great but the ending brought it down .
 Can you imagine living in a world where there are no memories or feelings ? This book written by Lois Lowry , was alright until the ending . It was pretty cool how you found out that these people are color blind but it was totally unrealistic . There were many surprises that I did n't expect to happen but it was kind of odd that the community did n't even know what pain or love was . I personaly hated the end of the book because they left many things unanswered like what happened to the Giver , what happened to the community , and what happened to Jonas and Gabriel.I would recommend this book to someone who likes wierd books but not to someone who likes good books like me .
 Terribly slow and old fashioned . I really did not like it and struggled to get through it . The story is original and different to most things I read , it just was outdated . Sorry.Ages 18-99
 The Giver did not spark my attention . It was very boring and I found myself thinking of other thignss while reading this book . What I did n't like about The Giver specifically was the ending . I found it very difficult to read because you do n't know what is happening to Jonas . The ending just plain did n't make sense to me as the reader .
 It was o.k. until the very ending . It was very confusing and hard to understand . I personally did n't care for it .
 Lios Lowry 's The Giver is a good book ay first , but thern as it reaches the end it loses the its touch . The book just stops you as it was getting to get better . As if you were talking to some one on the phone you are disconnected right when something important was about to be told . But it does have the effect of you gluing your eyes to the page . when your eager to find what happens next . But from all the work Ms. Lowry did on the book , I feel she could have done a little better .7.2 DB
 this book has a great story line , but a terrible ending . I really wish the auther would hve either taken off the last paragraph or so , or added a few more chapters . also i found that the way that people were released was a bit disturbing , but the way that jonas 's dad releasesd the newborn child was the most disturbing of all , especially how he lied about it . Good book , just skip the ending .
 I 'm a little disappointed with the author . I feel like she came up with an incredible story , but just did n't take it where it needed to be taken . This story had the potential to be an amazing story about the triumphs and tragedies of human existence . It could have taken you to the graphic and horrible lows , and then right back up . But it fell flat . I understand that the book was for young adults , but I feel the memories were hurriedly described and could have been so much more poignant.One of the most poignant moments in the book is when Jonas sees his friends playing `` war '' immediately after experiencing a memory of real war and he is shocked and appalled . But even this scene does n't make sense ! They live in a community where you 're not even allowed to say unkind things to people , and yet they let the children run around and pretend to shoot each other?To make matters worse , the ending made very little sense . There 's a fine line between leaving it up to the reader 's imagination and just not giving enough explanation , and I felt that the ending in The Giver fell on the wrong side of that line . It also seemed to have very little to do with the actual plot and moral of the story.I just feel like the author squandered the amazing gift that this story could have been . I wish she would rewrite it for adults and put a little more effort into it .
 This book was not that very interesting since I really do n't like reading.I thought this book could make me fall asleep even with loud sounds by me.It could have been since I hate reading long books like this one.But I still read it so I kind of liked some parts of it.I really did n't understand it that 's why . Books bore me so do n't take it personaly alright.I liked the idea of them trying to save Gabriel.The whole memories thing was dumb in away .
 This was one of the first books I got that I really disliked . My mom got it for me when I was about 11 or 12 and I got all the way to the `` baby part '' -LRB- which I 'm sure you all have heard about ... uck ! -RRB- I had to put it down because I was crying to hard . I decided to finish it because I really liked the main character and still wanted to know the ending but to this day I still do n't know how it ended because that one chapter was haunting me and I could get it out of my head . Anytime me and my friends talk about books in general I always say how I could n't stand this one .
 The GiverBY Tori HallI thought the book The Giver was ok . The beginning of the book started out good but as the book went on I found that it got strange . The book took on a very science fiction sense as it got into the book . The book changed from being a book about a different community to being a book that kept talking about people killing other people with shots . I found it changed around too much through out the book to really enjoy it . And last of all the ending left me confused . I did not know if the main character Jonas had died or if he found A different place or what . I think another factor that made me not really enjoy the book is the fact that we had to read it for school . When you are forced to read something you do not enjoy it as much as if you choose to read it .
 Written at a 6th grade reading level , The Giver has very little literary or stylistic value . It is filled with cliched rhetoric such as `` intelligence '' `` integrity '' , `` courage '' , and `` wisdom '' -- words fit for a middle school graduation . Lowry creates a futuristic world that seems too much like a follow up of Orwell 's * 1984 * , and is really a very bland version of * Brave New World * . The themes and ideas can hardly be called original . Though for a children 's book , it is quite valuable in its effective warning against modern society 's trend toward regimentation and sterilization . As for anyone over 12 years of age , read Brave New World if you want intellectual stimulation .
 The Giver by Lois Lowry is just another example of a potential classic destroyed by lack of any interest whatsoever . Social-Science fiction writing is by no means Lowry 's strength . She should have stuck with those Anastastia books I recall reading in the 2nd grade . Anyway , within the last four years or so I 've grown an affection for those types of books that are all aimed at explaining `` alternate universe/societies '' that we should be glad we do n't live in . For example , 1984 by George Orwell , and Ray Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 and The Martian Chronicles . If I had not previously read these , I probably would have liked The Giver a lot more . The problem was that Lowry left too many questions unanswered for the book 's own good . Sure , with a story like this it 's always good to leave some things open for you to consider , but Lowry led it to the point where parts of the book lacked continuity . Another thing that bothered me was how the Giver `` gave '' the memories into Jonas via telekinesis . That was somewhat understandable , but when it got to the point where Jonas saves Gabriel 's life by giving him the memory of warmth . That crossed the line in my mind ... plus all the other things thrown in to it ... so , Ok , let me see if I 've got this straight ... no heat , no cold , no hills , no weather , no sex , no choices ... and too much unanswered . There also appears to be a lot of confusion as to Jonas ' world being considered by its citizens as the `` perfect world '' or the `` ideal society '' . The problem with that of course is that how would the people know what a perfect world was ? They know only their society and no others -LRB- with the exception of the Giver himself -RRB- . However , most of what I just wrote could be cancelled out if Lowry just meant for The Giver to be just a quickly-read little novel for entertainment -LRB- it would have dragged on had it been any longer -RRB- , and I agree it 's a good lead-in to other books with the same idea . However , if Lowry meant to write a big , unsettling , revolutionary , thought-provoking book , she could have tried a lot harder . I 'm pretty sure that she did n't , though . After reading The Giver I yearned to read something with more depth and theory ... so I did . I went and picked up the first book of The Martian Chronicles , and I felt a little better . So to sum it all up , The Giver was a quick read -LRB- the chapters are short -RRB- , and is probably a good book for a twelve year old to read if he/she has a lot of questions about society and what it could be -LRB- sixth-grade teachers , this means you ! -RRB- , or if he/she has an interest in social-science fiction . I have just been spoiled -LRB- or enriched -RRB- with books that do a lot of a better job explaining themselves . Whether or not you found my review helpful , I 'm just glad you read what I had to say .
 This book immediately captivates you and puts you inside of a world unlike what we know . It was a real page turner at first . But , there were some things that I feel should have been better explained to make the story feel more real . For example , that author did n't explain HOW the people were unable to see color or HOW all hills were removed . About 3/4 of the way done , I realized that the end of the book was rapidly approaching and wondered how it would end . Well , it seems the author got a little bored and just decided to end it . The ending was terrible . TERRIBLE . This book had so much potential and the storyline itself was interesting . I really wish the author would have made the book longer and added an ending that would have made sense .
 This seems to be a rather heavy-handed polemic , a _ 1984 _ for kids , though frankly I think the kids should skip straight to _ 1984 _ . Lowry 's manufactured rightspeak is awkward , the dark surprises hidden beneath the placid surface of the supposedly Utopian society are not at all surprising , and , worst of all , her world is just not believable . Yes , it 's fictional , and probably even allegorical . It still should be possible , or at least believable , in order to be chilling and convincing . A society that has learned to control the climate , iron the hills out of the landscape , prevent anyone from seeing colors , etc. ? Give me a break . To say nothing of the fact that apparently many citizens are aware of the `` secrets '' underlying their paradise -- the old , defective , or just plain extra are euthanized , etc. -- but yet no one before Jonas has tried to blow the top off the system for centuries . And the old `` they had perfect lives , but yet they did not feel LOVE '' line is trotted out in all its triteness . And while I understand that Lowry was trying to depict a society startlingly different from our own , it 's a little sinister that this supposedly-perfect-and-actually-EVIL society is notable for having women in positions of responsibility and power , and allowing men to work in childcare -LRB- though I have to note that this was a minor detail , and not the major thrust of the book at all -RRB- . Also , I find Rifkin 's reading extremely annoying . Surely they could have found someone with a perfect , bland , middle American non-accent to narrate the story of the perfect bland society . He makes the kids sound whiny and the Giver sound like he 's been chain smoking for the past 40 years . The background music is also cheesy.I gave 2 stars rather than 1 as the writing was n't completely bad and I appreciate her inventiveness and attempt to spread warnings about conformity . However , I hate to see classrooms using this dumbed-down dystopian tale ; there 's enough REAL literature out there that teenagers should be at least trying to read _ 1984 _ or _ Brave New World _ instead .
 ok i can understand why this book got a newberry metal , it had a good plot and it is worth reading but i found that i did n't really like the characters and i thought that it was alittle too improbable even for a sci-fi book . as i said before you should get this book and it is worth reading at least to give you a new idea of what life might be like in the future .
 The shipping was amazingly fast . However the book was listed as regular paperback and it was a mass market paperback . Also the pages are all so yellowed it 's hard to read . Not what I would have called `` good condition . ''
 Laborious . As writers voices go , this one is droning the minutes of the Petty Bureaucrats ' Town Planning Meeting . There are plenty of other dystopias to read , executed rather better . Pace , characterization , vivid description , originality are all notably absent from this book .
 I thought The Giver was good literature because full of feelings , also , it had lots of description , and last it had a surprise ending . First , this book was full of feelings because all of the memories had a different feeling to them . Next , this book had lot of description because when Jonas broke his leg they went into ALOT of description . Last , this book had a surprise ending . They could have given us a little more detail about what happened to Jonas and Gabe . The last thing they said in the book was `` Behind him , across vast distances of space and time , from the place he had left , he thought he heard music . '' This is why The Giver was good literature .
 I thought The Giver was good literature because full of feelings , also , it had lots of description , and last it had a surprise ending . First , this book was full of feelings because all of the memories had a different feeling to them . Next , this book had lot of description because when Jonas broke his leg they went into ALOT of description . Last , this book had a surprise ending . They could have given us a little more detail about what happened to Jonas and Gabe . This is why The Giver was good literature .
 I 've been required to read this book for my reading class . We took quizzes onit and discussed the book . I really did n't enjoy reading what I read because it ` sabout the future with a perfect society . Why would someone want to live in thatkind of place ? No competition , and you 're assigned your future job , your child -LRB- s -RRB- , and your spouse . How Pathetic . What 's the point in life if everything has to beperfect . No wars ? No memories ? I 'm glad to have my memories and I do n't want toforget them . The only reason why I 'm giving this book 2 stars instead of 1 isbecause Lois did a good job on descibing the characters and what 's going on . Ijust do n't like the storyline . Now , her other book ` Number the Stars ' was fantasticand I rate that a 5 because it 's also based on true events . It definatelycreates mood in the story of sarrow and pain . But ` The Giver ' should n't have recievedthat award . But that 's just my opinion .
 I had to read this book for 9th grade APP english . I found that in the begining i was excited to read it after hearing all the reviews and praise for it . Half-way through the book , I knew that i did n't like it , and I would n't be persuded into liking it . This book had alot of potential , but it failed to measure up . It did n't get exciting until the end , and the ending was not satisfying . I understand the ending was supposed to be happy , but it just left the story feeling incomplete . .
 Can you imagin a perfect world but the world is n't as perfect as you think . Well a boy name Jonas finds this out . He becomes the receiver who keeps all the bad memories . If someone dose something bad they get released . It is a place were you first might wont to live there but after a while you think it is a terrable place . i really did n't really like this book . Some parts are that good but you do n't have to take my word for it.-Patrick Haberl -
 Could you imagine living in a world that is always tring to be perfect . This book is called The Giver and it was written by Lois Lowery . The main characters of this novel are Jonas , Gabrial , Mom , Dad and the giver . The setting in this novel is in the community . The main conflict in the novel is that Jonas does n't like that world cause it is so terrible . I think that the community is a dystopia because they try so hard to make it perfect but they make it a nightmare . I think that book is an ok book because it was n't my type . - Duane Duncan
 A boy named Jonas gets a job called the Reciever of Memory . He has to take a pill for something called stirrings . Jonas is twelve years old and has a sister named Lilly . Lilly is eight years old . His dad is a nurterur . No I did n't like this book because its senery is in the futer . I was n't interested in the book . I would recommend this book to people who are intrested in the futer.By : Philip
 As much as I wanted to love this book , I cannot.I adore sci-fi and dystopic novels , but this books writing was just awful . Lowry leaves an absurd amount of questions unanswered and it 's seriously like she just gave up on the ending . It 's almost as if she decided it would be better left like that , so all the school kids who have to read this worthless book are forced to write an ending as part of their grade for `` The Giver '' 's unit.I do n't believe in censorship -LRB- it basically says to teenagers `` I 'm banned ! Therefore , I MUST be good if your teachers do n't want you to read me . '' -RRB- , but I definitely do n't believe this book belongs up there with all of the other great classics that kids are required to read , like `` To Kill a Mockingbird '' . If you are interested in bringing young adults into this genre , I suggest `` The Hunger Games '' by Suzanne Collins.Such an amazing idea falls flat on its face .1 out of 5 stars .
 The Giver is not good literature . The book is not good literature because it does not share an important message , the characters are not believable , and it is not full of feelings . The book does not have an important message . In the book it explains how everything is the same . In our town this will never happen . The characters in this book are not believable . They are not believable because they have pills that make them not have feelings for anyone . Also , they ca n't have their own kids . They have things called family units . One last reason of why they are n't believable is because they have a speaker that tells them everything to do . On page 23 it says , `` Attention . This is a reminder for male elevens that objects are not to be removed from the recreation area and that snacks are to be eaten , not hoarded , '' This is the speaker telling Jonas what to do . Lastly , the book is not full of feelings . A boy dies in the river and no one is even sad . Also , when people are released they are just killed . No one in the community is scared to do it or sad that it is happening . This is why I think that `` The Giver '' is not good literature .
 When my 7th grader was reading the Giver and said the book was very strange , I picked it up myself to read . It is a strangebook that is very sad , dark and about a society of people that does not experience life as it really is , but experiences life in a controlled way . There is no pain , love or self expression . The old are sent to the house of old to live until death , never to embrace grandchildren . The weakest in the community are `` released '' which means they are murdered . The scene in the book where the youngest twin -LRB- twins are n't allowed -RRB- is injected with a lethal injection , goes thru spasms , then goes limp and dies is ultra sad for anyone to read , let alone a young reader . The law does n't apply to this community . What exactly is the books value to our children and what lessons are they learning ?
 I think Lois Lowry wrote a very fantastic book . It left me thinking for hours about what happened to Jonas and Gabriel . This is one of favorite books ever . You should buy this book .
 I thought this book sucked . We had to read it for school and I practically fell asleep through the whole book thats how boring it was . It was so dull no color or excitement to it .
 Out of the two books that Mrs. Lowry wrote , that I read , I like The Giver the best . I thought Number The Stars was kind of boring . I liked how Jonas was my age , in The Giver , so I could relate to him a bit . And , even though Gabe was n't Jonas ' brother , I could relate to that , too . So , I could really get into the book , because of that.I did n't like the ending of The Giver , though . I do n't think many people liked the ending either . So , I have a request , could you make another book , of the same topic , but with a better ending ? I also did n't like the whole release thing . Especially with the twins , how they would kill the one who weighed the least.Overrall I would say this was a great book , and just forget about my rating I put ! I really got in to it , even though it was an assignment for my English class , well , now that I think about it , so is this letter !
 What might have been a decent book , was all killed in the end . I am not sure how anyone gave this book 5 stars . It does not seem like a completed book at all , the ending completely left you hanging . I thought at first that it was the first set in a trilogy , only to find out that the subsequent books are not actual follow-up books but rather books with seperate characters , plots and societies . How disappointing ! Its like the author got bored with writing the book and decided to just end it . Save yourself some time and skip this book .
 This book , The Giver , is written by the well known author Lois Lowry . She is a very talented author and has won many awards for this book . This book takes place in a `` perfect '' community . It is run by commity of elders . They make all the decisions for the community because they think that they will make the wrong decisions in life . When you become a nine , which is your age , you receive a bike . When you becaome a twelve you will receive an assignment which is just like yoiur job . Jonas is picked to be the receiver of memories which is a very honorable job . The giver must give the receiver the memories . Jonas gets all the feelings that he has never felt before . He desperately wants to see the real world . Overall this book was not to good . It was very hard to keep reading it .
 The begining of this book was good . It is a good idea for a book but it seems incompleat . I had to read this book in 6th grade 2 years later i bought it so i could see why i hated it . It 's because at the end he is just at the top of the hill looking down . It needs to tell what hapens next . Some books that i read are like that except the endings are writen so that you can imagin what happens . The Giver just stops . I think the book should be rewritten with a better end . Maybe I will write a sequal .
 I do n't recommend this book because it was boring ! I thought it made no sense . It was very weird that his world had no color , and so many rules ! In the book I felt that it put down pregnant woman . It had no choice to it , meaning that the people of this community had no say in who they were going to marry , their jobs and they did n't even have their own children ! BUT alot of people also enjoyed the book , but I do n't recommend it .
 1 . GRAINYThe poster picture of the super-sized star birth turned out to have a VERY GRAINY quality of picture . The grainy appearance of the soft nebulas and colored clouds is EXTREMELY apparent . The grains are LARGE and appear most clearly around the upper left quadrant of the square poster , near the nebulas , but you can tell the entire poster was printed using a low resolution .2 . SOME COLORS NOT AS VIVIDAlso , the red colors as you see them on the screen are much less vivid on the actual poster . They are toned down and do n't look saturated enough . The poster looks quite FLAT and unimpressive compared to the enhanced , colored poster on the webpage here .3 . GIANT LETTERS ON TOP AND BOTTOMFinally , the poster on this webpage as you see it leaves out a HUGE detail -- it actually has a large title and description , which , in my personal opinion , detracts from the photographic composition . The letters are very large on the top , and on the bottom , the description also has medium sized white letters against a black background . They draw too much attention in my personal opinion , BUT MOST IMPORTANTLY , the seller failed to show the product exactly as it was.If it has letters , fine , but be fair and show us the product as it really is .4 . CONCLUSIONNot worth 15.00 . Maybe this would be worth 1.25 at a garage sale . But if you stand anywhere near it you will see the grains . I did get one poster before from poster revolutions called `` birth of a star '' which is more saturated and the quality is great . no grainy quality , no giant visible pixels .
 This scale is completely inaccurate . The needle wo n't even stay in one place if you shift even the smallest amount . Fit only for the junk pile .
 I have NO idea how to use this thing . I wanted to make chocolate bottles , but it did n't go together well whatsoever . Folding it did n't work , so I cut it and that did n't work either . Oh well !
 This product was not well made for the price charged . I would have expected a heavier gauge pan to start . This is no heavier than some of my cheap pans . Unlike most spring-form pans , the bottom does not fit into a groove in the side . The side is simply turned over and there is a gap where the seam meets the bottom . Result - a leak . One other annoyance is that the label was adhered with glue that would not soak off or scrape off with a wooden spoon . I had to resort to a solvent to remove the residue . A lot of manufacturers are going with a type which easily rubs off , almost in a roll . If you 're interested in a small cake pan , there are better choices .
 The pan was functional but so cheaply made it easliy bends out of shape . A cheaply made pan compared to the similar pans I bought at the grocery store . I bought this pan because I could n't get a 12 inch anywhere else .
 This is the most terrible cheesecake pan I have ever seen ! I ordered it and I 'm in the process of returning it . The outside does not fit properly around the base , so when you fill it with water it leaks like a freaking faucet . This is not a drip sort of a leak , this is a steady stream . I even have to pay for the shipping to send it back . I am extremely angry .
 What a dissapointment ! Aesthetically , this box is gorgeous and well made for the money . It has the potential to be an excellent value , BUT there is one GLARING ISSUE . Mainly , there is not enough room or clearance between the glass cover and watch face , and the drawer and watch face when using the ` display pillows ' to display many typical average sized watches ! And you can forget about storing a larger ` Lupah ' type watch in this box , if you want to use the display pillows . Whoever designed this box obviously did n't take watch size into consideration . Maybe if smaller ` display pillows ' were provided , the problem might be alleviated . I would have easily given the product a 5 star rating if the watches fit properly .
 I ordered the hair product and qualified for the free shipping which said it would take a little longer . After about 2 weeks the item had not even shipped yet so I changed the order to standard shipping -LRB- 3-5 business days -RRB- . After another week it still had not shipped so I cancelled the order altogether .
 I purchased this set thinking that Cuisinart had improved the quality since there were so many reviews on the cracked handles ... of course they had n't . 13 of my knives were cracked , that 's over half the set ! I called Cuisinart and they directed me to another company that handles their cutlery -LRB- phone number for those with the same problem is 1-800-252-3390 -RRB- . After waiting on hold and being bounced around for an hour , I finally spoke to a representative that told me that the set was discontinued and offered me either the KitchenAid red set or a black or stainless steel Cuisinart set . The actual blades and weight on this set are great , but I would pass on this product and just purchase another brand or the stainless steel set and save yourself a lot of time on the phone .
 This is a nice stand , but when I got it it was poorly packaged and busted in several places . They were good about refunding my money , but if you 're going to buy this , make sure you live close enough to go and pick it up . It 's not something that should be shipped if they are not going to package it properly so it is not damaged .
 Received my `` plastic '' chocolate molds last week and was more than disappointed . Though `` cheap '' they were beyond cheap as I have seen free plastic stuffing more sturdy . In a time when we are trying to keep things out of the landfill and be able to `` reuse '' things why would you market something that is such a piece of `` crap '' . I will be lucky if it does not break the first time I use it . Needless to say I will not be purchasing any more in the future.Signed , Linda
 Althought I did not buy this item from Amazon , I wanted to warn others how cheaply made this item is . I was so glad I did not pay for shipping and was able to return the item . It was dented when I received it . The opening mechanism was not smooth and the decorative rubber gasket tore after several attempts to open and shut the bread box ... buyer beware !
 I took the new Oggi breadbox out of its box and began to wash it . The sharp slit on the inside of the breadbox cut my finger so badly that I had to go to the ER . The design is seriously flawed .
 After one wash cycle , these sheets split at the seams . Otherwise soft and comfortable .
 I bought these back a few months ago for 29.99 including the blanket . The first pair I recieved - I discovered a hole as I was putting on the bed for the first time . Amazon was extremely helpful in replacing ! These fit my pillowtop bed well - but am extremely dissappointed in the amount of piling in them already . Ca n't believe they raised the price !
 After one wash the fitted sheet shrank and color leeched onto it so it has grey splotches in places . We do n't even have a deep mattress but now the bare mattress shows on the sides . It 'll have to go in our next garage sale .
 My husband is complaining that they are scratchy and he 's right . They are not comfortable even after 2 washings .
 These sheets are not soft . I gave these as a present , and when they peeled off the label the glue still stayed on the sheets and did not come off . I was very embarrased . They tried everything . Freezing the glue , using adhesive remover , pure soap , nothing worked . NOTHING
 The worst product I ever bought I Amazon . It looks like a `` T-shirt '' or rag or whatever you can call it . Very cheap material and very cheap design .
 I was first a little irked to find the sheets glued to a piece of cardboard that left residue when pulled away , but I figured that would wash away with time.What really has me disappointed with these sheets is the fact that they pilled after the * second * washing . I 've always been under the impression that all-cotton sheets were less likely to pill . Does this not apply to jersey sheets , or are these just bad sheets ? I have to wonder now that I 'm starting to see them at discount outlet stores for even less than what I paid during Amazon 's Friday Sale .
 This sheet set is described as like a `` t-shirt and slightly stretchy . '' It 's true , but I do n't know if that 's a good thing . The sheet was a bit scratchy . I thought a couple of washings would soften them up , but it helped only marginally . I 've also noticed a problem with piliation .
 I was really disappointed with these jersey sheets . After one washing , they `` pilled '' really bad . I still use some jersey sheets I 've had for years and they have never `` pilled '' . The price was great but not the product .
 The color of these sheets is much dull and non-rich looking than shown in the picture . The sheet size is right and the jersey fabric is stretchable but the sheets look cheap and nowhere close to looking luxurious . I believe that 's what you 'd expect for this price .
 Poor Quality Control
 The sheets arrived soft and after washing stayed colorfast but shrunk . They were difficult to get on the mattress .
 Looks good , feels soft , but ends there . After 3 total days on the bed , the surface is filled with scratchy ` pills ' . I understand they can happen over time , but I have never seen anything like this . Soon to be buffing the car .
 I bought two sets king size . Both sets pilled and balled up badly . My 3 year old niece would n't take a nap in my bed b/c she said it felt dirty . I just put the sheets on that morning . Now I am stuck with two sets . Only had them for two months tops .
 I 'll be brief
 Pros
 The shaker works great , tight seal but after several cleanings the printed design on the outside of the glass came off .
 These cups are not for actual use . They are too small and can only be used for display .
 I ordered 2 sets about a month apart.First set gave without opening - BIG MISTAKE !! Website indicates there are 14 pieces of cutlery - NOT !!!!!! There are 13 pieces , altho there are 14 slots in the block + all knives are VERY dull . I sent the 2nd set back but have not been able to do anything about the 1st set - just stuck with it . Another lesson learned!They are very pretty to look at ...
 The picture of the sign is not how it looks when you get it.The picture is correct.It should not be SB-2C , it should be SB2C .
 The Duvet cover comes with too much lint . To top it off , the product description mentions pillowcases as part of the package , but promptly fails to arrive . This repeated with the replacement too!The material is pretty nice I think except for the lint . Maybe after a few washes it will settle down.Amazon customer service requested me to return the item and were pretty nice and apologetic about it . I feel that they did a good job so far .
 Yes , the above comment is very true . I received my stock pot yesterday and the steaming basket is not the same as shown in the picture . It looks like the one that is shown in the picture for the 30 quart one . I did see some instruction pamplets that came along with the stock pot . I 'm going to see if there is any number that I can call . If i find one , will come back and update the post . Otherwise , this is a very sturdy stock pot compared to the branded stock pots for which you pay lots of money !
 I ordered this stockpot and it came the next day , it was beautiful and perfect for my purpose for steaming seafood . However , the steaming basket was the wrong size , it 's too small and falls right into the bottom , and it 's only a few inches deep , not like the basket shown in the picture . I called Amazon about the problem , the only thing they could advise is to have me return the whole thing -LRB- pot plus the basket -RRB- and asked for a replacement , they said they would n't be able to find anyone I could talk to , I told them if I asked for the replacement I will most likely get the same wrong product again but customer service -LRB- I think they are in India -RRB- insisted on having me drop off the product to UPS . So I did , and sure enough today I got the same thing , now I have to return it and get the refund since it 's a waste of time and resource for both sides . What a shame , it was a beautiful stockpot , I wish sometimes people can look into the process and fix the problem rather than just following the instructions . I shop at Amazon so much so I hope someone can see this note , apparently the note I left in the return package was ignored .
 I 've bought Laura Ashley sheets for years because of their looks and soft smooth texture . Though these look good and coordinate with my existing comforter , the texture is not soft but grainy . As a loyal Laura Ashley customer , I expected more from this line .
 This is the most terrible cheesecake pan I have ever seen ! I ordered it and I 'm in the process of returning it . The outside does not fit properly around the base , so when you fill it with water it leaks like a freaking faucet . This is not a drip sort of a leak , this is a steady stream . I even have to pay for the shipping to send it back . I am extremely angry .
 This product was not well made for the price charged . I would have expected a heavier gauge pan to start . This is no heavier than some of my cheap pans . Unlike most spring-form pans , the bottom does not fit into a groove in the side . The side is simply turned over and there is a gap where the seam meets the bottom . Result - a leak . One other annoyance is that the label was adhered with glue that would not soak off or scrape off with a wooden spoon . I had to resort to a solvent to remove the residue . A lot of manufacturers are going with a type which easily rubs off , almost in a roll . If you 're interested in a small cake pan , there are better choices .
 The pan was functional but so cheaply made it easliy bends out of shape . A cheaply made pan compared to the similar pans I bought at the grocery store . I bought this pan because I could n't get a 12 inch anywhere else .
 After one wash cycle , these sheets split at the seams . Otherwise soft and comfortable .
 My husband is complaining that they are scratchy and he 's right . They are not comfortable even after 2 washings .
 These sheets are not soft . I gave these as a present , and when they peeled off the label the glue still stayed on the sheets and did not come off . I was very embarrased . They tried everything . Freezing the glue , using adhesive remover , pure soap , nothing worked . NOTHING
 The worst product I ever bought I Amazon . It looks like a `` T-shirt '' or rag or whatever you can call it . Very cheap material and very cheap design .
 I bought these back a few months ago for 29.99 including the blanket . The first pair I recieved - I discovered a hole as I was putting on the bed for the first time . Amazon was extremely helpful in replacing ! These fit my pillowtop bed well - but am extremely dissappointed in the amount of piling in them already . Ca n't believe they raised the price !
 After one wash the fitted sheet shrank and color leeched onto it so it has grey splotches in places . We do n't even have a deep mattress but now the bare mattress shows on the sides . It 'll have to go in our next garage sale .
 The color of these sheets is much dull and non-rich looking than shown in the picture . The sheet size is right and the jersey fabric is stretchable but the sheets look cheap and nowhere close to looking luxurious . I believe that 's what you 'd expect for this price .
 Poor Quality Control
 I was first a little irked to find the sheets glued to a piece of cardboard that left residue when pulled away , but I figured that would wash away with time.What really has me disappointed with these sheets is the fact that they pilled after the * second * washing . I 've always been under the impression that all-cotton sheets were less likely to pill . Does this not apply to jersey sheets , or are these just bad sheets ? I have to wonder now that I 'm starting to see them at discount outlet stores for even less than what I paid during Amazon 's Friday Sale .
 This sheet set is described as like a `` t-shirt and slightly stretchy . '' It 's true , but I do n't know if that 's a good thing . The sheet was a bit scratchy . I thought a couple of washings would soften them up , but it helped only marginally . I 've also noticed a problem with piliation .
 I was really disappointed with these jersey sheets . After one washing , they `` pilled '' really bad . I still use some jersey sheets I 've had for years and they have never `` pilled '' . The price was great but not the product .
 The sheets arrived soft and after washing stayed colorfast but shrunk . They were difficult to get on the mattress .
 Looks good , feels soft , but ends there . After 3 total days on the bed , the surface is filled with scratchy ` pills ' . I understand they can happen over time , but I have never seen anything like this . Soon to be buffing the car .
 I bought two sets king size . Both sets pilled and balled up badly . My 3 year old niece would n't take a nap in my bed b/c she said it felt dirty . I just put the sheets on that morning . Now I am stuck with two sets . Only had them for two months tops .
 This mixer should be renamed to Black & Decker jet engine . On the lowest speed , it is as fast as any normal mixer . Settings 2-5 -LRB- as well as the extremely useless `` power boost '' -RRB- are worthless . Save yourself the time and trouble and buy one that has a full range of useable speeds . As far as build quality , it does have decent construction . That does n't make it useable , though .
 I took the mixer out of the box , inserted the beaters and turned it on just to try it out . I was shocked at the `` lowest '' speed . It was like the highest speed on my old mixer . Upon first use I learned was right . I placed the beaters in the bowl to cream butter/sugar . I had butter flying all over the kitchen . Then I tried adding the dry ingredients . Flourstorm !! I had to mix it in by hand until it was wet before I could use the mixer again . I wondered if , at that speed , I was completely overworking the flour and my banana bread would be too tough . Definitely returning . I imagine it would be great for the hard to mix things like doughs , but there 's no useable low speed .
 I purchased this from a local discount store . I made cookie dough once and it pooped out on me . I returned it to the store and they replaced it with the same mixer . Again , I took it home . I use my mixer at most once a month for cookie dough or cake mixes . I have had it for over 6 months , but it has quit on me again . I give up !
 I got it to replace an older , weak Sunbeam or summat that was rated at 100 watts , I broke that mixing some Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough . I agree on the other reviews about it 's speed , OMG it 's so fast at 1 !! I ca n't imagine why you would need the other 4 speeds -LRB- 2-5 -RRB- OR the POWER BOOST ! . . well maybe the BOOST on # 1 for abit more torque/power on really thick dough . Try mixing up some flower and powdery stuff alone . . you can do it , but I was worried that it would go flying everywhere.Don ' t get me wrong , it worked through some Gingerbread cookie dough & another batch of C.C. cookie dough just fine ... but OMG it is so fast.These newer wire type whisks work great and clean up quick , hardly any of the dough stuck to them after a quick spin in the air . But I noticed when cleaning these B&D ; wisks that they seem to be a bit flimsy . I almost pulled one out of the socket/hole on the wisks shaft.Other than that , it 's a decent well built hand mixer . Just if they -LRB- B&D ;-RRB- lowered the speeds , and made the wisks more robust -LRB- and maybe with stainless steel -RRB- , this would be a great buy.If you want speed control , spend afew extra bucks on a Cuisinart or Kitchen Aid .
 Worst mixer I have ever used . It spatters everything everywhere . I tried to whip cream with it today and ended up with cream all over me and the walls . Complete waste of money .
 Everyone who stated that this mixer has no low speed is correct . The lowest setting is the equivalent of medium-to-high on other mixers , so you ca n't use it for initial blending of ingredients or anything too liquidy or powdery without it spraying everywhere ! It does a good job of mixing thicker ingredients -LRB- cookie dough , etc. -RRB- but if you need to start low and gradually increase speed -LRB- like a cake mix -RRB- this does not work well.This is an inexpensive mixer and if you just want something to use once in a while it may be okay for you . If you are looking to get a hand mixer as a gift for someone , I do NOT recommend it . This one does not perform as it should .
 As everyone else has said , the speed settings on this thing are ridiculous . You have five versions of `` too fast '' with a boost button to make things even worse . Black and Decker includes this alleged bowl scraper attachment , which they say is suppose to conveniently scrape the sides of the bowl while you mix . Closer to the truth is the flexible attachment that snaps onto the beaters helps to minimize food flying out of the bowl due to the overkill speeds . But it does n't help enough . It 's too fast and you lose control of the mixing process because of that.This mixer sort of looks like a modified Kitchen Aid hand mixer . Believe me , it is n't . Do n't waste your money on this one . You would think they took some leftover power drill works and modified them into a hand mixer .
 If you want to use the dough hooks that are shown with the product , then Do not buy this product !!! I was interested in this product after seeing the dough hook attachments in a local Walmart . What was delivered had such flimsy beaters that they were damaged by bread dough !!! The product was advertised to have special bread dough attachments that are not part of what is delivered . I spent over an hour to find the attachments that were advertised to be part of the product . Buyer Beware !!!
 This item is severely overpowered . I thought at first that I had bought a lemon , but I see from other reviews that it was designed this way . The lowest speed is way too fast , and it has a Turbo button . Use it for a bass fishing motor -- it ca n't be used for mixing .
 I got these and like some of the other reviews thought it was really nice and soft . After only a couple of weeks on the bed the bottom of the bed sheet has gotten all frayed and torn . It now looks like cheese cloth on the bottom . I got what I paid for ... something cheap .
 Considering that the price on these was very low - I would say they are okay . But comparing these sheets with the European ones I have - these `` Pike Street '' sheets are almost unacceptable . Too fuzzy . You will have the lint all over the place ...
 I put them on my bed and they got holes torn in them within a week !
 Do not waste your money on these sheets . They are very very poor quality .
 I bought three of them few months ago . This ia not a very good quality flannel sheet but for the price this Ok to buy .
 these were disappointing . . the corner on the fitted cheets tore after the first washing and the flannel pilled up into alot of rough little balls . . i wouldnt buy these again
 The Prodcut is not good . At the first place the item was not clean and after a sigle wash it even worst . I am not using it any more and will not recommend to other for buying even if you get for good deal .
 I was very disappointed with these sheets . They appeared to be factory seconds with tape and paper stuck to them . During the first wash there was so much lint and fluff that came out , it reduced the weight by half . Although they fit very well ; the weave is very course and abrasive now that most of the `` Flannel '' washed away . They pill badly.I purchased 2 sets in different patterns and have found this true with both .
 I was very disapointed in these . They started to tear just after 2 days of use . I will NOT be buying anymore of these !
 I did n't wash mine before using them . I did n't have problems with the dye on us using them but I was disappointed with how thin they are . They are already ripping at the corners . I am afraid to wash them from what everyone is saying . They might totally fall apart . I really like the feel of them . They are comfortable to use . But I wo n't buy anymore just for the fact they wo n't last long .
 I bought 2 sets , one for me , one as a Xmas gift . I washed mine and it couldn ; t fit in a queen bed again . I washed in cold water and dry in low , and it is so small that it could fit a twin bed , but this does n't finish here . It faded , shred and has pilling everywhere . Please , keep your money and do n't buy this set.I sent it back to Amazon , both sets , im still waiting for the refund .
 This has some problem with the cotton ... color is also fading ... Not good at all
 The quality is not at all good after one wash it looks like the colors are fading .
 Fast delivery . Sheets were wonderful , until I washed them . After washing them they were no longer soft . Rough to the feel . Will not purchase this item again .
 Amazon should give options for 0 star too.I bought these sheets expecting it not to be very good , but atleaset little useable . But this is far away from my expectation . The sheets look horrible -LRB- very poor in quality -RRB- and once you wash it you will not like to put it again on your bed , as there will be small threads will get into shape of balls.The worst part is that I bough 2 sets . Now I can not even return it as the return shipping charges are almost $ 15 for both . I am repenting now , with that money i would have bough one good bed sheet . So dont waste your money here look somewhere else .
 I bought the red king sized sheets for $ 15 , which I thought was a good deal . It was not . They are still linty after 5 washings , they pill badly , and every time I wash them they get thinner and thinner -- I think they are going to disolve compltely at about 7 washings.When we did try to use them on the bed , dh would wake up every morning with sinus problems due to breathing all the lint . When you sit on the bed you see a cloud of red lint come flying up . I ca n't believe that Amazon even sells a product like this .
 I am giving these sheets 2 stars for only 2 reasons
 This is truly the thinnest flannel I have ever seen . The fabric tears at the slightest stress , and after two weeks it is pilling . If you want soft sheets these are the sheets for you , just realize that they are truly only to be used as disposable as they are too thin to use as rags and too fragile to wash more than once . Even my rags are thicker than these sheets were new ! You truly do get what you pay for !
 Please avoid buying these if you can ... these are not worth the cost of $ 5.99 also ...
 Its warm and cozy ... but really looks dull after wash ! But it did n't lint so much as written here but looked way less attractive after the first wash . Though i do n't recommend this ... its ok to have an extra sheet set if its available in a low price as 9 or 10 bucks !
 I bought the Floral Scroll set . The fabric is printed , not dyed . This means that the back side of the sheets does not have the pattern . That would be fine for the fitted sheet and the pillow cases , but the flat sheet just looks like a low quality flannel sheet -- the kind you could buy at Wal-Mart for the same price.UPDATE
 After only 1 wash these sheets were stringing and coming apart at the edges . They also are not very soft !
 By reading all those reviews i too ordered it . . But it looks very much as a used product , `` In the Woods '' had lots of rusty stains on it . . I had to return it . .
 Holy smokes I 've slept on cheap sheets before but these take the cake , sure theyre flannel and yes i know theyre supposed to but the ones before this never were this BAD . Just like the other reviewers i lost half of them in the dryer on the first run . I bought these thinking they couldnt be that bad , well guess what Amazon duped us . Theyre soft to a degree but in certain high wear spots you can see the threads already ! after six nights of sleeping ! This is just bad , Amazon really let one slip through in the quality dept. From now my bedding only comes from overs * ock which has great linens .
 Purchased this and another set of pink flannels for a queen-size bed . Both sets were labeled for queen , by the way . The pink set fit great , felt great . The floral scroll would not fit my queen bed without a huge struggle , then popped off the corners the minute I got into bed . Ended up giving them to my fiance for his double bed in the UK , and they fit his bed perfectly . Also , the fabric of the floral scroll sheets was scratchy and not warm and fuzzy , even after several washings . The price was super cheap , but I still would n't buy again if given the chance .
 I had low expectations for this item to begin with , but it even fell below those . I needed a fast replacement for my well-worn latte frother that I had been using multiple times a day to mix my infant 's formula . This product was the only one offered by Prime and I figured fast delivery was key . My mistake ... as within 2 days , the thing does n't work except if you simultaneously press the `` on '' button and the cover over where the batteries are located . Even then , the power is so poor that it 's debatable as to whether it 's worth the trouble .
 I was disappointed to say the least . This little mini-mixer was not even able to mix liquid chocolate into white milk effectively . Trying to create froth was not even possible .
 Total piece of sh ** . Unless you enjoy throwing your money away do n't buy this product .
 I received this package , imagining the perfect handheld frother . To then expect one that looks just like the IKEA frother . Nothing like the advertised frother . Figure I 'd try it out and see how it worked . I could n't even get the battery compartment closed . If you want one I advise go to IKEA and buy like 3 of them , they are only $ 0.99 ech .
 This thing was a complete waste of $ $ ! The power switch does not work AT ALL . up or down , it just runs I have to bang it on the counter to get it to stop . And the power level is not consistent , sometimes it 's slow , sometimes it 's fast . Do yourself a favor and buy another brand . I like my frothy coffee but I hate the frustration ! Who knew something so simple could be so difficult .
 This unit is VERY cheap and I do not expect it to last very long . Getting the batteries into the unit was nearly impossible without breaking the cheap plastic housing . I would spend a few more dollars and get a higher end unit .
 I based it o nthe picture and its nothing like that . You would think That it would hold the cake but Im even scared to use it . Im trying to return it I got it 2 days ago and Im not happy at all . I hope they can help with a refund or an exchange for an actual plastic or glass one . I will pay the difference atleast I can have a reliable one that my cake wont fall . Im so upset , its nothing like the picture .
 This is a horrible product . It is not elegant at all !!! It is made of Styrofoam and looked like it was falling apart the second I took it out of the box . The pillars are cardboard and look like toilet paper roles . This stand would not hold up a cake , and falls apart when you try to cut the cake .
 I thought I waw buying decent quality , but not so . These are basically like putting a white Hanes t-shirt on your pillow .
 I bought this Griddle for my wife back in July of 2002 , it warped really bad after only a few week 's of use ! It 's been put away ever since but this morning i found it & was going to fix breakfast for my wife & me , i guess i had forgotten how bad it was . I set it on the stove & it is so warped i could hold one corner of it down & slip my hand under the oppisite corner , this made me so mad i just had to tell other 's about this product ! I think i 'll give it to my dog to eat out of . George in MO. .
 I bought this griddle after borrowing my friend 's Cuisinart double burner griddle in April . I liked that griddle so much that I tried to get one for myself . Unfortunately , I could not find the older model anywhere so I bought this one . This current model just does n't seem as sturdy as the original nor of the same quality . I 'm disappointed .
 After three days of ligth use , following the instructions given , it distort !!! Don?t buy this thing !!!!
 I was very disappointed when I received the griddle . The bottom only rests on a ridge around the outer edge of the griddle . It is not appropriate for use on flat cooktops . Neither the picture or produce description indicated this .
 I was looking for a griddle for a large stovetop and this was the largest I could find.It worked well for the first use but after only three uses the griddle warped and now will not sit flat on my stovetop.For the price I paid for this , it should not have warped .
 This trimmer works very well but the problem is the charger units keep burning up and they are not cheap to buy . It was actually more cost-effective to buy another trimmer with its included battery and charger . But after my third charger -LRB- I even bought one separately -RRB- burned out , I give up . I will be buying a different brand now .
 I purchased the trimmer and charged the battery . I trimmed for about 30 minutes non-stop . Plenty of power to cut through thicker bush branches . When recharging , the recharger burned out in about 3-5 minutes . I have n't priced a new charger , but I know they are expensive . Only 2 stars .
 So the first one of these Better Living AVIVA dispensers came broken and unusable . Amazon had another one out to me in two days . Nothing bad about that . Then I got my replacement and it lasted for about 36 hours before the adhesive tape that came with it let go from the wall sending the dispenser crashing to the floor and leaving what can only be described as BP sized soap spill all over my bathroom . It looked nice and I really wanted it to work , but its just a cheap piece of plastic . If you do buy this , I highly recommend you mounting it to the wall with screws . It looks nice , but I wont be wasting any more time or money with this product .
 Bought the set of 3 but it stopped working less than a month . Now , I have a few boxes of the single -LRB- return period expired ! -RRB- and I am hesitated to put them up . Stay away from this product .
 How hard can it be to make a soap dispenser that works ? Evidently , it 's pretty hard.I wanted a soap dispenser for Soft Soap . Those containers that come with the Soft Soap work really well and last forever , but I wanted one that was larger and looked nicer.So I bought one somewhere else . It shot soap about 5 feet or onto the person trying to use it - whichever got hit first.I was determined not to make the same mistake , so I researched soap dispensers on Amazon.com . Based on the reviews , this one did n't shoot soap , gave a fair amount of soap for each squirt , did n't leak , etc. . I was excited to order it -LRB- as excited as I could be about a soap dispenser -RRB- . It looks nice . The design is cool . It holds a good amount of soap . It dispenses soap when you press the button . >> >> However , it dribbles after dispensing the soap . Anything under the dispenser will get soap on it . Maybe this is n't a problem in the shower , but it 's a big problem in the kitchen -LRB- where I have it -RRB- and over the bathroom sink . < < < < >> >> Plus the mounting hardware that came with the dispenser is terrible . The amount of pressure it takes to dispense the soap makes the dispenser fall off of the wall . You will need two # 6 plaster anchors and two # 6 one inch WOOD screws . Regular plaster screws will not work because the head of the screw is rounded . Because of the design of the dispenser , the head of the screw must sit FLAT with the mount . < < < < How hard can it be to make a decent soap dispenser ? The folks that make Soft Soap make about 5 million of those cheap dispensers a year , without any problems . Why ca n't anyone else ?
 I had this for a short while and it would begin leaking a short while after . Then a friend bought me a new one and the same thing happened . It turns out that the little view window -LRB- which you do n't need anyway because most of the bottle is clear and you can see how much is inside -RRB- makes the mechanism more vulnerable to leaks . Somehow the little view window over the button slowly wears away with certain soaps and leaks occur . I got their previous version which is also sold on Amazon . Not only does it not ever leak even after months and months of use , but it also holds more soap while looking great in the bathroom . In my opinion it even looks better too . Here 's the link on amazon . -LSB- ... -RSB- Edit
 I ignored all the reviews -LRB- the ones not on amazon -RRB- that said this product leaks after a while of having it , because I figured they were maybe using a very watered down soap or something that was making it leak . I use an expensive soap that has a medium consistency . It worked fine at first so I felt free to mount it using the sticky silicone it comes with . What a big mistake ! after a while it started leaking and dribbling my very expensive soap even when not in use . I got this wall mount because I wanted to keep the counter relatively clean of soap and all it was doing was dribbling soap all over the counter . I looked over the directions again to see if maybe I missed something and also checked to see if there was a troubleshooting section seeing as how so many reviewers had mentioned this problem . Nothing . So I had to chuck the thing . The worst of it is that I had already mounted it with the glue and that stuff is hard as rock once it dries . Even though I tried my best to unstick the mount carefully , I still ended up taking a piece of the top layer of wall of my newly painted bathroom with me . My fault for having faith in this product to actually do the basic task it was meant to do . I do realize now that I should 've used the screws instead of the glue mount , but I did n't think this product would be such a fail and that I would have to remove the mount once I had glued it . I replaced it with the simple-human soap dispenser wall mount which is n't as space saving as this , but it does n't leak . Now I have to go to home-depot to repair the damage and paint over it as well . What an expensive & time consuming piece of garbage this turned out to be . If you decide to ignore the reviews saying this product leaks eventually then do yourself a favor and do n't use the silicone glue - use screws instead if you can get away with it . Because if you ever decide to not use this garbage product anymore you could do some real damage trying to remove the mount .
 Does n't work . Even following manufacturer instructions to `` prime '' the pump , it simply wo n't draw product through the straw . Air just goes back and forth without creating a suction to dispense product . We tried again and again , washed and started over , and wasted a lot of time getting this thing to work , without success.Interestingly , we 've had these pumps before and they lasted a few years with no problem . It was the replacement that does n't work . Perhaps the manufacturing quality has deteriorated . Do n't waste your money .
 I guess it 's my fault for not reading the product description more carefully . I just ca n't believe most people would want a product that has to be -LRB- semi - -RRB- permanently installed . What if it breaks ? What if I want to clean it out ? What if I want to clean under the mounting ? I guess I * assumed * it was installed via a suction cup like my old dispenser . I was swayed by its good looks ... that 's my story and I 'm sticking to it.So I went ahead and installed it . Sure enough it 's an annoying 2-3 degrees off vertical . Too bad - so sad
 Purchased this to replace one that broke . I still cant get the pump to work right . When I got the first set they worked great , then one pump stopped working , and now I can not get the new one to work again .
 Description of the comforter does point out that it is lightweight that would be an understatement . More like a poor quality sheet with a bit of down in between the layers . Made in China of only 74 % down . To state that this comforter has a retail price of $ 160 is laughable ! Really more of a throw than a comforter . At $ 50 it is grossly overpriced ! Look elsewhere !
 Im very disappointed in this product . Its design is to draw air into the chamber as the memory foam expands in the pad . Because of its one air chamber design when you lay on it all the air is forced down to the feet and under your head . No matter how much air is in it the heavy part of the body the torso is always touching the ground below the pad .
 I washed these towels in cold water when I got them -LRB- plum colored -RRB- , one had pulled threads , all had loose threads at the seams and the plum color ran into the white on the striped towel . My search for replacement towels continues .
 Length :
 I own a medium sized Ra Chand juicer , the popular model J210 . Although the fit and finish of the Ra Chand juicer is somewhat crude , it makes up for it in brute strength and straightforward design . It works excellent for limes , lemons , and small to medium sized oranges and it will last a lifetime , even with daily use . The problem with the J210 is that it does not juice large oranges and grapefruits very well . I needed a larger juicer because I have a grapefruit tree and an orange tree that produce larger than average fruit . I decided against the Ra Chand J500 because they were more expensive than the OrangeX juicer , and the reviews of the OrangeX juicer were for the most part favorable -- most of the complaints were for paint chips -LRB- does n't appear to be a problem here -RRB- and slow delivery -LRB- also not a problem -RRB- . I was disappointed when my OrangeX large commercial juicer arrived because the top cone and lower `` bowl '' assembly of the juicer , where the fruit fits , is no larger than the Ra Chand medium sized J210 juicer . In fact , it appears to be smaller than the Ra Chand medium sized juicer . Also , they are thin stamped stainless steel where on the Ra Chand juicer they are polished cast aluminum . That being said , the OrangeX juicer is heavy duty and fairly well built . I have no doubt it will work fine for limes , lemons , and small to medium oranges , and that it too will last a lifetime . However , now I have two juicers that will do the same thing and I still have no juicer for larger grapefruits , unless I settle for squeezing some of the grapefruit and having the edge squirt all over the edge . In retrospect , I wish I had looked at the Ra Chand J500 and , given that it is truly larger than the J210 , spent the extra $ 50 to get something that would not only work for larger fruit , but medium and smaller fruit as well .
 The Duvet cover comes with too much lint . To top it off , the product description mentions pillowcases as part of the package , but promptly fails to arrive . This repeated with the replacement too!The material is pretty nice I think except for the lint . Maybe after a few washes it will settle down.Amazon customer service requested me to return the item and were pretty nice and apologetic about it . I feel that they did a good job so far .
 To light and the out layer would be cut even with a plan cake knife , I just hope a little sting wo n't affact the ability of stick-proof . One thing more , it is not easy to clean at all . Only fair thing is the neckle ceals good ,
 I thought I waw buying decent quality , but not so . These are basically like putting a white Hanes t-shirt on your pillow .
 The product was n't what the bride though it would be . It was foam and cardboard and she was looking for something that did not take anytime to decorate . The seller was great about the return even through it was a special order -LRB- which we did not know -RRB- . The seller credited my account in a very timely matter .
 The title says itself , very easy . IT 'S FOAM ! there was no product details about this cake stand , and the only one review i did n't notice . The picture looks so adorable , but naturally it 's very very auwful , I do n't know what I am going to do . This cake cake stand is not going to hold the weight of a wedding cake , I am afraid it will fall apart .
 I love the look of this it is very unique , That 's all I can really say that 's a positive . That 's why I am very disappointed in this product . It really should be called just a bag . The top has the cute flap but that is all it has to keep the food cold or even in the bag . The compartment is big enough for food and drink but they wo n't stay cold because it does n't seal it in . If you do n't need to pack cold items this would be perfect . Instead of using this as my daughters lunch box for school I use it to pack snacks in for the car ride home from school since crackers do n't need to be cold .
 Poaching is done in water . You are not poaching an egg when you must , or it will really stick , use oil or butter to cook the eggs . I believe I will go back to POACHING eggs and leave this form of frying to people who ca n't cook . Pan seem ok to fry eggs .
 Item was purchased for me as a Christmas gift from another site . It 's a very nice poacher , but I 'll swear to my grave the flavor and aroma of the eggs is affected by the non-stick coating . Was hoping maybe through multiple uses ; heating , cooling , and hand cleaning would `` break in '' the cups , but the awful metallic/chemical flavor is still there . Ca n't believe I 'm the first one to say something about it .
 The people who have reviewed this pan have been too generous with the praise . There are four SERIOUS problems with this pan : -LRB- 1 -RRB- The handle of the pan gets extremely hot . This is simply not acceptable on a `` professional '' grade pan these days . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The handle of the lid get very hot . The heat is conducted though the screw that is exposed toward the cooking side of the lid . -LRB- 3 -RRB- The lid is an amateur design . Not only does the lid handle get hot , but the handle assembly will fill up with water when put in a dishwasher . Note that the unit -LRB- minus the cups -RRB- is rated as dishwasher safe . This is not true . -LRB- 4 -RRB- The pan does NOT cook the eggs evenly -LRB- with all cups in place and filled -RRB- . You will get very inconsistent eggs in every batch.This pan is somewhat dangerous nor is it consistent enough for restaurant use . An inexpensive Faberware pan from target works much better for home use .
 Received this product dented ; however , Amazon was prompt in replacing it . Problem is , the first time it was used and washed , it began to rust . Would not recommend .
 the fabric is very coarse . i was expecting so much more for the money . after one wash , they look like they are years old .
 I 've had several different kinds of banana nut coffee , have LOVED them all and was SO excited to get this 4 pack of coffee beans !! Complete and utter disappointment . This tasted like fingernail polish smells . It 's not the coffee machine , I recently got a DeLonghi and everything is wonderful made in it . EXCEPT THIS COFFEE BEAN . Now I have 3 full , unopened packages of horrible coffee beans and I ca n't return them ! This makes me extremely unhappy .
 I bouught this clock back in June from another seller on Amazon.com . It is a piece of junk . I 've had to change the 2-D batteries every month because the clock drains them so fast . VERY DISAPPOINTED and have tossed it in the garbage !
 Oswald was not the assassin.Jack Ruby worked for Richard Nixon since congressional elections in 1947 . JFK received the fatal shot from the FRONT , line anyone can see from the Zapruder movie .12 doctors at Parkland and press secretary stated
 I have been anxious for such a device for a long time . I want hot strong espresso made in my office and not a bulky countertop model . The first time ever I used this , I used ` untamped ' Illy espresso . Once hot the pressure started shooting hot water out the base of the bottom pot . -LRB- It was not the joining gasket area . -RRB- Now that the pressure had broke whatever was holding it together in the first place the water leaks out just by gravity.I will have to return this one and hope for a better made one but I suspect it is poor design and others will also fail.In the meantime I am back to drinking the office swill . # $ & $ # ^ $ % the people that made this item !
 Did they really have to put modern wind turbines ona product like this ? SHAME ! I bought this to keepmy wife 's collection going ... not sure if she will actuallydisplay it .
 I had hoped this would be the `` cloud-soft '' solution to waking with aching bones in the morning . It is NOT soft and billowy as it appears in the picture and it did not provide the comfort I was needing . -LRB- For the record , my aches and pains were greatly diminished by placing a memory foam topper on my mattress . It was 130 dollars at Costco , but turned out to be worth every dollar . Highly recommend as an alternative to this product . -RRB- Another family member tried this topper and woke up with scratches and irritation on his back . The sharp feather ends were working themselves through the topper cover and his fitted sheet . There seems to be a minimal amount of real down in this thing and a whole lot of broken feathers.The cheap price is tempting , but this product is an example of the wisdom of the cliche ' `` you get what you pay for . '' Stick to quality and pass on this bargain stuff . Sleep is too precious to lose .
 Its not as thick as i would expect . Although it did make sleeping on my hard bed a lot more comfortable . I just wish it was thicker .
 I want to second the review from `` Not Grandma 's Featherbed '' . At first I thought it was nice , but not great . But after 3 months use I too experienced the quills poking through the liner and my flannel sheets to stab me in various sensitve parts of my body . Certainly not what I would consider a `` good nights sleep '' and a most unpleasant way to awaken in the middle of the night . I plan on writing the manufacurer and giving them my opinion . This was the biggest waste of $ 90 I can remember .
 in retro-spect , the knife kit sounds like a great deal , and as a start out chef i thought it would be great , when i revived the case , i immaturely realized that it weighed a ton . the knifes themselves are good quality , but they are oversized and not very practical for full production kitchen use .
 knives were dull and flimsy , case was dented & handle was broken . Very poor quality and reminds me of something you would find in a flea market . Slitzer name prominently displayed however the flip side in small print on the knives states `` made in china for Slitzer ''
 I just tried to use it for a first time and i ended up just throwing it awaythe item is not closing completely - there is a little gap between the half a lot of tea is getting into my cap.i tried to adjust it and make it closer and was amazed on how cheap metal quality is it - its easily bends but it is not closing this gap . so i ca n't use it.would not recommend .
 I 'm not sure if all the buying options on this page are actually for the same product or not . I bought the one from the MV Trading Co , and it does not seal well at all . You can see a gap where the edges meet , and my tea leaves are constantly floating around in the water . I have another one that I bought in Germany , looks identical , but actually seals in the tea . This one does n't . I 'm tempted to buy one from the other vendors to see if there is a difference , but I do n't really need 3 of these ...
 It is pretty hard to open the cage , the cage is small and the rim bends really easily.The infuser works by squeezing the handle and the lever action opens the cage . The problem is that it is a really tight mechanism . If there was a spring -LRB- there is not -RRB- it would be too strong.The cage is enough for 2 teaspoons of loose leaf tea , which is usually fine , but if you ever want to serve more than 2.5 coffee mugs of tea you have to do the whole thing more than once.The rim bent the first time I opened it . I did n't even touch the rim . Fortunately , you can bend it back fairly easily.Overall , it does the job it claims to do . The cage has very fine holes which is definitely good . It 's not bad , but If I were you I would keep looking .
 If this program would let me give a zero rating , I would . It broke within 30 seconds of my owning it , so I contacted the company and they sent me a new one . I used it once in my tea and it leaked the leaves into my cup ! At that point , I requested a refund , and the company said it 's used , so they ca n't take it back or give me a refund . Really ? So , pathetic item and even more pathetic customer service .
 This tea infuser is well made and works as it should , however , the ball is simply too small to make a decent size cup of tea.I recommend the tea infuser by BigKitchen . It 's sturdy and the ball is plenty big for a large cup of tea .
 I ordered two of these and one of them broke with the first use . I contacted the seller through Amazon and they never contacted me . Bad , flimsy product and no customer support . Do n't waste your money .
 After using it for about a week , it broke and one of the pieces fell off . I had been concerned when I ordered it , based upon other reviews , and saw that it was indeed kind of flimsy feeling when I received it . Still , I figured for three bucks I 'd take a chance . #fail
 It does not seal well at all . You can see a gap where the edges meet , and my tea leaves are constantly floating around in the water . Only large leaf loose tea works well with it .
 This sifter is only good for large size tea leaves . Smaller tea just ends up in your cup . It should have made with finer holes , to prevent this . you are better of with a cheese cloth .
 We received a defective one that would not close -LRB- see photo -RRB- . The material that it is made out of is flimsier than the two other tea infusers that we own -LRB- that look identical to this in design -RRB- . I was able to come to a resolution with MV Trading company but it was slow .
 This tea infuser is very poorly constructed-not only is it extremely difficult to open , but it does not close completely , allowing small tea leaves to escape into the water for the tea .
 This works for tea but not as well as the other style of infuser -LRB- the almond shaped ones with the little holes in them -RRB- . This is a little harder to get closed without stray tea leaves holding it open a little bit . It also leaves more tea particles in the cup than the other style does.It has a tenancy to bend a little bit pretty easily so that you have to bend it back to get the top and bottom circles to meet up with each other.Isn ' t horrible , but there are better choices out there .
 This is a nice concept , but not executed very well . It does not seal properly , and allows tea leaves to escape virtually every time . Spend an extra dollar and get this model : Norpro Grip-EZ Tea Infuser with Cup
 I found that the two haves of the bowl on this would not make good contact all the way around . This means that some of the grains of tea get into your cup . Nothing I could do helped this problem . I would advise anyone to try some other tea infuser , be it a spoon type similar to this by another manufacturer , or a screw together teaball .
 The infuser does n't close properly so my cup was filled with tea . Immediately threw it in the trash ! Big disappointment !
 This thing is really cheap and just a poor item overall . The tea comes out of the cracks very easily and gets into the water . It is also hard to put the tea leaves into this thing and it wo n't close all the way when there is tea between the cracks . Ugh , just such a hassle and poor quality .
 For a cheapy , it performs the job it was intended to . However , this product has two major flaws . First , it requires a uncomfortably forceful squeeze to open . Second , since it will not lock into an open position , liquid will stand in the rim of the ball and cause it to rust . If you 're willing to dry it after you wash it , and you have decent strength in your hands ; then this will work fine for you .
 This exact product is $ 10.50 at the Cuisinart store online . It is ridiculous that it is $ 15 on here . Buyer beware .
 Somehow this thing overheats all the time and will even happen in a cold room . It often only stays on for a few minutes before over heating . Total waste of money .
 I have had this for two weeks . It may be defective and I am considering returning it . When set at `` Low '' , it burns things . When set just below `` Low '' it barely keeps things warm and does n't cook.It would be better if the red light were on only when the unit is on , not just plugged in . It is already obvious that the unit is plugged in but the slightest jar to the dial will turn it on and that may not be obvious -LRB- a click stop for `` Off '' would be a useful feature -RRB- . I would recommend not buying this over-priced , under-performing product .
 The price of this thing can not be jusified . It looks nice . It even says `` Made In USA '' . But it does n't say where the heat control was made . That 's the weak part . It is just a fancy on-off switch . It has a loose , imprecise feel . Mine began malfunctioning -LRB- heat on high with knob turned off -RRB- after about a year . A twelve dollar made in China unit would have done the same thing for less money .
 New , improved , DIGITAL stove technology !!!! Off is off , lowest setting is non stop scorching full blast red hot . Impossible to cook with . Junk . This replaces my ten dollar target hot plate and the target plate was exactly the same way . Expected a lot more from ` professional ' Broil King .
 I bought this at Bed Bath and Beyond should have took it back when I saw things were going awry , which did not take long.But I thought maybe user error and I gave the benefit of the doubt.I bought it to replace my Duracraft which I cracked.So I noticed 1st off it makes a mess , spills water relentlessly , comes out the bottom and sides , ruined some furniture in the process , it is just a real piece.And then when it does seem to operate OK it still just spits out water or does not reset.It is a real struggle.I tossed it in the trash -LRB- too late to return -RRB- and searched out a Duracraft .
 a -RRB- the unit is very awkward to fill - you have to turn it upside down with the handle on the bottom . Trust me - I 'm strong - a wrestler , and it was a pain.b -RRB- the main water fill cap started leaking after 4 months . It 's not a screw-type cap , so you ca n't tighten it to stop the leak . Instead it 's a twist-lock cap which you ca n't tighten . Bad engineering.Bionaire then told me to buy a replacement cap for $ 10.00 . No way
 I purchase the humidifier 2 years ago . It is quiet , humidifies effectively . I am looking for a new model due to following reasons
 I was sold on this item because it was quiet . After the first cleaning the thing sounds like a train ... very difficult to clean , very messy , lots of parts in difficult to reach areas . After one week I threw it out and bought a different type from a different manufacuturer ... I am writing this to spare you all the nightmare it is to own one of these things .
 This humidifier has the worst design ever . You have to fill the tank from the BOTTOM . In order to do so , you have to take the tank , fill it in the tub , and flip the full tank -LRB- which is harder than you can imagine -RRB- and carry it back to the humidifier . Why not put a opening on top so that we can fill it easily ? Therefore , definitely not recommended for the weak and the elderly.Second ... Even if the tank is full of water , the ` no water ' lights turns on and it stops working . I restart and it again stops a few minutes later . -LRB- It used to be fine when I first bought it -RRB- The only good thing is , yes , it is silent .
 This humidifier is quiet in the low moist setting , a little noisier in the high moist setting . The problem that I found is that it leaks . You have to be very careful when closing the water tank after filling it because otherwise it will leak . I think the desing and quality are very poor.I refilled the water tank and let it running in my son 's bedroom overnight , the next morning I discovered that the tank was empty
 i had two of these - the first i returned after 6 weeks because it started leaking -LRB- ruined my carpet -RRB- and foolishly i replaced it with another one the same , thinking that must have been a one-off . However , the second one had another problem . AFter only a month , the ` refill needed ' light went on , and stayed on even though the tank was filled with water . That meant that the unit would not work , because it thought the water had run dry . I tried switching the ` refill ' light off , but it repeatedly just switched itself back on again . So I gave up -LRB- by this time winter was almost over -RRB- . I can not recommend this model .
 This humidifier does not last long . It only works 2-3 months . After that it starts leaking . The Restart is always sets to On even when I did n't need to . Do n't waste your time with buying this one .
 While it does increase the humidity somewhat , it 's not very effective . what 's worse is that the warm moist air is perfect for incubating germs and other unpleasant things . Most importantly , I measured the power consumption of this device and it uses 160 watts . That 's as much as 10 lightbulbs . That 's ridiculous . Do n't buy one of these machines , unless you want to waste 10 % of the price monthly to operate it .
 This was given to us about last christmas to replace our old one ... not worth it ... a couple months into our ownership of this item , it stopped working properly . The right burner remains on at all times - we have to actually unplug it when not in use because even though the dial is turned all the way down it is very very hot when it is plugged in and turned off . So the right burner remains on hi all the time , and the left burner is either lo or hi , there is no concept of temperature control with this device ... if the knob is a centimeter below medium on the left burner then the heat will be very low too low to cook most things ... if it 's a centimeter above medium it 's hot - if you want medium heat to work , good luck.It worked ok until it broke , however it was never especially powerful . I ca n't even tolerate trying to cook with it anymore , I just go to the apartment downstairs and cook on my boyfriend 's mom 's gas stove for nice even heating . But a ministove that they are dubbing ` professional ' should not be breaking after like , three months .
 This cook plate appears at first glance to be well crafted . Upon removal from it 's carton it also has the feel of quality engineering . Starting with the heat controls , there is no resistance with either knob to keep it 's cooking position , the slightest touch of a clothe or paper towel may move either knob to the highest position . At times i believe the unit actually adjusts it self . The small burner never really shuts off . Leaving a pan of leftover 's or a skillet of grease set for cooling , I found is a dangerous experience . I found there is also no heat control for either knob . Turned on low and in a few minutes the element is glowing super heated , , hot enough to weld with . Use the same caution when cleaning , unplug when not in use , , as i have been branded many times just by wiping of a spill . How any appliance this dangerous can still be purchased , and even remains on the market is beyond me . My advice when buying the broilking hot plate is , purchase fire insurance at the same time . The unit is inferior and extremely dangerous around children or pets , and should be taken off the market completely .
 i bought this burner two years ago and it has been working just fine . however , i must say that i am now in the market for a new one because i have gotten tired of my only two option high or low . one ca n't really cook on this thing - which i need to since it 's my only stove - because there is no medium range of heat . other than that it 's fine .
 We have a small lodging operation . In spring of 2008 we purchased a total of 6 of these units . Of the 6 , there was 1 that worked out of the box . Got 5 replacement items , and of those , 3 worked out of the box.When plugged in , indicator light come on , and even with knobs turned to off , one or both of the burners gets hot !!! Frightening . Dangerous . And these are supposed to be `` professional '' quality.Broil King has been very supportive , and has replaced all defective units , but with no explaination as to the poor quality control.I 'd recommend finding a different solution . If you have to purchase and use , be sure to test first and replace if defective , and keep unplugged at all times except when in use . Hot plates are the # 1 source of house fires ; these are probably why !
 Well , sounds like most of the reviewers here have a different product than I do . I had a Westinghouse mini food processor for a few years that I loved until I finally broke the lid . So , this is the replacement -LRB- my second one of these by the way -RRB- . I did n't like it the first time , and I do n't like it now . It emits an ear-piercing squeal every time I turn it on , and it does n't chop very well . I ofen have to run it for a long time and/or mix up the contents several times to get it to chop everything -- and it did n't chop my parsley like it did another reviewers . I would recommend avoiding it , even despite the low cost .
 I had a batch of salsa to make at the last minute and thought this might be handy to buy and do the chopping for me . But after assembling it and re-reading the directions 50 times , it became clear that it did n't work . Not only did I waste an hour trying to get the darn thing to work , I ended up having to do all the chopping myself.It wo n't work unless the lid latch is locked and in place , but my latch would n't budge . Therefore , because of the safety features in place , the blades would n't move at all.Waste of money , time , and effort . Spend a few more dollars and get a different brand ! I wo n't buy Black and Decker again .
 This chopper is so small that it 's hard to pour things into it . The lid is very hard to take on and off , and you 'll have to take it on and off a lot b/c you wo n't be able to chop all your food at one time . I 'll be buying a new one soon .
 When my chopper arrived it was broken . I need to know how I can return it for a brand new one .
 I would have liked it if the product had an push button that chopped without me holding it down however , I can cut up small amounts to do what I need to do and for the cost it should have been just a little cheaper .
 Admittedly , when I got this item , I used it every day . I chopped nuts , onion , garlic , carrots , etc. . Its great for making a little pesto , dressing , etc. . But after six months part of the bowl cracked off , then another part , and now the blades are dull and it jams more than it chops . All in all the item lasted about a year with no problems , and its limped along for another six months . Its not very expensive , so it was n't a terrible investment -- still , I thought the Black and Decker name would mean it was more durable .
 I purchased this hotplate especially for canning , but it did n't work out . I can not get my canner hot enough to build up the pressure necessary to can salmon . I 've kept it because it works fine as an extra hot plate for buffets , but I probably should have returned it because this was too much to pay for something to just keep food warm ... it would work just fine , I think , for everyday type cooking ...
 I bought this item when my other fan died . I use a fan for `` white noise '' while I sleep as it gives me a deeper , more restful sleep.The other reviewers said that it had a good breeze on the low setting and was too noisy . So , I thought , `` This is the fan for me . '' Boy , was I wrong . It is quieter than my last fan . It does n't blow too strongly . I am waking up at night drenched in sweat !! The only thing I like about this fan is that it is remote controlled . That is why it got 2 stars.If you are like me and wanting this for the white noise it may produce . Skip it !
 This product was poorly packaged . The first one I ordered arrived broken . The replacement arrived broken . I will order it from other website .
 This was an `` Emergency Purchase '' to serve as a Turkey Platter for a Christmas Eve Party , cancelled -LSB- luckily -RSB- at the last minute.Such a rarely-used item really annoys me , taking up ` valuable ' cabinet space in my small kitchen . but the Eastside , while actually rather small for turkeys , looked like a SideBoard item for other uses.The design looked appealing in the small photo and I probably associated Pfaltzgraff with ` German Quality ' . Big Mistake ! It 's certainly not total junk , but let 's just say it 's out of place on a white Table Cloth or a Rosewood Buffet , Indeed , I 'd have guessed the price at 1/2 of the $ 30 I paid . That 's sad really as the concept shows real style and excellence but whoever chose the means of execution apparently was totally lacking in these areas .
 A cup-at-a-time coffeemaker is a great idea , but this one was poorly designed and performed unacceptably . First of all , the water flows into the grounds so quickly that the compartment overflows . Second of all , because of the way it 's made , when that happens the water with coffee grounds in it backs up into the water reservoir , which becomes filthy with coffee grounds . Third , because of the way it 's made , it 's not possible to open up the reservoir sufficiently to clean it out . So pretty quickly you 've got some old coffee grounds stuck in the water reservoir , and your coffee starts tasting bad as a result . I ultimately gave up and got an electric kettle and a cone filter , that works much better .
 I bought this because my local department store did n't have the Brew 'n' Go coffeemaker with the travel mug - big mistake ! None of my mugs will fit into this thing ! Also , the coffee grounds wash out of the filter and into the reservoir , which is annoying . Finally , the first cup I made was very messy - I got water everywhere . I 'm a bit of a klutz , but I 've never had that much trouble with a coffeemaker in the past . No one around here seems to have the Brew 'n' Go in stock , so I guess I 'm gon na go with the Toastess . I ca n't wait on Amazon to ship it - I need coffee now !
 I have this cofee maker that I purchased in 1993 . Ideal for office use - makes just one cup . Still works . I purchased new one for other office where I work . Unfortunately , shape was redesigned to `` fancy '' ane `` futuristic '' . Look nicer , but the shape is such that it is not possible to pour a cup of water not spilling a half . `` If not broken , do n't fix it , B&D '' ...
 This coffee pot broke after the first time I used it ! Need I say more ?
 This unit is by far THE WORST coffeemaker I 've ever seen . I used to grind beans before brewing and use fine grinding . When you fill this unit with water and put two teaspoons of ground coffee , then press Start button , it instantly clogs the filter , overfills the basket and your cup stays empty , but coffeemaker is all covered with ground coffee . I tried to remove their filter and put cone filter # 2 instead , same results . Coffee is everywhere except your mug . I used at least ten coffeemakers , but this is THE WORST .
 I bought the Cup-At-A-Time as a water-heater for my dorm room , and for a while it did it 's job merrily , but several months after I bought it , it began to sputter out on me . Once , while loading the water after brewing a cup of tea fifteen minutes prior , steam shot out of the fixture and a piece flew out . It appeared to be a regulating apparatus that stops and starts the intake of water . I managed to put it back in , but time and time again , it dislodges . Another problem I noticed is the lid does not sit securely on the machine , and can be easily opened by a small child that may not know any better . I plan on returning this fixture to the store I bought it from for something different .
 Yes , it 's convenient . However , the coffee is not steaming hot and tastes not good at all .
 The coffee that this thing produces stinks . It tastes like water . A poorly made product . If you want watered down coffee than purchase this
 Awful . Just awful . Very cheaply made , cheap quality plastic . You must use a super small mug . Mine completely broke after about 4 months . Stay away .
 I had high hopes for this item . I needed something for the office . I 've used this cup coffee maker three times and it made more mess than coffee . Here are the problems : - Drink your coffee quick as there is no heated base to keep it warm . Need to provide your own cup , too . - Coffee overflows into water reserve . Difficult cleaning the grounds out of the water reserve . - Move that cup , and the coffee keeps flowing out over everything . Rinse the coffee basket , and water flows out . You either have to rinse your cup again or put a paper towel down to collect the drips.Not worth the hassle . Do n't cut corners ; get a decent machine .
 This one cup coffemaker from Black & Decker did not work properly thefirst time , I used it . Instead of waiting until you pushed the button down to turn it on , it just started brewing on its own . So I had to pour in the water , put in the coffee and make sure I had the mug underneath the opening before I plugged it in or the water would come pouring out of it . My mother bought one of these brewers too , and it did the exact same thing mine did . I have had other brands of these one cuppers over the years , and none of them did what this one did . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 This product arrived without the cup and the polarized plug had been cut off . Does n't do me much good . What kind of company ships broken and missing products ?
 I purchased this little coffee pot on December 10th and got it a couple of days later . I loved the little thing . I do n't use it everyday , so maybe it had about 7 days of use . This morning , January 6th , it was dead . I 've written to Black and Decker , but it 's not worth fighting about , so I guess it 's money out the window .
 Purchased this and used it for approx 2 weeks ... woke up one morning , tried to make coffee and I could not get the brewer to turn on ... . tried another outlet and other appliance worked on the outlet I was using . The brewer just stopped functioning ... the 2 weeks I used it I thought the product was `` ok '' . . was n't thrilled with it and decided to keep it anyway . . then it broke . The cup size was very small , the coffee filter that comes with the product is very flimsy ... but I was going to try to live with all that . Trying a bit more expensive brewer ... glad it stopped working before my 30 days expired to return it . The concept is great ... just one cup at a time using your own coffee . . I also own a Senseo - and wanted to switch to my own coffee for awhile to use up my supply before it goes stale . Going to try the Cuisanart 4 cup brewer ... hopefully it will last me for years instead of weeks . I would not recommend the above product to a friend .
 I love coffee . But I am the only coffee drinker at home . Sounds like a perfect situation for a cup-at-a-time coffee maker , right ? I thought so too , so I ordered this little guy from Amazon . I tried to use the mesh filter that came with the coffee maker , but grounds kept ending up in my coffee . Then I added paper cones , which worked ok . I couldnt find cones small enough so I had to wedge a much larger cone in the smaller space . It worked , but was frustrating.However , the coffee maker will only fit the standard coffee mug . My coffee mugs arent that much taller , but they wont work with this guy . I had to give him the boot after an earnest month of trying to adapt .
 I had an old Cup-at-a-Time in my old workplace , and it was great ! But I bought one for my new workplace , and am very disappointed with the horrible plastic taste that I can not get rid of . I have scrubbed it out , run a vinegar solution through it , run a baking soda solution through it , even run fresh-squeezed lemon juice through it , and many , many changes of water , but the tea still tastes strongly of plastic.I 'm going to try a metal electric teakettle instead .
 While sounding like a good idea , terrible engineering skills were applied . A cup here means a TINY cup . What 's the point if I ca n't even use a coffee mug ? The area to pour the water in is also narrow , and you wind up splashing some into the coffee container that is right next to it all the time . To top it off , apparently the thing does n't seal well and the coffee grounds wind up bubbling into the water container so that the latter is always dirty . BAD .
 I ordered one of these for work , despite reading mixed reviews . This is a coffeemaker which works inconsistently and often requires you to monitor it while it is running to avoid leakage . If the steam curls the filter to one side or if the coffeemaker is not perfectly level , the coffee tends to drain down the back of the cup , onto the base , and under the unit , getting the surrounding area wet . I have tried multiple types of filters , tried different configurations , different types of cups , etc but still inconsistent performance . A design engineer friend looked at it and told me that the area where the coffee drains should be out further , to hit the center of a typical cup , rather than nearer the back . I would suggest spending the extra money and purchasing a product which works more efficiently - who has the time to babysit a coffeemaker ?
 I had a Cup-At-A-Time for many years when it finally started to fail . It would n't empty the tank completely leading to a partially filled cup . It worked well for such a long time that I did n't hesitate to purchase the new model . Well the new one performs just fine but the shape has been changed . The new shape is a bit futuristic and is difficult to fill without spilling some water on the countertop . The old shape had a square top which presented a large area to lean the cup against when filling . The new shape has a pointed and curved area at the top which requires greater accuracy when pouring the water into the tank .
 This product was misdirected by USPS so did n't arrive at my home for three weeks after the promised date . I did not accept it and hopefully was credited . I would love to have used it but by the time it came I had purchased a different one .
 This is the second Cup at a Time I 've had ; they 're nice when they work but do n't last very long . The on switch quits working and that 's it.If you do n't mind buying a new one every couple of months , they 're OK .
 I am VERY disappointed in this coffee machine . I drink just about any coffee , BUT this has the most awful , plastic taste , and I tried everything , running it alot , filtered water , vinegar , and it is awful . I wish I could get my money back . Maybe I just wound up with bad one , but BEWARE !
 If you like cooled off coffee you 'll like this coffee maker . Water flows thru so fast that the water does not get hot . It is also difficult to pour water into the top of the coffee maker without it spilling outside . Great idea - wish water was hot and you were able to use your coffee cup to pour the water into the base .
 I was not happy with this coffee maker for several reasons . First of all , my coffee cups would not fit into the area under the drip spout . Secondly , it did not keep the coffee warm . Our previous single coffee maker had a warming plate where the coffee cup sat and kept the coffee hot . I would not recommend this coffee maker to anyone .
 Update : After a couple of years , my coffeemaker started leaking badly . At this price I threw it out and bought a new one because I loved it . The new one improved the size of the cup you can use , however , it leaked badly from day one . I had to stop using it . I can no longer recommend it.This simple coffeemaker makes a decent cup of coffee in no time flat ! It takes up hardly any room on my counter and the coffee is hot . The only reason I rated it four stars and not five is that there is a an unpleasant residue in the bottom of my cup because you ca n't use a paper filter . So I do n't drink the last sip and I am good to go ! Also , you ca n't fit a large mug in it - the picture is deceiving .
 The on/off switch broke five months after I purchased this product - bought it in May 2009 ; switch malfunctioned in September 2009 . I only make one cup of coffee a day , so it was n't a matter of over-use . Prior to this , I 'd been very satisfied , but now I feel like I 've thrown money down a hole .
 After about two weeks of use the coffee maker failed . I now heat water and pour through a one cup maker . Guess it was my fault that I bought a cheapie rather than a goodie .
 DO N'T BOTHER WITH THESE BAGS , THEY DO NOT COMPARE IN QUALITY COMPARED TO ORIGINAL KENMORE BAGS . THEY ARE ABOUT 1/2 AS THICK & FEEL VERY CHEAP . I THOUGHT I WAS GETTING ORIGINAL KENMORE BAGS -- NOT THESE `` KNOCK OFFS '' .
 This item will only work if you have plenty of room from the end of the shower arm to the wall . I have purchased and returned this item because the only way for it to go on properly would have required replacing and therefore lowering the shower arm .
 The filter worked ok the first few days of use . It definitely effected the water pressure , but not too terrible . After 2-3 days , the water slowed to a drip . Do n't waste your money , it 's definitely not worth it .
 Living in an area where the city puts so much chlorine in the water that you have to practically buy body lotion in bulk makes a showerhead-mounted water filter a good idea . However , this one in particular sucks . Within the first week the cartridge inside swelled up and clogged from the use of hot water , and reduced the outflow of water to a mere drizzle . I have to routinely take the shower filter off , take the cartridge out and rinse it out with cool water every 3 days so it will work . And the unit is only a month old . Pathetic . It 's less trouble just to return it and use more lotion .
 You have to watch this appliance carefully or it will melt and likely catch fire . The first time I tried it out I ran water through it with no coffee , as suggested in the manual to get rid of `` any new smell . '' I did not switch the unit off and after about 5 minutes it had started smoking profusely and the plastic was severely melted on the vertical front surface -LRB- presumably in front of the heater coil -RRB- . The manual does say to turn it off when done brewing , but it neglects to mention what will happen if you do n't ! This is a dangerous design ; it 's an accident waiting to happen . Sooner or later you will get distracted by the kids , dog , phone or whatever , then watch out !
 I ordered 2 of these items and only received 1 -LRB- one -RRB- . I keep getting ignored and I want the other item I ordered . I tried for some time . Caution .
 I bought this toaster after reading several reviews , finding a reasonable price , and liking the look of it . I was looking to upgrade since my old toaster -LRB- a toastmaster -RRB- was cranked to the highest setting and needed to go through two toast cycles to lightly brown . I am seriously disappointed with this toaster . I put my english muffin in and only half the muffin toasts , and that half usually ends up burnt . The slots are slanted forward , and it seems that when the muffin is in the toaster , it is the upper portion that over toasts , and the lower portion comes out essentially raw . Though my toastmaster was only 6 years old or so , and had to go through two cycles ... it still toasted better then this T-Fal . I bought it several weeks ago and have only used it a handful of times , I am going to try to clean it up good and return it for some other brand.Hope this helps .
 My husband and I bought this toaster looking to upgrade . This toaster was the biggest waste of money . Sounds like many other reviewers had trouble with their toast being burned , but we could n't even get that far . From the moment we took it out of the box , we had trouble even getting the toasting lever to stay down . After a couple of months it would n't stay down at all , and we 'd have to stand there holding the lever down to get the toaster to work . We recently replaced this toaster with a cheaper Philips toaster , which so far is working gloriously well . Stay away from T-Fal !
 I decided to `` upgrade '' and spend more on a toaster , too . First one did not work properly - one of the wires that holds the toast in did n't move with the lever and the toast tilted to one side and burned . My second one - the wires work but it does not toast evenly at all ! Half the time portions are burned , even at a lower setting of 3-4 . I do n't see it being a whole lot faster , either . I 've gone through a half/loaf of bread testing it and I am not happy . I appreciate the reviews on Amazon and checked here to see the comments on this product . It looks like the two good reviews were from a year ago , so perhaps the manufacturing has gotten sloppy . But my old , cheap , unattractive toaster does a better job than this ! Do I exchange it again or forget it ?!
 This toaster lasted for about 8 months before it started to burn toast on one side , even at low settings . We are very disappointed with this purchase .
 Based on all the glowing reviews here of this toaster , I went and purchased one . It does toast bread just fine . But it is absolutely lousy on bagels and english muffins . One half of the same side too dark and the other half of the same side not toasted at all . Figured that I had a bad one . Exchanged it for another and it does the same thing . I am very puzzled HOW it can do so poorly on round items , but it does . Tried inside in , inside out . Always the half closest to back of toaster burns before the half closest to the front gets any gold at all .
 What a beautiful hunk of toaster . But alas , all style , no functionality . First the lever which helps lift up the bread stripped its gears -LRB- approximately 3 months into use -RRB- , then the inside heating elements ceased to function -LRB- 4 months into use -RRB- , and finally we tossed the unit when it began to smell like burning wires.Incredibly disappointed with T-Fal service - they do not stand behind this product .
 After just a few months of occasional use the lever to lower the bread would not stay down . I see now that others have had this problem . Typical `` Made in China '' junk . No more T-Fal for us .
 Another defective product - did n't work from the start . I have no patience for awful quality control with today 's products -LRB- or is it just my bad luck -RRB- . Plus , the returns are so difficult since the stores make you feel like a criminal . You might want to try this before you leave the store .
 This toaster projectile ejects your toast right to the kitchen floor , even if the toaster is located at the back of the counter by the wall . I can not vouch for the toast -- we never got to sample any as they all were hurled to the floor . `` Avante '' toaster -- should be called the `` Avalanche '' toaster -- that 's what you get .
 ... I bought this pan a few weeks back . With the first use , , I was very surprised to notice that the handle of the pan gets very hot , likely due to the absence of the branched origin of the handle . I have several other high end cookware , and none of their handle gets hot like this -LRB- and all of them have a branched origin of the handles -RRB- . Other than that , , the pan is very good . I would have given it 5 stars , , but I think the hot handle should take it down by 2 stars . I am very surprised that none of the other reviewers has mentioned this.This part is a follow up on the review I have done a while back . I decided to lower one more star because now the non-stick coating on the pan is peeling off , making the food stick . This is despite using wooden or plastic utensils only and handwashing it .
 It was said the heat transfers evenly ... it does n'tThe handle gets hot , and the food is cooked soft not crisp . Too much high heat -LRB- recommended -RRB- actually left stain marks on the corners of the griddle .
 I HAVE OTHER CALPHON THAT I VERY HAPPY WITH , BEWARE OF THIS ONE.EVERY PIECE OF MEAT OR CHICKEN OR EGGS STICKS TO IT , NO MATTER WHAT YOU DO , AND THE CLEAN UP TAKES TIME AND A GOOD DEAL OF WORK .
 Typically excellent Calphalon construction , BUT do n't try to roast/brown tomatoes on this griddle . They stick , and since it has a `` non stick '' coating you ca n't get the release you get with a cast iron or hard anodized finish . Stick with well seasoned cast iron or hard anodized . Unfortunately I have recently moved out of the the US or this item would be returned . 0 stars .
 This griddle cooks well . However , it is awkward to hold and move due to the long thin solid metal handle supporting the heavy pan.However , the real difficulty is that the handle gets almost to the pan temperature . It also stays hot for a longer time than the pan probably due to the different metal in the handle . This presents an additional surface for small children to touch.I got this for my wife , and she bought their everyday round griddle for me . The round griddle is better balanced , and the handle looks to be improved . On the other hand , the non-stick looks different . It also is n't as heavy so it may not conduct heat quite as well and , therefore , not cook quite as well.However , we 'll trade some perfection for a better balance of virtues .
 The quality of the griddle itself is great ; however , the metal handle becomes extremely hot after just a small time , and regardless of heat setting . ALWAYS have a pot holder handy before working with this piece of cookware . Also , it takes a long time to cool unless you run it under cold water after use . I would not recommend this product to people with small children who might want to grab the nice shiny - and scalding - handle .
 Alarm does not work . . I guess I got what I paid for . I did not realize how small the clock actually was .
 Unlike the photo , reading this clock is difficult without overhead light or using the small backlight button . The buttons to set the time/alarm are small and hard to see and I only have mild vision impairment .
 I am a heavy sleeper and was relieved when many of the Amazon reviewers complained that this clock was too loud . I bought it , thinking it was just what I need for my travel alarm.Setting it up was a snap . It runs on two lithium batteries , which should give it a very long battery life , and the buttons are easy to operate and intuitive . You press hour for hour , minute for minute ; and there are several sliders . The first one lets you switch between alarm setting , time setting and normal mode , the second slider lets you select between 12/24 hours which is nice ; and the third slider lets you choose between alarm on , alarm off , and snooze mode.My definition of loud , is loud enough to wake me . I do own a clock radio which when in buzz mode is like an air-raid siren . Only once or twice have I ever turned it off in my sleep , which is a great track record for me.To test the Casio Travel Alarm Clock I set it up on a table and pretended to sleep through the alarm . I wanted to see how long it would ring and how loud it would get , over about a half hour period . After this I planned to test the snooze function.The sound is audible and gets a little louder with time , which is great , if only it would ring for more than 50 seconds . That 's right folks . 50 seconds and then it stops . I tried it both in alarm and in snooze mode , and it just stops , all by itself.On alarm mode I waited 20 minutes -LRB- more than long enough to be late for work -RRB- , and no dice . Not one peep . The clock stayed silent . Then I switched to snooze mode . Same result . Clock would ring for 50 seconds , then just die , never to be heard from again.This is BAD news , so just to be sure , I set it to snooze mode FIRST , THEN re-set the alarm . Clock rang for the same amount of time , then died on its own , never to be heard from again.After that I did n't feel the need to try the snooze feature . The clock had already failed . I needed it to wake me UNTIL I hit the snooze button , and then again UNTIL I hit the snooze button.DO NOT buy this watch unless you are a light sleeper who wakes up fast . You 'll be sorry .
 I bought this filter hoping it would help address the dust problem I am having at home but after a week of use I see no effect whatsoever on dust . I am not sure what else it is expected to do but it gets a failing grade on this one .
 It never worked . I did got my money back but I wasted my time . I ended up buying from a store were I can try the item first .
 OK.I 'd been a longtime user of the Brita pitcher , and was very satisfied with the results . Water tasted much better , and Kool-Aid was even more healthy without all the crap and bad afterstate of the water . I moved from the place I was and forgot the pitcher , and now I 'm in a small studio and needed another filter pitcher . Unfortunately , it hurt me paying $ 40 for the Brita the first time , and I did n't want to repeat it . I saw this Culligan for sale down at Albertsons , they wanted $ 20 for it . Well , you get what you pay for.First off , its good points . Its slim design is great when you have a small or minimum room fridge . The filter is easy to load . There 's a pour spout on top that keeps particles from getting in , and there 's a small switch at the very top where you can set the month in which to replace it.Now , the bad.The instructions say to soak the filter for 15 minutes -LRB- to loosen any stray carbon -RRB- . My first complaint is that Brita does not have this requirement . My second complaint is that it does n't work . I soaked mine for 2 hours , then when I ran water through it , I still saw particles . This is from already clear water fresh from a bottle . So it came from the filter . I shook the filter , thinking maybe I could dislodge the rest of it . I was shaking for 30 minutes and particles still came out . Bad . And of course , without the filter , it defeats the whole purpose of having the pitcher . You get what you pay for sometimes . It 's sad that we Americans have to pay almost 100 % more in order to get a quality product , instead of our business just making quality and charging a fair price . C'est la vie . Brita Mae , I 've learned my lesson , I 'm coming home .
 Shame on OXO . This product is a waste of natural recources.Looked nice once installed , but difficult to operate , would n't tear consistantly , a pain to rewind , and the tab holding the crossbar broke during the first paper roll . Returned it . Bought a ` perfect tear ' racheting undercounter type , love it !
 I usually buy OXO products because their quality is excellent . This product misses the mark however . The workmanship was shoddy and it broke before it was even installed ! The idea behind it is a good one but I bought the ratchet paper towel holder as a replacement and it is the best !
 I wanted a stainless steel paper towel holder to hang down from the bottom of my cabinets . I was intrigued by this one 's claim to be able to hold paper towels in place so you 'd only need one hand to pull them . Unfortunately , this product does n't do very well at that . It holds the paper towels way too tightly so that when you pull , they get caught and rip rather than tearing at the lines . If you loosen the grip of the arm that holds them , they rip off better , but within a few pulls , it 's all the way loose and you just have a regular paper towel holder -LRB- but with a weird metal arm sticking out -RRB- . Plus , when the holding mechanism is engaged , the paper towels feed away from you , toward the wall , making it awkward to reach a paper towel . Maybe if you only plan on mounting this straight out from a wall or cupboard , not hanging down , you 'll like the result better . For me it was a waste of the extra $ 15 I paid for this model over the other , regular , stainless steel paper towel holders.Bottom line
 Even when this thing is bolted tight onto the drywall , it is a little bit flimsy where the bar is that sticks out over the paper towel . It wiggles and squeaks when you 're trying to pull out paper towels . It feels cheaply made . Worked hard to perfect my bathroom and I do n't think this was the right finishing touch for it . I bought it mainly for its looks and smaller size compared to the higher rated Perfect Tear Chrome Paper Towel Holder .
 This is my first time using an air purifier . I bought this one because it was on sale for $ 29.99 . Well , I bought it because I thought it would help me with my allergy but I sneezed the whole night when I used it the first night I got it . I wonder if all air purifier makes loud noises ? Because this one sounds too loud when I turn it on to medium , not even high yet . Good deal but does n't help me at all . Maybe it helps others .
 This machine is really only Quiet if you have hearing problems . Seems like a factory inside , even on the so called sleep mode . My cat is afraid of the noise , in sleep mode . When put on medium or high mode , she leaves the room . It 's more like a vacuumcleaner . I really do not understand how people can say that this thing is quiet in sleep mode . Comment this if you want to hear a recording of the background noise on sleep mode : -RRB-
 This thing just moves dust around . For it to even begin to work it must be on high . Consumer reports really describes why any purifier that does not go above 100 CDR is really not working well enough to realize any benefits - in fact may actually harm you - because you have it in your mind that you have a purifier in the room and then you do n't allow fresh air in.Don ' t buy the delonghi 's - they are very poor air purifiers . They will suck in dust - but they wo n't do it enough for you to help eliminate any problem that you may have due to dust / pollen / dander etc.Look elsewhere - if you can - check out consumer reports website on air purifiers .
 I have a very small bedroom , probably less than 10x10 and even on the highest setting it does n't do a very good job of getting the dust out of the air . I still have dust accumulating around my room even in winter with my windows shut . I do n't know where this dust is coming from , but the purifier is n't getting rid of it . On the quiet setting it is a lot quieter , but still about the same noise level as the $ 200 Honeywell that I used to own -LRB- I lost it during a breakup -RRB- on it 's Highest setting . And on the quiet setting it basically does nothing . It will suck in dust from about 1/2 inch away , but that 's about it . The only positive thing I have to say about this is that since my room is so small it 's nice to be able to hang it on the wall since there is nowhere else to put it.Bottom line : If you really need to get the dust and allergens out of the air you 're going to need to spend another $ 100 on a better purifier . I would recommend the Honeywell . If you have a tiny room and need something that can hang on the wall , but does n't really do much besides make noise I would go with this unit .
 I was shocked to read in the instruction book that you can not continuously run this cleaner on HIGH . It tells you how powerful and worthy the motor is in one sentence and then tells you the motor wo n't stand being run on high constantly ! The CADR is only 70 and that 's not much compared to other models by other manfacturers . AND the filers even at the cheapest web sites are expensive ! I think this thing is going back tomorrow ...
 Wish I would have returned it.I know others have found it works great . I , however , found sprays clear odors better . I did n't find the air cleaner or with less odor -LRB- trying to get rid of smoke smell -RRB- . And other reviewers were NOT kidding when they said it is loud on anything but low . Do n't even think about listening to anything else unless you use headphones.There you have it . Hope you find something quieter that works well .
 It is hard to rate this filter because I could n't get it to fit on any of my faucet -LRB- it need a longer fitting -RRB- I have one morefaucet to try it on in my camper .
 I used to swear by these filters , as they are well-rated on Consumer Reports and take the major chemicals out of our water . However , the past four or so filters I 've most recently used have lasted anywhere from 3 days to a couple of weeks , before the water flow turns into a mere dribble.In calling Culligan tech support , they said it 's not defective if water passed through originally . And that the average lifetime of two months varies with consumption and locale . Really Culligan , is this the best you can do ?
 I like the ease of use -- and it does a good job delivering clean tasting water -LRB- I use it to fill my Mavea Elemaris pitcher -- together an awesome combination -RRB- but my biggest problem is that after two week the water is trickling out of the faucet , as if it 's been used for two months ! I ca n't afford to replace the filter every two weeks ...
 filter replacement popped off of the filter housing and broke . Emailed Amazon and they are sending a replacement . First filter worked fine . Maybe just the occasional defect .
 Looks like I was unlucky . These cartridges leaked when I put them on the faucet mount . The first replacement I was able to manage with some teflon plumbing tape but the second squirted water all around the sink . I plan to buy the whole unit again because it makes my water taste better . This is the only reason I would give it 2 stars . Surprisingly I dont see too many bad reviews or any that say that the replacement leaked . Wonder why .
 I installed the entire filter unit as soon as purchased.When the faucet is turned off , the unit is supposed to automatically return to unfiltered status . Due to increased water pressure by our water company , this does not happen and the local Culligan manager admits that it is a problem caused by the increase in water pressure and Culligan has not addressed the problem . I have since , returned to using the newest model of PUR water faucet mounted filter which has a manual filter control . It has far faster flow rate then either the older Pur model or the Culligan . Culligan needs to resolve this problem .
 I tried this thing on my kitchen sink because the water has a sulpher smell . It lasted about one week before the water trickled down to almost nothing and the smell came back . Do n't know what to recommend , but definitely not this .
 I wo n't bother telling you how the water tastes , or any of that subjective stuff . I have a TDS meter -LRB- total dissolved solids -RRB- and here are my measurements -LRB- averages -RRB- : Regular tap before installation of Culligan :265 PPMTap with Culligan filter ON :265 PPMTap with Culligan filter BYPASSED :250 PPMConclusion : The filter does nothing in terms of reducing particulate matter . In fact , the Culligan 's own aerator -LRB- used when the filter is bypassed -RRB- is better at that . It 's basically the wire mesh thing.My tap is roughly 8 times dirtier than store-bought spring water -LRB- 35 PPM on average that I 've measured -RRB- . The filter did not help me there.The only reason I am keeping the Culligan is it will HOPEFULLY KILL whatever those particles ARE . I would rather drink 265 PPM of dead , inert material than 265 potential sources of disease.I am very disappointed . I 'm not equipped to prove how much disease is being prevented . Fortunately , the product is relatively cheap , so it deserves at least two stars . I doubt any of the other filter products fare much better as I have tried Brita and PUR in the past -LRB- do n't remember my measurements , but they were terrible as well as being expensive -RRB- .
 i do n't know if the other reviewers are talking about the same filter , Culligan FM-15RA Level 3 Faucet Filter.i bought 6 filters and a new one works for about 3 days , then the flow goes down to about 1 gallon in 12 hours or so .
 I bought the filter , but was not a good fit for my faucet because it sprayed water everywhere . I tried to return , but because it is a replacment cartridge you have to pay for the return shipping even though it was not used -LRB- they pay for the return shipping for the filter , just not the replacement cartridge -RRB- . I tried to explain to them if I am returning the filter , then I do not need a replacement filter . My advice , do n't buy the replacement until you know the filter works with your faucet .
 Horrible product ! Very difficult to get on and not leak . Impossible to get apart to be able to change the filter . Cheap but worthless !
 I bought this filter based on the reviews posted ... First ... it does n't fit my faucet as supplied . The only washer that fits is entirely too thick . My Moen faucet ca n't get a grip on the threads -LRB- fits fine without the washer , but it leaks like crazy without it -RRB- . Ca n't comment on the effectiveness , because I ca n't get it to work . Very disappointed . I hate it when you have to fix an item `` out of the box '' . Inexcusable.Seventeen-fifty shot to hell . Back to Brita pitchers .
 After only using this for just 10 days , the water flow is just unacceptable . I even unscrew the filter a little bit to release the pressure , that does n't help.There is no justification for spending money on this item
 I purchased this filter for my daughter , a new teacher , who had moved to an apartment in a rural part of Montana where the water has a lot of minerals in it . When it comes out of the tap , it 's actually white . The filter worked just great for 4 months , then cracked and quit . This was too expensive an item to last only 4 months . The cost of shipping it back , then getting only a `` partial '' refund , makes it unproductive to return this junky piece of equipment . We wo n't be buying any further Culligan items .
 I love the size of this unit and the way it operates , but it does not filter the water . I tried this because the PUR units I 've been using were developing leaks very soon after purchase . However , I 'd rather spend money replacing PURs than purchasing an item like this that does not do a decent job filtering the water . The main thing I have to contend with is the chlorine taste and altho the filters say they remove chlorine , they do not.I wrote to PUR advising them of the trouble I 've been having with their units . They sent me a certificate for a free unit so after having this Culligan unit on for about a week I went and got my free PUR and put it on.I also wrote to Culligan and their attitude was pretty much `` tough luck . '' These units and the filters are much less expensive than PURs but they are n't worth their small cost for me because they do n't work on chlorine .
 It took an act of congress to get this thing to stop leaking around the faucet head .
 I 've been buying these cartridges from Amazon for over a year without any issues . Lately , the cartridges are n't filtering the water correctly and it tastes like chlorine . I 've had to order and return several times before getting a cartridge that actually works . Very frustrating .
 This came highly recommended , but the filter being replaced broke while it was being removed . And it broke the housing in the process . It never worked as promised , so we have replaced with another brand .
 I like the unit itself . Unlike some of the other brands of filters on the market this one has no problem with leakage . Also it is very easy to install and uninstall.The main problem we have with it is the very short lifespan . Most of the other products will last for 3-4 months before you need to replace the filter . On this unit the water flow goes down to a mere trickle in about 3-4 weeks.We deal with slow flow for about as long as we can stand it and then we have to replace it before we loose our minds . I 'm ready to give up on this brand , but somehow , due to convenience , I just end up buying more filters from Amazon.I guess if $ 15.00 for a 3-4 week filter is not that much to you then this filtration system is the one for you.I 'm going to try another brand next time .
 I was researching water purifiers and was most interested in the Culligan , until I noticed that the filter is made of polypropylene , which is itself a suspected health hazard -LRB- liver and respiratory -RRB- . I would recommend reading more from the Environmental Working Group or other scientific literature readily found online before purchasing something that may pose its own risks while protecting from other contaminants . I do n't know if there are safer alternatives -LRB- still looking -RRB- , and maybe this is the same for other brands , but thought this is worth mentioning .
 The filters are easy to install and the water is of good quality . However , the water flow is sooo slow that it sometimes took up to 30 minutes to fill out a one gallon container with water . Now I am not talking about a 6 months old filters ! I am referring to a two-three weeks old filter . Most of the filters we got produced a slow water flow to begin with , deteriorating into just a drip after just a couple or few of weeks . . I would say maybe one out of five filters produced a decent flow of water -LRB- i.e. we were able to fill a one gallon container in just a 3-4 minutes -RRB- . We used this filter for drinking water as well as occasionally cooking water - I would say an avarage of 2-3 Gallons a day.At first I thought I got a defected filter and sent it back but then I learned that most filters have the same issue . It was rare for us to use the same filter for two months as advised on the package , and we usually needed to replace the filter every 3-5 weeks , which off course increased our expense.After almost a year with this system , we have decided to change to a different company and a different system
 I used this product in the past and it worked by filtering the chlorine taste out of our water . I re-ordered and this time , it did NOT filter out the taste . I thought it was my imagination , but after a couple of weeks , my family was complaining about the taste . I compared the water coming straight from the tap to the water coming out of this filter and there was no difference . I also compared the Culligan `` filtered '' water to the water out of my fridge , that runs through a PurSource 2 filter and the refrigerator water was definitely better tasting with no chlorine aftertaste . Deciding I must have received a defective Culligan filter , I returned this item to amazon , but only received a partial refund and was charged a `` re-stocking '' fee . This does n't seem fair if you receive a product that does n't work properly , or is defective . Bottom line , I 'm not sure if Culligan 's quality has gone down-hill or if I received a lemon , but I would not take a chance in repurchasing this item again .
 This Culligan filterCulligan FM-15A Level 3 Faucet Filterand refill cartridge filter the water well , but after using it for 2-3 months , It developed a slight dripping leak from the side of the filter -LRB- only leaks while the filter is on -RRB- . Also , the button that turns the filter on/off no longer auto shuts off when the faucet is shut off , So you can end up using the filter more quickly if you are not proactive about the switch .
 I am extremely disappointed in performance of this water filter considering previous reviews.The filter lasts for just about 10 days . After a week the water pressure coming out of the filter is so low that it takes +2 hrs to fill a 1/2th Gallon pitcher .
 We like to keep one of these in reserve , so I do n't have to order one right when we need to change it . Therefore , I put in a new cartridge yesterday afternoon that I 've had since August . The threads are flattened on one side of the cartridge , so it does n't work . It gets blown out of the housing about 1/4 inch , and water shoots everywhere . We wo n't return it , since the return window has expired . We 'd only get 50 % of the cost and have to pay for return shipping . That 's fair . Lesson learned . I ordered another one , and I have to open that one . Hopefully , it 's not defective . The following replacement cartridge that gets sent to us will be opened and examined before we need to use it , so that if it 's defective , we 'll be able to return it for a replacement that is n't . First time we 've gotten a defective cartridge , but we 'll always check them as soon as they come in , from now on . * An amendment-the cartridge we just received has the same flattened threads . This unit is now useless , and we 'll have to find another brand of filter for our kitchen faucet .
 I took apart the Culligan and I ca n't imagine how it filters water . It 's a solid block of charcoal -LRB- so 1 star for that -RRB- poorly glued to the top -LRB- I was able to pull it off with moderate amount of tugging -RRB- but with small gaps at the bottom which sorta explains the low water pressure and explains another person 's review why his PPM test was the same with and without the filter -LRB- 265 versus 265 -RRB- . And the only reason I took it apart was because I used this Culligan to filter water for my tea kettle and I noticed that tea kettle had become chalky white which I guess is the residual chlorine from the water which got me thinking does this thing even work ? So , I took it apart and the rest is history.I highly suggest you take yours apart and see for yourself .
 I was sick of Pur filters breaking after only 6 months of use - saw this had a 5 year warranty so I tried it - breaks , too . I might be able to get a new one on warranty but I was more disgusted with the 5 year warranty when it is no better than the others who give a 1 year warranty and the water tastes no where near as good as the Pur . So I am going back to the Pur - if I have to throw something in the landfill every 6 months to a year it may as well be the Pur which satisfies in the meantime .
 This is not the first time I 'm buying this filter replacement . However my particular unit which I bought last time does n't filter water at all . Very disappointing
 I want to preface this review by letting the read know that I have not purchased this product , however I have recently become educated in water filtration and have an opinion you may find valuable when considering your families health.This filter , which is probably a great filter for certain intentions , may not filter all VOC 's -LRB- volatile organic carbon contaminates -RRB- . I 'm basing this assumption on the design of the filtration system in comparison to that of slightly higher grade systems . Most importantly tho , you 're not going to get any fluorine filtration out of it , which may cause some irreversible deterioration of health in some constant consumers . Not enough bottled water products , basic filtration products and under the sink products are providing distilled , fluorine free products , or , at the very least are providing customers with a full palette of water filtration knowledge for the health of their families . The best water purification method for kitchen use is , more often than not , a home distiller . There are other filtration methods that will eliminate fluoride , such as counter top methods -LRB- easily found here on amazon -RRB- , which may work just fine , but personally I would go with a distiller . You can find some reasonably priced distillers -LRB- 100-200 dollars -RRB- , and some with payment plans , all over the internet . Take a gander at h2olabs.com , or stay in the neighborhood and browse amazon . . whatever suits you best . Please though , utilize the internet and gather information on fluoride and its affects on health . You do n't need it in any of your products . It 's okay to rid your home of consumer co-dependency and begin making products and home , without fluoride or a middle man adding contaminants that may be harmful to your family . To reform your home into a more self sufficient , clean and eco friendly atmosphere , do your research . All it takes is 3 or 4 massive buys that will pay for themselves quicker than you can blink your eye , and will last for years on end with the exception of minor filter replacements here and there . My goal is to help the world feel less threatened by self sufficiency through product education , which I know you will find to be a very liberating feeling :-RRB- . . Try getting a distiller , and from there google information on products that are predominantly sold with fluoride and learn how to make them naturally at home .
 You can only buy these online , if you need one fast forget it . The whole unit broke at the filter threads from the water pressure . Water was spraying out everywhere . The charcoal also broke off on the inside of the filter . Cheap , buy another brand . We are now using a PUR , much better .
 I never really like the water taste from this filter . I thought I would like it once I become used to it , but it did n't happen . I 'm very disappointed that Culligan made such a bad filter . Though everything else works fine with the filter , but the taste for me is just a no-no .
 Just had problems with it and our faucet . tossed it and planning on getting an in-line filter instead of a faucet filter .
 After using the product for over a year , I have to admit , these are expensive to replace and they last only a short while compared to other products on the market . Not worth the price and replacement time overall .
 The old filters are next to impossible to get off . I 'm a guy , weigh 225 pounds and am pretty darn strong . I ca n't get these off without Dynamite . You 're better off just buying another whole faucet filter and it only costs a few dollars more .
 This replacement carafe is exactly what you need if you have a working Braun KF400 coffee maker . The coffee maker makes a great cup of coffee but you ' l notice that you can buy a new KF400 coffee maker for less than the cost of this carafe.Over the past 15 years -LRB- we really like the coffee maker ! -RRB- we have gone through three of these carafes - only to have them fail or break . They dribble coffee - have a cheap plastic hinge , and are the most fragile item we have to wash in our sink every day . As some reviews state , you just have to be careful - but then most of us are usually half asleep when we make our coffee.We recently upgraded to the KF600 and love it . It has a sturdy metal thermal carafe , pours easily , and makes the same great cup of coffee . Paying a few extra bucks should prevent us from replacing anymore carafes .
 I completly agree with the first reviewer - the coffee maker itself is great . Its simple , inexpensive , long lasting , and makes good coffee . But the carafe is too weak . It should be made of strong pyrex glass , but instead it seems to cracks too easily . My first carafe cracked after about a year and I ordered this replacement . I was always very careful with the second one , but after about a year , it cracked also . Now I am ordering my third one . I am also like one of the other reviewers who said he refuses to buy another coffee maker out of principle . I do n't like metal carafes because you cant see how much coffee you have left . I feel like I 'm buying a new coffee maker each year . Its almost like the business models with ink-jet printers - sell the printers cheap and kill them with the recurring cost of ink . Here , its the recurring cost of the carafes .
 The carafe leaks if you pour too fast . It is fragile . Ours broken after only a couple months and was handled with care . I 'll never buy this again even it 's free .
 Unfortunately the item I purchased was for a newer model of Braun coffeemaker . As a result it was wider and shorter , thus unable to activate the release to let brewed coffee flow into the missized carafe .
 The quality of this Braun replacement appears to be fine . However , it DOES NOT work with the Braun KFK10 product that I have . Is there some other designation that could be added so that one understands that it is NOT universal , does not fit all KFK10 models
 My daughter bought a Cuisinart ice cream maker and liked it . She talked us into getting one so we found the ICE-40 Flavor Duo and ordered it . We followed the directions exactly on freezing the tubs and ingredients . The first time , we got a very soupy mixture , much like a thin milk shake . The second time we tried a different recipe -LRB- from Ben and Jerry 's book -RRB- and again got one side partially frozen and the other side a soupy mess . How disappointing after spending so much on the ingredients and looking forward to homemade ice cream . I sent it back today and ended up spending $ 28 on shipping -LRB- 2 ways -RRB- for a product I ca n't use . I do n't know what the problem was , but `` No , thanks . I do n't want another one . ''
 Usually i scream for ice cream , but this time i screamed at the ice cream maker.I read the reviews before ordering and noted the preparation needed for ice cream like results . I was fine with the additional prep steps , but i never saw anything like ice cream . All i got was liquidy mush . It never froze in the tubs . The frozen tubs lost there cold tempature after 25-30 minutes of use . At this point you would have to refreeze the containers for at least another 6 hours . Even using both tubs for one batch did not work . I had to put the unfrozen batch in the freezer over night and still no ice cream . The mixture froze into ice crystals . I do n't need a machine for results like this . Very dissatisfied . This machine is a waist of time with poor results.I grew up eating freahly made ice cream from an automatic ice and salt machine and loved it ! I 'm returning this product for a cheaper old style bucket kind of ice cream maker . i wish the duo icream maker really worked like it advertizes.I do n't know how this machine is a 5 star product . It makes me wonder if the company employee 's are not paid to make up selling reviews ?? TERRIBLE WAIST OF TIME AND RESULTS !!!!!!
 I recently purchased 3 of these containers . I gave it two stars only because I know that glass is much better forstoring food and drink than plastic . However , I purchased these because of the air tight lids but the lids were junk . Two fell apart right away . One I managed to put back together but the lids would not hold their seal . Save your money . The time and effort it would take to send these back is not worth it .
 If you put a `` juicer '' in your cart , Amazon will suggest that you also buy this pitcher . If you buy this Pitcher with other items eligible for free shipping , pay close attention . Amazon will sneak in a $ 7.99 shipping charge that is not eliminated from your final costs.At Amazon 's $ 7.95 price , the pitcher is OK . With the shipping cost snuck in , at a total Amazon cost of $ 15.94 , the pitcher is grossly over-priced . Potential buyers beware .
 Realize that you ca n't put a spoon in this to stir anything , and it 's basically the size of a large cup . I realize that it 's my mistake that I do n't know what 1.25 qts is , but when I got this it was so skinny that I could n't believe it was real . Also , you ca n't even put your fingers between the handle and the pitcher , they 're too tight . I gave mine away .
 this was a gift for my daughter-in-law and I have not heard back yet , on what she thought about it ...
 my braun multimixer lost its steam after a little more than a year of regular use . it does not have the torque to compete with other brands and stalls when mixing thick items like banana bread , especially when you add the bananas . avoid it .
 Worked well for abour a year and quit . This model is not recommended because of price and length of useful life . Bought a more powerfull hand blender Cuisinart with several attachments that is very powerful and works great .
 I am surprised by the only positive reviews of this item . I 've tried mine exactly twice - once in a soup , once for applesauce , and both times , I got exactly nowhere . Maybe I have a dysfunctional one . But I am on the hunt for a different model for sure .
 Great item . Loved it , until ... Tiny metal washers broke in half and fell into my milkshake and cut my mouth . Contacted the company , who said &#34; sorry , out of warrantee &#34; . Did n't realize there was a warranty period on caring about customer safety . Thank goodness it was n't a broken blade on my Cuisinart food processor that slit my throat , guess that would n't matter much either if it was &#34; out of warrantee &#34; . SHAME ON YOU CUISINART/CONAIR !!!
 Like others , I found that this heater turns itself off frequently and wo n't come back on for 10 or more minutes , no matter what you do . When it 's on , it 's fine , but it does not stay on long enough at a time to keep the room warm . I 'm returning it .
 It sure was a bargain , but it does not work as it should . The on/off switch does not turn off when trying to turn it off , so I have to yank the plug off the wall in order to turn it off.I guess you get what you pay for -LRB- price was $ 14.99 + tax -RRB- . I should have bought something a little more expensive , but working correctly . I do not want to spend money to return the item to get a refund , so I 'm just gon na have to keep it.I would not recommend anyone to buy this item . I first thought it was made in China like all cheap stuff , but to my surprise it was made in ` Canada ' !
 I bought two of these heaters , and they have barely been used for 2 months , on one of them the thermostat does not work anymore . The fan just runs and runs , and on another , it is very loud with metallic sounds . . which can become quiet annoying . Their warranty is not worth having since you have to get it to their warranty station and if you do n't live near one , you are screwed.I would go ahead and spend more for a better unit . .
 Not only does it have a very strong plastic odor that is overwhelming but it does not put out much heat at all . It barely blows out and I have to be inches from it to feel any heat what-so-ever . I would send it back but I really dont want to bother with all that . I would choose another heater for sure .
 I had to return this item because it shut off way too quickly and did n't turn back on quick enough -LRB- i.e. , was n't doing what it was supposed -RRB- . Listen to the other reviewers and get a better item !
 i do n't write reviews , either i forget or i 'm happy so it 's not important . however , this mistake i can not forget . i figured for fifteen bucks i 'd just buy two and heat different rooms on the cheap . these two little bastids cost more to run in the winter than my 10,000 btu air conditioner in the summer . on top of that , they do n't heat . i do n't know why , coils get red , fan occasionally spins , but i 'm still layering sweatshirts and socks to keep warm . not to mention they feel cheap , have no shut-off switch , and thermostat control -LRB- ! -RRB- is worthless . i can not stress enough , do not buy this . buy any other heater . buy a nice robe . get a dog from the shelter . get married . anything else in the long run will be cheaper and more satisfying than this stupid little piece o ' junk .
 I read the reviews and took a chance . I only used it twice and it no longer works . It shut off during the first use and would not come back on no matter what I tried but the power light was still on . Then after letting it cool and tipped upside down to see where it was made -LRB- Puerto Rico ? -RRB- , it began working again . I took a shower and when I got out , it was off again . This time the power LED light was off . Now the unit will not even power on at all.Next , the manual did not match the dials on the unit . I had to turn the dial to the `` fan '' mode to get it to blow harder and blow hot air . I think this unit was assembled very poorly.Last , it really did not heat up my bathroom like I thought . I could only feel it if I was a few feet in front but if I walked more than that away , I was immediately cold again.So disappointed and just threw away 15 bucks . I 'm not even going to waste my time with the company over that amount . Lesson learned . Do n't buy that cheap and I would stay away from this brand .
 like everyone else said , this heater constantly shuts off and wo n't turn back on for a good 10 min . it 's a piece of crap , do NOT waste your money .
 The hot air is from the fan , but the hot air goes off all the time , and it becomes cold again once the hot air is away . I put it near my feet , but it can even hardly keep my feet warm ... : -LRB-
 Bought this 'cause of all the good reviews . After owning it , I 've returned to look at all the bad reviews and have to agree . The heater shuts off after only a few minutes on time . I have to turn both knobs to their lowest settings and back up again to get it to turn back on . All the while the red `` On '' lite remains on . Ca n't recomend this for anyone trying to add heat to a cold room .
 Update 1/23/2011 : ============ I was so happy with the previous purchase that I purchased 1 more for our home and 1 for my parents . The unit I gave to my parents sounded horrible out of the box , it made this loud noise -LRB- clank clank clank -RRB- . Unit I kept for our home started making the same noise after 1 month . It sounds like either the fan inside is coming loose on these newer units or they are using cheaper grade bearings . Sad to see the product changed in quality or maybe I just got lucky the first time around -LRB- couple of years ago -RRB- ============ I bought one about a year ago without reading the dimensions and simply basing it on the price . Once i received the product i laughed and told myself `` well at least i only paid $ 15 for it '' , wow was i wrong ! this thing heats up a 10x10 room within 30min . Bought a second one 3 weeks after for another room and both are still working with no issues . If you need to heat up a large open room or expect this to replace central heat , keep looking . I read a few reviews complaining about the unit turning off on its own , its a feature when the fan setting is set anywhere between 1-5 where it senses the room temp and shuts off and back on when needed . To have it on non-stop just move it to fan setting 6 .
 Title says it all really . I purchased 4 of these for different rooms . 1 died in like 2 weeks . the others limped along for a few more months with the fans intermittently working .
 I bought one of the little Holmes heaters at my mother 's house and it worked like a charm , I foolishly purchased this one even though I have not had great luck with DeLonghi products because it got such good review . I am tossing it because I already threw away the box and it 's not worth returning ... it shuts on and off at random , and not for very long , and barely blows -- though I admit I have crummy electric service ... but in general it 's just annoying and not worth the $ 15 .
 This is small and inexpensive and it 's lasted -LRB- sort of -RRB- for 2 years , and those are its only virtues . I 've been unhappy with this thing since I bought it . There are only 3 temperature settings -LRB- off/1/2 -RRB- , so the user has very little control over the temperature . Supposedly there are 6 levels/settings for the fan , but they 've never worked for me ; I only get OFF and ON . The thermostat is automated and very flaky . It can be below 60 in my office , and the heating element wo n't trigger . My office thermostat reads 61 right now -LRB- I 'm freezing ! -RRB- and I can not get it to click on . These are not new problems ; I 've experienced them since I bought it 2 years ago . I 'm going to replace it with a different brand/model that allows the user to control the temperature and fan setting .
 I bought two of this fan heaters , at the beginning they were working great , but a month later one died , would n't even work as a fan , and the other , after six months , I can only set it to run in low power , since in high turns itself off after two minutes , very disappointed , I 'd go for something a little bit more expensive but long-lasting .
 This heats up a small room really quickly , but I would advise that it be the only thing on a circuit breaker in an older house . It constantly flipped my breakers , so is n't of any use to me . I 'm returning the product .
 I bought this product late 2008 for office where the temperature is too low for me . I like it ... when it 's working . Some days the heater just would n't work . I would unplug it for half an hour then plug it back again . Sometimes that resolves the problem but most times it does n't . Also , it does n't have a switch to turn it off so it must be unplugged after use for safety reason .
 I purchased this space heater September 10,2008 and it has already died ! It was good while it lasted , but it checked out a few weeks ago just shy of my having it a year . I will definitely be trying a different brand this time .
 We bout this heater for our bathroom to heat it upwhen we are taking showers . the problem is it turns off from over heating or it hits its thermistate before you are half way done with your shower so when you get out it is still cold
 I rarely return items but this one goes back.The plus
 DeLonghi DFH132 SafeHeat Fan HeaterThis heater didnot work , it was defective I 'm wondering if it had been returned and Amazon put it back in stock and filled another order with it . This is the second heater I purchased from Amazon that was defective . The first one was a Soleus radiant heater , it caught on fire after being use about 3 months . I have a small heater I bought from Target 2 yrs ago for $ 7.50 , it works just fine . I 'm disabled and needed a good heater to keep near my chair . I am not buying anymore heaters from Amazon I think they may be getting defective merchandise from suppliers . In fact I will limit my shopping from Amazon from now on . It is just too much trouble to deal with sending things back and waiting for their customerservice to get a refund . I gave it one star only because it looks good !!
 This is the simplest space heater I 've ever owned or maybe seen . I 'm not sure when I turn it on what I 'm temp . I 'm turning it on for . It heats a very small area . It works , but minimally .
 worked great for the first couple weeks , was very quiet and heated well . It may just be the unit i received , but just recently i turned it on and the fan is rattling to the point where it is annoying to even have on . the unit has never been knocked over or even moved for that matter , so I dont understand whats goin on exactly , but i would consider it a manufacturing flaw that just presented itself . i would return it for an exchange but the time it 'd take for me to ship it back isnt worth the 15 dollar price tag . if it wasnt for this i 'd give it 5 stars , but I would go for a more quality unit that is less likely to have problems a few months down the road .
 I 'm a review reader and had second thoughts before buying this heater . A lot of the reviews said the heater was n't very strong and the knobs were n't clearly marked . I figured people were just trying to use it to heat a large room and maybe did n't read the directions about the control knobs . I was wrong !! We have a very small bathroom and this heater does not warm it up . If you stand within 2 feet of it , you can feel heat otherwise it 's worthless . I set it so that it will keep the room as warm as possible and the heater still shuts off after just a few minutes . The controls are very poorly marked and the directions could be clearer . If you are looking for something to place at your feet and keep them warm , then this is a good value . If you want something to warm a small room , I would suggest looking at another product .
 This heater shuts off and on . It is in the `` off '' mode for longer span of time than in the `` on '' mode . Would have preferred knowing this since I wanted continuous heat . It was not cost effective to ship back .
 The heater works for 1 minute , and just stops . There 's probably something wrong with the thermostat . So it 's completely useless . So I bought a different fan heater , and the new one is terrific -LRB- Lasko 5367 16-1/2 - Inch Oscillating Ceramic Tower Heater -RRB- .
 Stopped working three minutes out of the box . Light stayed on , unit did no heat , fan did not work . If you do n't mind buying a hit-or-miss item , go for it . There are too many products out there with solid reviews that DO NOT READ broken out of the box or quit working almost immediately . Why waste your time or take chances for a few extra bucks , that 's what I did and I regret it . Ended up buying an Optimus ceramic heater on another recommendation and it works great . This one does not make the mark .
 This heater is small , that 's about all it has going for it.I do n't understand many of the positive reviews.This heater shuts off every 5 minutes ! It is still cold , yet it shuts off!It can almost make a cold room of 10x10 bearable ... almost.And , it is not really that quiet when operating.Again , the worst part is that it shuts off every 5 minutes when it is still cold.My advice would be to stay away from this product and get something else .
 This is the second heater that I have purchased from DeLonghi for use in my office . I never had a problem with the first one . Unfortunately , my second unit stopped working within the first week , and I will be replacing it with another brand .
 I have had this heater about a year . After a few months it no longer turned off by the switch . I have to unplug it , which is a good idea and no big deal . Now , a few months later , it is running all the time regardless of the setting . Today it has a burning smell so I 'm getting rid of it .
 My husband thought the reviews on this product were excellent but I 'm not sure how . It is nice and small but the fan has no power to push the heat anywhere . This one is going back .
 this item is either the wrong heater or the price is wrong ... most paid under $ 20.00 and it 's now listed for 59.99 . I ordered it thinking I was ordering a different unit and now ca n't cancel the order . I 'll be better off paying the postage shipping it back and getting a refund and buying it somewhere else for the 60.00 I 've been charged ...
 does not work as well as previous one I owned -LRB- exactly alike -RRB- . I have started using my old one and put the new one away as backup .
 This heater is not worth the money because it only heats for about 5 minutes and shuts off , no matter how cold the room is . It then will restart after about 15 to 20 minutes .
 This product 's safety feature is overly safe and you ca n't even warm your feet properly but what it 's kicking off ... and it takes forever for the sensor to cool to the point where it will kick back on . Not even worth $ 20 , let alone this price tag . It certainly is quiet though ... mostly because it hardly ever kicks on .
 It would seem the safety switch in this is just a little too sensitive to heat . I know they say not for bathroom use , but we put it well away from where it could get water on it . It will shut off in 5 minutes or less just about the time restroom is starting to get warm enuf to hop in the shower . End up having to turn furnace up and heat the whole house , which is a waste of heat as we are both leaving within the half hour . The bathroom and bedroom are 5 feet apart , use a radiator type heater in the bedroom at night , which does very well to keep the chill out of the bedroom .
 This little space heater was good while it lasted . It warmed up my little bathroom in the spring . It was n't hot to the touch so it lived up to it 's name
 It shut off way too quickly and did n't turn back on quick enough.And it broke/didn ' t work after nominal use of 10-15 times only .
 I do n't think I 've ever purchased an item that is so totally useless . The heat it puts out is anemic on both settings , and the fan would not blow out a candle . The only way to get warm with this thing would be to put it on your lap and wrap a blanket around you . The worst thing is that the controls are terrible , and the light stays on no matter whether it is running or not , which I guess is good as there is no ` off ' position . The only way to make sure it 's off is to unplug it .
 Something I really never gave much thought to before this heater , but the worst controls ever ! Really hard to see anything - fan speed or heat setting . Dials are same colour plastic -LRB- not like picture -RRB- with small embossed/partially obscured numbers -LRB- or some symbol ??? -RRB- . I give it a 2/5 only because it is a quiet fan with a stable base.I 'm curious who approves a product like this at DeLonghi ?
 It took a while to take this out of the box so the initial return time had come and gone . When I plugged this in , it had a weird plastic , burnt smell . I guess that 's not unusual when heaters are new , but after about an hour it started smoking , badly . This was purchased for an elderly person and I just did n't want to mess with it , so we unplugged it and threw it away .
 I bought two of these to heat my studio apartment in the winter . I found out space heaters are NOT an efficient way to heat a room unless it is really a very tiny room because these heaters only radiate heat about 11/2 feet from where the heater is placed . I kept it right next to my sofa when I was sitting on it - or right next to my bed when I was sleeping . The first month I used it on a regular basis - my electricity bill tripled in cost.It is OK if you are sitting at a desk and only need heat in your immediate area for one foot , but do n't use it to try to heat a room - waste of energy and an inefficient way to heat a roomAnother waste of energy is that even when you turn the dial to the OFF setting - it is still using electricity because a light stays on . Now why do you need an organge light when something is turned off ? I think that over one months time that little suckage of wasted electricity contributed to my tripled electric bill.I live in California and it does n't get colder than around 55 degrees in the winter so this is a puny space heater . In terms of durability and sturdyness it is well constructed and will probably last for many years - but in terms of how much heat it actually radiates it is n't very much.I called my utility company and they told me it is far cheaper just to turn on the wall heater to heat up my studio apartment instead of using a space heater - foolish me , I thought I was actually going to `` save '' money on heat using a space heater - it backfired and wound up tripling my energy bill . I went back to using the wall heater and my electric bill went down by $ 12 last month in the winter .
 Fine for what it is , but this thing uses a massive amount of electricity . Your electricity bill will double if you use it consistently . That being said , its automatic shutoff feature is a plus . It smells often . It sparks internally sometimes . It achieves levels of power like a microwave - by interspersing time `` on '' with time `` off . '' Sometimes I wish it would stay on for a bit longer when it 's supposed to be on high . But leave it on for long enough and it will heat even a fairly spacious room.It 's useful for those times when your primary heat stops working or you need a little something extra , but I 'm cautioning you about the extent to which this thing sucks up the juice .
 I bought this heater from Amazon in January 2008 for $ 14.95 . How can it possibly be $ 79.99 now ? It does n't work very well and shuts off continuously . It is worth $ 14.95 , but certainly not $ 79.99 .
 I wanted something to put under my desk at home since I 'm on the computer a lot . This heater blows out warm air right away , but turns off for no apparent reason , is difficult to figure out and lacks a lot of features.There are two dials on it that are impossible to read without picking it up and looking at it closely . There is no ability to move the direction of the air to blow up or down , left or right . It just blows one direction . Also , it seems to use up a lot of electricity and has caused me to run outside to the circuit box several times . It shuts off whenever it wants to ... even if it 's still very cold under my desk ! There is no way to make it start up again until it wants to.I wish I knew these things before I bought it , because I would n't have . There are better space heaters out there in this price range .
 I read the reviews before I bought this heater , not that $ 15 were a major risk , but still wanted something efficient . Well , it is not . I wish I spent a little more money and got something that I actually can feel when under my desk ... But it is true , it is very quiet , it is just very hard to feel the heat .
 Mine had a very loud rattle -LRB- Maybe it was defective . -RRB- In addition the control dials are not well marked and a bit difficult to turn .
 I bought a DeLonghi heater 3 years ago , only used it for a few months out of the year , and it died ! Cheap junk !!
 This space heater was not of the quality I was hoping for . The fan is out of balance so it makes a lot of noise when it is on and shakes the floor . Also the Lo setting is worthless , not hot at all . The Hi setting is better but still not as hot as I would expect . This product is made in China
 First unit shipped did n't work . Amazon was awesome in dealing with the replacement.Good news I can share is that you can sit this little guy in your lap and wo n't get burned , on the other hand that 's the only way you 'll get warm . Placing the heater directly at my feet , under a desk , was fairly worthless . That was all I hoped for in a cheap and dimunitive space heater , but my expectations were apparently set too high.My advice
 I purchased this fan in late December . It broke after one month of infrequent use .
 This unit is poorly made . The product hype says quiet operation , it is not ... The fan is very noisy.We bought this unit to warm a section of our porch and we wanted the white color to match the porch decor . Well , the unit is white but the cord is black . Why would the manufacturer do that?The controls are cheaply made and not very exact ... and the unit can not be turned off entirely without unplugging it.It heats fairly well ... but I strongly suggest you find another brand .
 This heater is very unnerving ; it shuts off every 10 minutes . I bought this heater for office use and am very disappointed with its performance . A co-worker/friend recommended it to me . We are now strictly co-workers .
 This was a great heater the first month when it was working . Warms and maintains a bedroom at a very comfortable temperature for the size . Unfortunately mine broke and the fan no longer spins . Good luck to you other people .
 What I do n't like about this heater/fan :1 - There is no off/on button.2-The red light stays on whenever the fan/heater is plugged in - so even when the heater is n't `` on '' it still has a bright red light that looks like it needs to be turned off , but there is no off button - you have to unplug it.3-The two dials on the top of the fan/heater are not marked well and are not intuitive .
 I was dissapointed that in the description it says the heater will turn off when tipped over . When I tipped it over it did not shut off . The instructions on the inside of the box said it will shut off if there is an obstruction infront of the heater or if it gets overheated . It also does not have a shut off and needs to be unpluged to fully shut it off . Other then that it seems to be a good heater and is quiet .
 The heater works well when it works . It fills medium and even larger rooms with nice warm air . The only problem with the heater is it turns off when it wants to . The settings do n't allow for continues running and when it turns off it does n't initially come back on . Over all its good for keeping small spaces warm in large spaces , ie office cubical , garage work space , or living room sofa . It does n't work well in small spaces like bathrooms , its auto off feature kicks in . Overall I will return the heater for a different model .
 Plenty of small sized heaters on the market that are better quality than this one . It 's a great size and I liked the controls for adjusting the temp and air flow but this unit stopped working after one season ! I live in CA -LRB- hardly low temps ! -RRB- and used it occasionally during last winter in my garage to keep my feet warm while doing the laundry . I would say it died with less than 40 hours of usage . Maybe I just had a lemon but I had all kinds of problems with it , including blowing circuits if it was plugged in and my daughter plugged in the hairdryer in another outlet on the same circuit . -LRB- My house is only 12 years old and no electrical problems . -RRB- Anyway , I would n't spend $ 5 on another one like this !
 I bought this product after reading some of these reviews , and I am sorry that I did n't buy a higher end model because I do n't like it . Here 's why : Pros - It heats up very quickly . In my small room I only used the low setting , usually at about a 3.-It 's quieter than my other fan , but it 's still loud to someone who likes to sleep with silence.Cons - The heater would n't even start up until I turned the dial to 3.-If I turned the dial anywhere past 3 it got way too hot in my room.-The auto shutoff on this totally sucked . It only shut itself off when it was exactly on the 3 line.-Speaking of lines , I followed another reviewer 's advise and used a Sharpie to draw a line where the numbers were because it was so hard to see them on the knob.-While the heater gets hotter the higher up you turn it , the fan mode does n't get any cooler . In fan mode everything from 3 - 6 was the same speed and really did n't help cool things off much.I 'm very disappointed in this product , as well as the other reviewers because Amazon reviews have never let me down before .
 I do not recommend this heater . It is quiet , but that reflects a weak fan resulting in poor airflow . The user manual is full of errors . For example , it states that the left knob has 4 settings ; fan , 2 , 1 and zero . In reality , it has 3 settings ; 2 , 1 and a little `` dot '' . User manual says that you turn the left knob to zero to turn off the heater . But there is no zero on the knob -- and you CAN NOT turn power off without unplugging the heater -LRB- or switching off current to the socket , if it 's a switch-controlled socket -RRB- . Pretty annoying to have to crawl around behind furniture every morning & night . Why not just leave it on ? Well , if the power remains on , the red light at the front is lit , and it is VERY bright in a dark room - hey , if you want a nightlight , buy this fire ! Also , I do n't much like the idea of leaving my house with a 1500 watt fire ready to turn itself on at any moment -LRB- if the temperature falls low enough -RRB- . And do n't even think about contacting DeLonghi customer service . They will just tell you that `` it is the correct user manual '' , despite my sending them photos of the fire to prove that the manual is choc-full of mistakes . Useless . I went to Target , bought a small `` Warm Fusion '' ceramic heater for $ 9.99 -LRB- on sale -RRB- - it is FAR superior - much warmer , and hey , you can turn the darn thing OFF !!
 I 've had this thing for a day now and ca n't get it to stay on for more than a minute or two . The only way I can get it to turn back on is to unplug it for a few minutes -LRB- as the directions suggest -RRB- , then plug it back in . Works great for another 2 minutes , then turns itself off again . Plus , what 's up with heaters that have no handle or off switch , like this one ? I 'm returning it .
 I purchased this heater to use under my desk at work . I read the reviews and most were good so I purchased this thing and I hate it ! It has an automatic shut-off and it is off more than it 's on . Just when I start to warm up the thing shuts off ! Ugh ! I should have spent a little more money , but I thought know one could really mess up a heater . WTF !
 I have another Delonghi heater that I love , but I bought this one new , and it does not work properly . It turns off when the room is n't warm yet even when I set it to the hottest thermostat setting . How annoying that I ca n't use it to warm the room because it turns off !!
 Fan goes on.Fan goes off.Fan goes on.Fan goes off.Meanwhile , you freeze.That is more or less a summary of how the unit works . There 's no way to `` force '' it to stay on , either , so if your SafeHeat Fan Heater does n't feel like cooperating with you you 're pretty much on your own with this thing.I 'd return it , but it only cost me $ 15 , so it 's not worth the effort .
 It keeps turning itself off before the room is warm . I have another DeLonghi about the same size that works just great , but I could n't find the same one so I purchased this one . It 's terrible !
 I purchased this heater and the `` safety '' feature does n't work . I guess you get what you pay for!The heater does work but there is no on/off switch so you have to unplug it from the wall to shut it off/turn it on . When you plug/unplug the unit , you can see an electrical `` spark '' . Not a very safe unit . And , will not be worth the time or effort to return since it was only 15 dollars . .
 I purchased this as a secondary heater to leave inside the bathroom.For the price , I guess it 's just ok . But for people who have n't purchased this yet , I 'd recommend paying a bit more . The heater is quiet and it is pretty safe -LRB- I tried tipping it over just to see , and it automatically shut off -RRB- . However , I do n't really feel a lot of heat and I 've had better heaters in the past . I have a Lakso remote-controlled heater and this is what I use in my bedroom every night . Much more expensive -LRB- around $ 40 + vs. $ 15 -RRB- but you get what you pay for . What I also do n't like is this does n't oscillate.Bottomline
 For 15 $ ... . this is all you can expect . The thermostat controls are a big mystery . Pay a extra 20 $ and get a decent one .
 Do n't be fooled by the low price , thinking you 'll get a good value . This is a very poorly made product . Mine did n't even last a week before it died , so I upgraded to a Vornado , which is VASTLY better .
 although i am very happy with my little Holmes heater , thought i would try something different for my second heater . seemed like a good idea at the time , from the description . unfortunately , when it shuts off at the `` right '' temperature , it does n't restart easily . it also does not get very warm . returned the product , and bought my second Holmes heater .
 Pros
 When I got this lil heater I expected it to dod a lil more then wht it did it only got warm not to hot , it just was not what I was looking for .
 I bought this item about three months ago for $ 19.00 . To my suprise , the heater did not work at all . I was not even going to waste more money sending it back to possibly get another defective heater . I 'll take my chances at Home Depot , or one of the better home supply stores .
 The quiet low volume fan moves air even more gently when extra line electricity is drawn on the high heat setting and in no time instead of a warmer bathroom the safety feature shuts down the entire unit . I checked -- this is not the thermostat , even fan only will not function . Obviously the weak fan allows the higher heat setting to warm the unit itself enough trigger the safety shut down . I think this is a design flaw not an actual safety hazard . I am about to return this to Amazon and have already purchased from Amazon the DeLonghi DCH1030 which is excellent . Both fans by the way aim the hot air up sufficiently to not heat at all the surface on which they are placed -- unlike a Holmes unit I used many years but placed on a hotplate for safety .
 fair price but product is cheap it stops when it 's over heated not when you are . i would sugest spending a little more .
 Well , here are my problems with this unit :1 -RRB- It barely works . I use it in a 12x14 foot bedroom . There are two settings , 1500 watts and 750 watts , and you have to have it on 1500 before it warms the room at all . At 750 , I can put my freezing hands in front of it and the air coming out of it feels slightly above lukewarm . If I leave it on for a half hour , it raises a closed 60 degree room to 62 . This has to be the most inefficient space heater on earth to produce such little heat with 750 watts of power . Literally every other ceramic heater ever made is better . You 'll spend much more on electricity over time than you save on the heater . There are much better heaters out there , please buy a different one instead - ANY one . You ca n't possibly do any worse .2 -RRB- There 's no off switch !!! I could n't believe this until I read the manual , and sure enough - if you want to turn it off you have to unplug it . Ridiculous ! 3 -RRB- It 's ugly as sin - it looks like some kind of avant garde sliced egg .
 this heater is too small and cant even useful for small rooms , it can only be used as personal heater
 I was all excited to get this heater and have a nice warm bathroom when I showered . However , I unpacked it , plugged it in , and the fan would n't work . The heating element worked but the fan would n't turn . I wo n't be getting another one of this brand . It 's the first time ever that I have received something broken from Amazon .
 I bought this heater to use under my desk at work . It constantly shuts off and will not come back on again until the unit cools back down ; meanwhile I freeze my butt off . It 's useless , except for about the 10 minutes at a time that it works .
 This fan shuts off quickly and it would not turn back on . I can not understand such a useless item can be sold on Amazon . I called the manufacture for replacement but was refused . Do not waste your money to buy any products from this company .
 I 've had this product for about a year now and I would have to say I wish I had spent my money on a tradional toaster oven instead . The toaster part cooks the toast the same no matter where I set the adjustable lever , and the top brown only part only warms/browns half of whatever I put in there . It ended up being a disappointment that sits on my counter as a daily reminder .
 Great idea if it had a door to keep the heat in . Do n't buy this , it takes forever to heat up a simple slice of pizza .
 It toasts unevenly in the vertical or horizontal position . Forget about reheating a slice of pizza . The horizontal postion is the worst . The hot air escapes because there is no door .
 This is worthless . You need a tire pump to blow it up . I called ConAir with my complaint and they will not refund my money - just give me a letter of credit . I think this sucks.Lousy customer service . Diane Sardeson
 there has been a mistake , I ordered the steam spray and dry travel iron , and had to return it . I returned it because it did not get the wrinkle out plus one had to allways press a button to even get the steam going . Which was not what I was looking for . I wanted an iron that you could iron clothes while they were hanging . That is not what it did . PLUS I CALLED FOR INFO TO RETURN IT AND THE LADY SENT ME ANOTHER GARMENT STEAMER THAT I DO NOT WANT EITHER , AND WOULD LIKE TO RETURN IF I MAY AND GET MY MONEY G.BACK THANKS ! ARTHUE ROSS 833 30TH ST. NW MASSILLON , OHIO 44647 AND SEEING AS I DID NOT ASK FOR THE GARMENT STEAMER IN THE FIRST PLACE I WILL NOT PAY FOR IT TO BE RETURNED , AND HOPE THAT I RECIEVE A MAILER TO RETURN IT THAT WILL NOT COST ME ANYTHIN
 The outside rod screws in from the bottom , and it is a peice of sheet metal . It does not feel very substantial . I gave it 2 stars , because it is shiny.The screws get wobbly after some use , and you will look like an idiot for buying it . I used it on a job site rest room , and the crew thought it was tacky . I did not bring it home after the job was completed.It might look nice in a mobile home at Eatonville 's River Bend Trailer Park . It is shiny .
 Granted this is a travel steamer but I honestly do not have the time to wait for this to actually produce and then when it finally does , steam my clothes with the weak steam that it does produce . Better travel steamers out there .
 Do n't understand previous review . It was quick to heat up but only produced a very small amount of steam . You had to HOLD IT IN ONE SPOT for it to actually do anything , which was very little . Would still be here till the next ice age getting out wrinkles . TOTALLY USELESS .
 Bought this to take on my trip to the island for I was getting married and wanted it to take out any wrinkles on my wedding dres ... tried it at home first , good thing , for it did n't take the wrinkles out at all . Ended up just hanging the gown in the bathroom with the shower on and the steam from that worked great ... I would not recommend this project .
 I tried this product rot the first time on a silk dress . This is a relatively easy product to steam with a powerful , standard size steamer . It took forever to get out one prominent crease that the dress acquired in transit from the store to my house . The word `` pro '' should not be in the product description at all.On the plus size , it is very tiny , and will fit easily in a carry-on bag . It takes up the space of like two pairs of socks .
 This iron does n't get the job done.I have a very old original Franzus steam travel iron , that 's almost 30 years old . It still gets the job done!Purchased this one , thinking it would be just as good . It 's not Franzus . It 's actually manufactured by Conair now.It does n't get the job done .
 The unit does eventually steam but it did n't take out the wrinkles until I had a full reservoir and spent a long long time removing wrinkles . After the garmnent cooled I could still see some of the wrinkles . I believe it will work but only after spending a lengthy time working on them .
 I 've used this steamer about 20 times now . It removes wrinkles but only after firmly tugging on the garment while steaming and repeatedly running the steamer over the same area . Also it drips water on garments and offers continous steam for about 5-7 minutes due to its compact size . Although , it still beats ironing for small jobs .
 This steamer leaks hot water on your hands while steaming garments ... it has a warning to keep it horizontal but that 's almost impossible to do . Not great steam output , but better than nothing , though not much .
 Though this is an attractive basket , it will not stay together . It claims to be able to hold up to ten pounds , but mine has broken with only a few tomatoes in it . The first time it broke , a link on the chain had come open . I fixed the link and re-hung the basket . That happened twice more and I fixed it the same way.If it stayed together it would be very functional.I 'm going to go to the hardware store and see if I can find any chain that will fit it . If that does n't work , it 's going in the trash .
 Broke the first time I used it ... Too bad . . Not made well ... I only put a couple of lbs of fruit .
 I only paid $ 13 for this hanging wire fruit basket . It does the job that it was made for but is very cheap and plain .
 I am in the process of returning my Assistent mixer . With different batches of somewhat stiff dough , this mixer just has not worked as expected . No matter what attachment you use -LRB- dough hook or roller -RRB- , the dough gets stuck and is not being mixed at all . For comparison , we mixed dough at the same time with a planetary mixer -LRB- KitchenAid 610 -RRB- . While the KA had the dough nicely kneaded after 4 or 5 minutes , the Electrolux had the dough stuck on the kneading hook while the bowl was happily spinning underneath the dough.I can see this mixer doing well with batter and moist doughs , but if you bake whole wheat and rye breads , as I do , do n't waste your money .
 I really wanted to love this mixer . It has a lot of things going for it with a powerful yet quiet motor , large bowl , solid construction , timer , attachments , and a three year warranty , but it does n't knead dough!Let me start from the begining . I love to make bread and am a perfectionist about it . I started out with 4.5 quart Kitchenaid model . It lasted three years and needed one $ 80 repair . I then bought the 5 qt model , the motor burnt out in two months . It was still under warranty , so a new one was sent to me . The next one lasted almost three months and the motor burned out . Another new one was sent and it lasted 9 months , then needed an $ 80 repair , three months later it needed a $ 30 repair . I was n't abusing the machines , just using them for bread dough . By this point I decided to get away from Kitchenaid and find a better mixer.The next logical choice is a Bosch . I read negative reviews about this and talked to people . It sounded like it works great , but with heavy use it wo n't last more than ten years . All the other home use machines that I came across seemed weak as well . I started looking into commercial mixers , which was very frustrating because there are of course no consumer reviews on them . I found a few on ebay and called about some . One sales rep told me to stay away from one I was looking at because it could n't handle dough . I was a amazed that $ 1000 + dollar mixer could not handle dough . What is it good for ? whipping cream ? My $ 10 hand mixer can do that.Then I came across the Electrolux Assistent or Magic Mill and I thought my problem was going to be solved . It got amazing reviews as a dough mixer , and people seemed to love it . I also read that it was hard to get used to , but I was sure I could figure it out . I tried , and tried , and tried , but could not get it to knead the dough properly . Most of the time it stayed in the middle while the bowl spun around it . I changed the lever position , tried the roller , tried without the scraper , but could not get it to work . After 12 minutes the dough was n't properly kneaded , the temperature wrong , and the dough was a bit dried out . Needless to say , the loaves did n't have a proper rise , and ended up quite dense . After three weeks and I do n't know how many failed loaves I returned it . I had a 30 day money back guarantee , thank goodness!I should add that it did work well for really sticky doughs , like rolls or ciabatta , but for anything else , it was awful!I went back to commercial mixer research and called a local chain bakery . I bought an 8 qt Globe which they have had sucess with . I hope this will be the end of the mixer trauma !
 I 'm very unhappy with this coffeemaker , the coffee is lukewarm and the brewing time is very long . I have e-mailed the maker this a.m. with my concerns .
 My husband and I received this as a wedding gift , and after a year -LRB- we used it about 10 times as we do n't drink a lot of coffee -RRB- , the latch that holds the area for the coffee grounds closed broke . It wo n't stay closed for anything and there is no way to fix it . I 'm very disappointed .
 After two years , the plastic tab that locks in the filter basket broke , requiring tape or a rubber band to keep the filter basket in place . 6 months later , the small dome on the plastic lid broke , preventing the coffee from leaving the filter basket , so coffee and grounds overflow all over the counter . This coffee maker is classic `` made in China '' shoddiness .
 I am not suggesting this coffee maker . I had it for a few months and it is falling apart ! Lights are not working any more , heat is not enough and ...
 I never cease to be amazed that the people who design these things must never actually try to use them . The water fill area is tiny and the rearward flipping lid blocks your access to pour the water so you will always have a spill . The carafe does not pour without dripping down the side , and you need to partially unscrew the lid to get the coffee out , but there are no visual markers to let you know how much to unscrew the lid . The filter basket lifts out but will not stand up on its own so you have to spoon the coffee into the machine . Awful device .
 Sadly , this product does n't live up to it 's good looks . The programmable timer does n't work properly and if you leave water in it to be programmed to brew the next day , over half the water leaks out onto the counter . If you make coffee right away without the timer , it does make great coffee .
 The plastic lid that controls the drip stop feature is very flimsy and I have had 2 break on me and I have been extremely careful with it . It will not hold up to normal use , and without it the coffemaker will not brew . A new carafe costs $ 20.00 -LRB- you ca n't just buy a new lid -RRB- and you would be better off to buy another brand of coffeemaker !
 This was my first programmable coffee maker , and I 'm now shopping for a new one.The coffee was good.The thermal carafe is a pain to clean . The rubber seals do n't seal perfectly , so coffee got in between the platic surrounding and the thermal interior carafe . I had to disassemble the whole thing every week or so . The coffee that built up inside caused a lot of drips.The programming was easy to do , but the whole thing stopped working yesterday . The timer went blank and I could not get it to brew . This was after about 9 months of intermittent use .
 Door hinge squeaks ; lubrication ineffective . Door does n't close fully unless I jiggle it . Door handle loose ; no way to tighten it . Toasts unevenly . Lower heating elements became increasingly crooked over time ; both finally quit working at all . But all that is minor . Toaster does n't shut itself off and I consider it an extreme fire hazard.Please note that I am not a timid housewife who 's afraid to change a light bulb , I am a mechanical engineer . This is the worst product we 've bought in ten years .
 This item is not shipped as depicted in the pciture/described in the description.Spin Duster
 Other reviewers are absolutely not kidding that the design of this product is great , but that the adhesive used for the labels is a frustrating misstep . For a company that prides itself on ergonomics , this is more than just a minor annoyance ; it 's a significant screw-up . I was aware of these reviews when I purchased , but I figured that the difficulty was overblown and a lifetime of great design would easily offset a few extra minutes of elbow grease . I was wrong . Spending that much time and various cleaning fluids to ready the product for its first use is really unforgivable . Worse yet , the residue is inside the cup , calling into doubt whether it 's a good idea to let food products come into contact with the interior until all of the adhesive has been defeated.I simply can not recommend this product to others until Oxo fixes this . This is the first time I have been less than 100 % satisfied with an Oxo design .
 This product arrives with three large stickers from the manufacturer that are impossible to remove . They will not soak off because the stickers are plastic and they must have been stuck on with same glue that states use on license plate tabs . This glue is permanent . This product is unusable . I would not recommend it .
 I received 2 cases of the mugs from two different vendors . One was supposed to be 16 oz and was in a larger box . I threw one of the shipping boxes away and kept the smaller one inside , so I had one unopened . Was n't to impressed with the mugs , but figured I coudld probably etch them . Bought some etching cream and opened the other box . Both were 12 oz . So this vendor shipped me 12 oz instead of 16 oz and the way they were packed it could have been on purpose.My fault ; should have opened immediately and checked or else bought the different sizes from the same vendor .
 I thought the description `` raw beeswax '' referred to the ingredients of the candle . It does not . Raw beeswax is the color of the candles . My daughter has severe allergies , so I can only use real beeswax candles in the house . Amazon was really great about returning the product . However , I think the description should clarify that `` raw beeswax '' refers only to the color and not that the candle is made from beeswax .
 Bought some of these candles thinking they were beeswax candles and they are NOT BEESWAX ! Raw beeswax is the color of these candles , seems like a cheap trick to fool us . BEWARE ! They are well made petro-based candles , but not really beeswax .
 Save your money and buy towels of this quality at Wal-Mart . How someone found these towels to be of quality is beyond me
 There is not a star low enough for these towels . They are incredibly cheap with rows of pulled fabric , or missing rows of loops . I was extremely disappointed and promptly called for a refund . I have purchased many , many items over the years from Amazon and have been pleased with my purchases . These are a bust and should be sent back to where they came from . Yuck , yuck , yuck .
 I was not thrilled with the advertising on this one that claimed it was a luxury towel set with a $ 49.95 value . The set came in a plastic bag and the quality of the towels were very low average . I was not impressed and wish I had not bought so many .
 These towels are are pathetic - they arrived with a damp , moldy smell , then I washed them and although the smell was mostly gone , they came out frayed and practically transparent . I 'm not sure how a towel can be NOT absorbent , but they 're not ! Saving the money is not worth it -- unless you 're looking for guest towels for guests you want to get rid of .
 These towels are very poor quality ! I guess I can use them to dry off my dogs . If you really want cheap almost see through towels these are the ones for you !
 I got deceived by the original price of this set of towels and the discount given.Qualitatively , so not good product .
 I do not recommend anyone to buy this for personal use.The towel set is the thinnest that you can ever imagine . This is not a quality jacquard thick Brazilian towels that you 'll find in the store . This is only good for wiping or dusting the house not for personal use .
 Towels are supposed to be absorbent , these swoosh the water across your body ... Not good towels , pretty , yes - just for `` show '' though .
 I have purchased hundreds of items from Amazon and this is the first that I am truly disappointed with . Quality extremely poor , I washed these towels as soon as they arrived to use for guests ... . out of one wash/one dry cycle the edges are frayed , hems came out , pulls and lint/pilling and clumps of fuzz ... . all over the towels and when I took them out of the washer/dryer all over the laundry room ... this will be one of the first items I have ever returned ~ !
 I will end up using them as rags to clean around the house . They are of very very poor/cheap quality , the design does n't look crisp as in the picture but is more diffused , very thin for a towel . I wouldnt buy the set even for $ 10 if I saw them at a store .
 This should NOT be called towel , It is plastic , It will not even soak a drop of water , forget about drying yourself with it.I will not even use it to wash car as it id anything but soft . Do n't Buy
 I bought 3 sets to avail of the free shipping . It has now come back to bite me - I will now have to pay $ 20 shipping both ways to return this $ 30 order . I might as well use it as a floor mat . It 's definitely not for the body !
 Then these are for you . After one washing , towels are frayed and have ` runs ' / lines in them already from missing threads in the center.Wife claims `` I had to try myself with the towel , then go over it again to get the lint the towel left behind ' . If you NEED cheap towels , then these are for you . If you can splurge a little , get something better .
 Ugly and Cheap looking Wife hated them now using as rags to wash the car
 quality is too low ... fabric is very cheap ... missing rows ... never used them and sent back ... i got it for 15 dollars but now they are selling it even cheaper but i wont take them even for free ...
 These towels are ... terrible . The least expensive junk towels at Walmart are certainly of higher quality . The towels were falling apart as soon as they were taken out of the box and after ONE delicate wash they are unraveling everywhere .
 I was not thrilled with the advertising on this one that claimed it was a luxury towel set with a $ 49.95 value . The set came in a plastic bag and the quality of the towels were very low average . I was not impressed and wish I had not bought so many .
 After the frustrations from the delivery company `` OnTrac '' I finally received my package but when I opened the box - as I had feared -LRB- because the product was n't properly packaged with protection , it was BROKEN !!!! This has been a HORRIBLE experience . All I wanted was a simple marble paper towel holder and I had to go through all kinds of frustrations from the delivery company and then ended up with a BROKEN item !!!!!!!!!!! It 's so damn frustrating because I have more important life details to manage than to have to spend days on end just trying to get a stupid paper towel holder !!!!!!!!!!!!!! I want my money back !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! And the shipping money too !!!!
 If you really want a good humidifier try Vicks Dual Humidifier that really put out vapor and it is ez to fill and the clean . I was disappointed by this unit and I do not use it at all . I will give it to my sister for her dorm room because I think it -LRB- may -RRB- be useful for something that size or possibly a closet space .
 I can not believe that Rubbermaid would sell this product . It 's hard to believe that an engineer designed such a faulty box . The pieces fit together but are not screwed or fastened in any way . It literally falls apart when you open it . Probably the most poorly constructed thing I have ever bought .
 While Rubbermaid is a longtime name in the business of plastic ware , I find this box to be a very weak link . Plastic is good but the way it is supposed to slip together somehow does n't really work . When closed it is good to sit on top but open , it 's as flimsy as the day is long , moving everywhere and is crying for either return to the hardwear store or some really good heavy super gluejob . The locking feature is a joke , as all you do is tip it over and bam , the whole top end comes off and all of my goods are there for the picking ... just like a big square plastic pi & ntilde ; ata.Try again Rubbermaid !
 I agree with some of the others , there is NOTHING holding this thing together !!! For $ 75 it should be much more sturdy , If assembled the way they want it to be , you could n't ever sit on it , it will fall apart ! Adding grabber screws to hold some of the plastic peices together seems to help .
 This product does keep items inside dry , and is sturdy enough to sit on when the lid is closed , but that 's about the extent of its attributes . I find the design to be very flawed -- the four sides of the deck box are separate , modular pieces which more or less `` nest '' together . The first day I assembled the deck box on my 3rd floor condo balcony , a gust of wind blew the lid open , causing the nested sides to shift and the entire thing to collapse . This in turn caused the soft plastic `` hinges '' to bend out of shape , and now whenever I open the lid , the nested pieces pull apart . This deck box would be great if the `` box '' itself were constructed of one solid piece such as a cooler , but as it is now , it 's a piece of crap that I ca n't see lasting more than a couple of seasons at most ...
 I bought this item and got the free shipping . I am very handy , so I assummed it would be very easy to put together and it would have been if it were not JUNK . The directions show the lid to box assembly at the hinge diagram to be backwards than what they really should be . One of the corners on the back plate was bowed out so that I could physically see daylight at that specific corner . Another major problem was the lid -LRB- top -RRB- . When the lid was closed there is a hole in the front center that should align with the a hole in the front of the box so that a pin or lock can be placed into the hole to keep the lid secure . No matter how you construct the box the two holes NEVER align properly unless you FORCE the lid backwards toward the hinges . My recommendation is to never buy this product . I called amazon support and ups is picking up the defective unit and amazon is going to send me a replacement and they assurred me that the new replacement should work properly . I guess I will just wait and see !!!
 This storage container is not sturdy at all , but I guess you get what you pay for . I would n't buy another one of these again . . It does n't stay together very well .
 This storage unit is the worst that I have ever owned . The sides have 1/8 '' gaps at the bottom that will allow rain and bugs to come through , the front panel is rippled due to its thin plastic , and the hinges feel as if they will break after a few weeks of usage . If you lightly shake the box it flexes severely , I will never buy another Rubbermaid product again which is sad because I remember when they use to be a descent quality product .
 When the deck box was completely assembled the front holes for the lock did n't line up . Assembly was much mor difficult than expected since the holes in the base need to have their knockouts removed with a hammer and screwdriver . You 'll also need a pair of pliers to work the knockouts loose to remove them . The tools required include safety glasses , a piece of 1x4 lumber , a hammer , a standard slotted screwdriver and a philips screwdriver . That 's just crazy for something that is supposed to just snap together .
 I purchased a Lifetime 60012 storage box prior to this and was very surprised with its high quality and durability . I wanted something smaller , so I chose this . I have to tell you , it is shockingly cheap quality . Absolutely no comparison to the Lifetime box . I would not recommend you waste your money on this . I figure if it lasts two years , I 'll be lucky . If you can get it for under $ 40 , then I 'd say you probably will get your money 's worth .
 I ordered this box because other boxes in their reviews said they were n't waterproof and I did n't see that with this one . Not only is this not waterproof but I live on a farm and it will not even be mouse proof so i am afraid to put anything in it . C and D are not curved to meet the end pieces so there are gaps . I ordered several things from Amazon and had to return one already so I am hesitant to return another . I really am not that picky -LRB- the other was definately damaged -RRB- . I did n't even really want to give this one star .
 I 've had this deck box for just over a year now , and I ca n't recommend it to anyone . The box just wo n't stay together . Side panels pop apart , each time it is put back together , it happens again . Size is nice , but it 's just not made well .
 Sturdy , you ca n't be serious . Waterproof , you ca n't be serious . I 'd like to meet the engineer who designed this piece of junk . The box wo n't even stay together . Rubbermaid should send a roll of duck tape with this to hold it together . Please do n't waste you time or money on this . Both Amazon and Rubbermaid should be ashamed for selling this to consumers . The funny part is the box shows a women sitting on it . The next picture should show the box falling apart and the woman falling to the ground .
 This product consists of 6 main pieces
 i bought this bin to store my recyclables , and it does the job but i believe the bin that i received had been used before and returned . The screws were already placed in the holes , but incorrectly . Somehow the cover is not aligned with the hole designed for a lock , so a lock will not fit . It appears that once this item was returned by the previous owner , it was sent to me without being inspected . This was an expensive plastic bin , and I expected a better product . I had to get help in order to assemble because of the mess it was in when shipped . Very poor quality control . I would have returned it , but that was an additional hassle and expense . I am brand new to the amazon.com world , but i will definitely think long and hard before another purchase .
 This is probably the worst piece of garbage I ever purchased on line . Suncast makes a much better productI 'm so sorry I opted for this simply because of the free shipping . It was a pain in the butt to assemble , you need a screwdriver and hammer and if you push too hard it 'll collapse.The last deck box I purchased was a Suncast product . You can put it together with no tools , has handles & wheels.If this junk makes it thru the winter it 'll be a miracle . There 's no way I 'd ever let anyone sit on it.Save your money and do n't buy this !
 PROS : Fairly bigLightweightSnap togetherWaterproof from overhanging lidI guess you could sit on itCONS : PriceNot big enough for JUST seat cushions from 4 outdoor chairs -- let alone all the cushionsSnap together -- Will fall apart if you try to `` cram it '' fullCurrently holding JUST the back support cushions from 4 patio chairs -- it 's actually a small-ish box for this kind of job . Probably better to just hold small random items .
 Product documentation on their web site shows pager unit displaying temperature - the whole reason I wanted a wireless thermometer . A call to Acurite tech support confirmed that the unit does NOT display temperature on the pager unit . The rep said that another company holds the patent on remote display of temperature . The rep also said they are in the process of changing the documentation . Fortunately the display is large , so I may be able to see the temperature of the meat in my outdoor grill from inside . I 'm told that the temperature alarm does work .
 The product saved me from burning great cuts of meet a number of times over the past year so it is better than nothing , but thne unit failed within a year - constantly beeping telling me that the meat was Overcooked and no longer registering tempaerature just showing Hi so it is now unuseable - wish the remote unit had more functionality similar to the base unit which hard wired to the probe .
 I just received this item and was so disappointed . I bought this as a Christmas gift for my mother , there is no way I would ever give this as a gift . The design in the image is pretty , however the one I got looks like the design was made by a sharpie then filled in . Who ever `` hand painted '' this went out of the lines in every area . Its does n't look rustic , just sloppy . There are blemishes in the ceramic in the center of the plate and the worst part of all is that there is a finger print on the outer edge of the design . I really hope that this company will resolve this issue in a timely manner .
 For the 1500W of power that it draws this provides about the amount of warmth that a vaccum cleaner provides by friction on a carpet . Quite pointless .
 I had to return it , because it was purchased for use in a bathroom . If you read the lable CAREFULLY AFTER YOU GET IT you will see that this caution is on the box .
 This heater blew a fuse twice in my office , causing my coworkers ' computers to shut down and lose unsaved information . The darn thing comes on for 2 seconds every 5 minutes so I 'm constantly cold . I would recommend one where you can change the fan setting to go at all times on low without the thermostat stepping in and ruining a good warmth . Also , does n't turn off unless you unplug it so I have to crawl under my desk everytime I leave the office . No fun . Want to return but it 's too much of a hassle .
 While this little heater creates heat it isnt what I wanted at all . First of all I realized that it has no safety features . If it tips over unto the rug , it just keeps going ! A real fire hazard . Also also the front heat control knob says `` off '' you cant really turn it off without pulling the plug out of the wall , rather inconvenient . And as one of the reviewers mentioned its a real drain on a circuit , throwing the circuit breaker in the first day of use . Last year I bought a Pelonis for less and it was far better .
 Wow , what a fine example of terrible engineering . The only control is a knob that ranges from OFF to SUPER . To set the thermostat , you turn the knob to the SUPER setting . When the room reaches a comfortable level , you slowly turn the thermostat down until the heater goes off . This is the point at which the thermostat setting equals the room temp . At this setting , the thermostat will automatically turn on and off to maintain the selected temp.This design sets the stage for a frustrating user experience : - By design , you must turn the thermostat to the highest setting , then WAIT FOR THE ROOM TO HEAT UP before fiddling with the knob until the unit clicks off , at which point you end up turning it up a bit until it clicks on -LRB- if it does -RRB- . Its like trying to adjust your home 's thermostat in the dark ... just show me where to set the dial for 68 degrees and let me get on with my day . - when the heater is working as designed , it turns on for 30-60 seconds , turns off for 10-90 seconds , then repeats the cycle relentlessly and unpredictably until you unplug it , let it cool , box it back up , and send it back.I want a refund , reimbursement for lost productivity , and an ice cream sandwich .
 Honeywell HZ-315 Ceramic HeaterGreetings to whom it may concern . I purchased two of these HZ-315 ceramic heaters on January 28 , 2009 . Both vibrated across a smooth hard floor surface , very unsafe behavior for an electrical heating appliance . It was too costly to ship back even though they said they 'd waive the return fee at customer service . Heater # 1 failed on March 20th , did n't even last 2 months . I would advise to steer clear of this model , it 's not the quality product you 'd expect from a company like Honeywell and does n't appear to be built to last either . The company I bought it from was very professional and timely , I did not contact them for a replacement . I would n't have wanted it anyway .
 I would give this piece of junk 0 stars , but you have to give it one . It worked for about a month of light use , and then it stopped . I called customer service at the company -LRB- Honeywell/KAZ , not the people who are selling it on this Amazon spot -RRB- , and all they would do is allow ME to pay $ 10 to ship the piece of junk back to them ! So now I 've paid twice . DO N'T BUY IT !!!
 I ordered two of these when they were $ 15.00 each . Wish I would have read the reviews first . Both spend more time off than on , even with the thermostat all the way up . As said , no on and off switch and not much heat . I returned both .
 I 'm right there with the person who 's title was
 An otherwise good product that has anapparent quality/engineering flaw.The timers for this product are useless.I have had two of these grills and the timers on each itemfailed on the VERY FIRST USE > the dials were not forced , just inferior quality.Of course , you are not suppliedwith a customer service number to call for repair.Thanks George !
 The fan fills my home with a very strong odor of burning plastic each time I turn it on . I do like the design and strength of the unit but the odor of burnt plastic is headache-inducing and annoying .
 This is a powerful fan that can shoot a jet stream straight through your house , but it is quite loud , even at the lowest setting .
 This is a very poor quality fan . The on and off switch is very poorly located and is difficult to find for anyone who is not familiar with the fan . The switch also gets stuck . I strongly do not recommend this fan.It is definitely falsely described .
 I would give this a one star , except it is attractive . It fit the first time but after that it no longer fit . In fact it leaked . Need I say more ? If you want a tight for wine look for a different maker .
 Plastic is low quality , water tank cap broke after relatively short use , had to replace with something more sturdy . Also , water tank is enough for only one night in `` low '' setting and less than that in `` high '' . The medicine cup is messy and not useful . Better to spend a bit more and get a decent humidifier if you plan to use this more than a few months .
 this was our second winter with this unit and i will say for the job its supposed to do it does it ok . its quiet and humidifies ok . in its defense , we do have very hard water and previous humidifiers have been much worse off with mineral buildup than this one -LRB- like the vicks ones with the tub of water and then the electrical part that snaps into the top , i like this holmes design much better -RRB- . however the plastics on this unit are very cheap . the handle on the water tank is so thin it snapped , so be careful with that . worse , the bottom of the water tank has a cap that screws on and off to fill it . the threads on the tank that the cap screws onto chipped away every time i would put it under the sink to fill it and it bumped into the faucet . luckily , it has not chipped totally away and there is still enough threading left to get the cap on . obviously holmes is doing whatever is needed to keep the price down for better or worse.other than that , just remember this is a small capacity unit . on low it will run about 18 hours and on high it will run only about 6 -LRB- not enough to get through a night and with sick kids you really need it to -RRB- .
 from the reviews on this site , i bought this when it was on sale for $ 79 . I was expecting a near-luxury bedding comforter , but it is not . It is a little noisy , but tolerable . The thread count is just sufficient . i have another one that 's 300 + thread count and is much smoother . Also , I 'm returning my because it is leaking feathers already . Could be an anomoly , but I 've decided to choke up some cash and get a premium comforter to keep for years . This one is a sufficient shortterm solution .
 I second the review above mine to say that this duvet is the worst I have ever bought . I have many duvets of different price/quality , and this is by far the worst . There is absolutely no down in the edges of the blanket , and minimal in the rest . I am going to return this blanket immediately !
 I received it today and what a disappointment it is ... I 'm returning it right away.The product has the appearence of used product -LRB- it 's new -RRB- and when I hold it up , I see many places where there are nodown filling.It 's the worst purchase I ever made in my life.This kind of product will do BAD for online business like Amazon.Amazon should select their products more carefully.Otherwise , customers will flee from online shopping ...
 I just received my fan and it makes as much noise as an electric tooth brush . The shipping casts almost as much as the fan so I guess I 'll tear it apart to try to fix it .
 I am not satisfied . I performed an oline search for battery operated fans and this was one of the options found . I ordered the fan thinking it could run off of batteris . When I received the product , paying almost $ 8.00 shipping for a $ 9.00 fan , I was suprised to see it had a power cord . The fan requires a 110v power source . I would return the fan , but it would end up costing me more in total shipping fees then the acutal cost of the fan .
 Works great for a while but then has tendency to start slowing down . Ok I guess for small office area but not a reliable fan
 I got it on MAY 3 I had It For 68 Days and it stoped .
 FYI , after i purchased i looked at target and it was listed for $ 16 and some change at Target . I paid just over $ 20 on amazon .
 Nowhere does it clarify that you are only getting one filter -LRB- perhaps purposefully ? -RRB- . I guess I should have read the other reviews more carefully but who in their right mind would only want one filter when you obviously need 2 ? If my TV remote needed new batteries would I go out and buy just one batterey ? So considering shipping is $ 5 you will save your money buying one of the other ones .
 The blanket itself is soft but the white trim around it I assumed had a dye problem ... it was a bit pink . . instead of it being solid white .
 Not worth the price . Stamped steel . Save your money until you can get the forged version .
 These knives were functional and looked good for one day , until I put them in the dishwasher . The rivets discolored to a dull , spotted gray , and the black handles turned a bit milky . They retained their function , a decent serrated knife , but are really not presentable , even in the most informal settings.I have had similar Henckels steak knives that retained their original look for years . Not these.I have better forged kitchen knives which I hand wash . I know what I am doing . These knives are a disappointment .
 The picture looks like it would be some type of metal or even heavy plastic , but when it arrived it was clear plastic . Did n't look anything like the picture . It also cracked the first time I used it . : -LRB-
 The first DeLonghi 30-pint unit I received from Amazon looked great but did not function properly ; the cooling unit that removes water from the air did n't work . I returned the unit for an exchange . -LRB- Amazon gets five stars for their excellent return process -RRB- . The second unit arrived in good condition and worked for about 2 minutes before the compressor in the cooling unit stopped , never to start again . I tested the unit in an 80 degree bathroom at 100 percent humidity and it did not remove a drop of water from the air . The literature with the unit does not provide any help on this type of malfunction , but does give a Web site address -LRB- www.delonghi.com -RRB- . The Web site had great graphics but no useful information . A note to the company asking if there was any way to solve the problem elicited a recommendation to return the unit.The DDH30 dehumidifier appears well-made in other respects , but clearly there is a quality control problem with the refrigeration unit , or it is easily damaged during shipment . It appears impossible for a homeowner to open the unit to do any minor repairs , so the only alternative is to return units that do n't work . An electrical schematic is located behind the removable water bucket , but is n't very helpful because there is n't any easy way to access the unit 's innards . I notice that the controls for the DDH30 are more primitive than the larger models . Perhaps those more sophisticated units are more reliable , but I 'm not taking the chance ... In my experience , the DDH30 dehumidifier -- like the DeLonghi web site -- looks great but is n't very useful .
 I purchased it because it had a good name and my apartment had too much moisture . Once I set it up , the dehumidifier did not collect any moisture and runs very loud . We tried it for a few more days , but no moisture was collected . Had to return it . It was somewhat a hassle trying to use the same box to repack it .
 I had been a satisfied owner of a DeLonghi dehumidifier that ran for years . When it finally went quit working , I wanted another DeLonghi and ordered this one . It arrived with a broken-off humidstat knob and a bent case , so I had to return it for a replacement . The replacement 's water condensation unit did n't work at all -LRB- i.e. , it did n't extract any water from the air -RRB- . It also a small , strange ding that looked as if a heavy interior part of the machine had been thrown against the inside of the case so hard it made a reverse dent . I returned this DOA machine too , and asked for yet another replacement , but Amazon said no . Ca n't blame them.It looks to me like the real problem is the ridiculously flimsy packaging , which is n't nearly sturdy enough to protect these weighty but somewhat fragile machines during shipment . Because of this , I can not recommend ordering this item , even though for all I know the machine itself may be excellent if it is n't damaged in shipment.I finally ended up ordering a different brand from a different vendor , and the difference in the packaging is worth describing . The DeLonghi machines arrived in only the manufacturer 's original cardboard box . Inside the box were top and bottom styrofoam pads but just air around the sides of the machine . A couple of shipping straps helped hold the box together . The boxes were torn and gouged and in generally terrible condition on arrival ; one looked like it had been taped up extensively to hold it together before it even shipped . But this `` other '' brand dehumidifier from a different retailer arrived with bubble pack and a second cardboard box around the manufacturer 's original box , which itself had styrofoam protecting the machine on top , bottom , AND sides . The outside box had a heavy corner reinforcement splint along each of the four vertical corners and there were five shipping straps holding them in place . These splints extended beyond the top and bottom of the box , which had the effect of creating short legs so that the box itself did n't touch the floor - very clever . The outside box had not so much as a dent . Now THAT 's how to ship a machine like a dehumidifier , and sure enough , the one inside was cosmetically perfect and has been working just fine for the week since it arrived .
 I bought a Leyse Professional 10-piece stainless steel cookware set in 2003 . The 50-year warranty was one attraction . Now the bottom of the dutch oven has developed a bulge and the pot is unusable . I spent a long time searching the web for Innova Inc. to get warranty service . The web addresses I found for Innova Inc. in various business directories were wrong . The phone numbers also did not work . You will also find reports from the Consumer Product Safety Commission with complaints about Innova 's exploding frying pans . I finally found a Better Business Bureau report saying that Innova Inc. is out of business . Do not buy this product . 1/12/2012
 After only 6 years , the bottoms are separating from the pots . With a 50 year warranty , you would think that these pots should be durable and long lasting.The manufacturer , Innova , do not reply to emails and their customer service is extremely poor.Do not waste your money , find another manufacturer instead .
 I have had this set for many years and it was fine until one of the pots developed a bulge and it wo n't sit flat on the cooktop anymore making it pretty useless . I started looking for contact information and seems like I 'm out of luck since they are out of business . The warranty was appealing when I bought the set but does n't mean a thing if no one can honor it .
 Our DeLonghi dehumidifier performed sort of acceptably , though not especially well , for slightly over a year - that is , until slightly past the expiration of the full warranty . After that , the ` full tank ' shutoff control ceased to function , remaining locked in ` full ' mode , sounding a continuous alarm , and shutting off any dehumidification . This control had been dubious for some time , and required careful positioning of the tank , sometimes repeated repositioning , in order for the unit to operate . All in all , a substandard product .
 Power board failed within a couple years of purchase . Company wo n't help and independent service centers do n't even like dealing with them . Apparently , Delonghi , never heard of service after the sale . Customer support people were rude and made me feel like they were doing me a favor talking with me . I will never buy another product from this manufacturer and highly recommend you do n't either .
 I like the idea of this roaster . They are so hard to find ! It looks poorly crafted and probably wo n't stand up to more than two or three fires . I figured for 25 bucks it would be fun to use it anyway on Christmas morning and ordered it . I am already regretting it because I had to add an additional 12 dollars for shipping and then another 22.00 for DHL . All costs in I have spent more than 55 dollars on this thing . Its really not worth that much to me . Ordering online has its glaring disadvantages ! Wish I would n't have bought it . Canadians beware - this will cost you much more than the purchase price .
 I had to throw this away - i bought it to try in my fire place . I used it once and all the black coating came off !!! The popcorn was even covered in it . I just threw it out
 We used it three times and had to throw it out . The first time the enamel flaked off of the outside , which did n't look pretty but did n't seem to be a real problem . We gently wiped the inside of the roaster to clean rather than scrub to preserve the enamel and it seemed to be working , but by the third time I used it we were finding flakes of enamel on the popcorn .
 Bought this for my friend in VT who used it once and the bolts on the handle came out . Everything fell in the fire .
 We started with these knives , but quickly traded them in forJ.A . Henckels S.O.S. High Carbon Stainless Steel Steak Knives , Set of 4The Mansion knives just do n't cut steak , while the S.O.S -LRB- aka
 Ca n't speak much about actually using this product . When I received it and unboxed it , it was destroyed . Straight from the factory . No damage to the box or during shipment . Pieces were actually broken off the fact and the metal encasement was bent , but no plastic was inside the box . So , it was dropped before it was packaged at the factory , packaged anyway and then subsequently returned to Amazon . Buy from Amazon , just not this company .
 Purchasing this item was my biggest mistake in four years buying at amazon.com.First , do n't think you are buying an italian product . This is a PRC product and it shows -LRB- why these manufacturers do n't even want to mark their product honestly , like Made in China in this case ? -RRB- . The package was was very poor and one of the side panels was damaged -LRB- dented -RRB- . The filter cover was also damaged and the control panel was scratched -LRB- without protection -RRB- . The tank was dirty , like it has been previously used.The assembly is very poor with the side panels loosed.The sterofoam pacakage was too weak -LRB- too thin -RRB- , and arrived broken . The bottom protection was also very dirty -LRB- like water damage -RRB- . My overall impression is that this product is being made under very poor manufacturing conditions . It finish and package is closer to these products you can find at the dollar store.I 'm now trying to return this product back to Amazon.com . If I 'm successful returning this product to Amazon.com I will update my commentary to cover also Amazon 's returns service .
 I purchased this unit based on the good comments from other reviewers . But it turned out to be a big mistake.Sensor reading was not accurate . It showed 50 % humidity while my other odometer indicated 70 % . How could it be 50 % humidity in the basement in August ? Also , it continued to shut down after a few minutes and would n't go back on even I set the sensor to much lower level . Besides , it was extremely loud . It sounded like someone was using lawn mawer in the basement . I do n't think anyone can stand the noise in the same room . The packaging was very poor , the bottom almost fell apart when I received it.It looks like the sensor of this unit is defective and the quality in gernal is very poor . I have returned this unit to Amazon and purchased a different brand locally . The other brand works well and is much quiter .
 We just purchased this dehumidifier after reading the majority of positive views and were very excited to use it , but the unit keeps tripping the circuit breaker after running for about 5-10 minutes . The temp of the basement is about 70F and we put a 50 % RH setting . We are using a surge protector and the unit is not sharing any other equipment on the outlet ? Are we doing something wrong ?
 It dehumidifies very well-NEVER freezes up in the back and has worked fine for over a year but WAY too much annoying noise for a basement living space / TV room . I have to shut it off to hear the TV .
 The thing that makes this dehumidifier unusable is that the collection bucket has no clip or detent of any kind to keep it in place . As soon as it slides back about 1/16 '' the unit thinks the bucket is overfull and starts it 's annoying and insistent beeping . No matter how hard or how many times you push the bucket back into the unit , a few minutes later it slips back a bit . This is one of the silliest and most unnecessary design flaws I have ever seen . -LSB- edit -RSB- Well , I did find a way to make the bucket stay in -- most of the time -- by wedging some pieces of cardboard under it . There are better machines out there .
 I got this thing last year at this time and have only used it a few times for fruit smoothies . The frozen fruit must have been too much for it ! The turning spindal sheered off . It 's only plastic under the steal post .
 It is a nice blender that does a good job , but it is FRAGILE.We put one piece of ice in it that was apparently too big , and the blender died without putting up a fight . It was just under four weeks old .
 i bought this blender from a local store last week , used it twice before the food processor part failed and stoped spinning.this blender is so noisy that you have to stop talking while it is working.i took it back yesterday . . do n't buy this product ... save your money for a better brand .
 I have seen older models last for years , but this one burned out on the second use . Whatever happened to quality control ?
 On only the second time using this blender its poor design became a serious issue . The plastic cylinder in the center of the lid does not lock into the rest of the lid correctly or easily . While I was trying to blend something , the plastic cylinder fell through and straight into the glass container , got broken to pieces by the moving blade , and all the shards melted into the hot sauce , ruining my dinner completely . I would strongly discourage anyone from purchasing this product unless you do n't mind wasting $ 40 on a defective device .
 I had bad luck with this product . I received one , used it once and something shorted out -LRB- heard a pop and then it stopped -RRB- . It was easily exchanged for another , which also did not work well . It seemed that the pitcher did not fit well on the base , thus the black plastic around the spinning mechanism , was slowly grinding away . I took it apart , put it back together slightly less tight , tried putting pressure on it while blending etc. . Nothing worked so I returned that one as well .
 I bought this from WalMart . I was using it to make baby food , and it burned up the FIRST time I used it . My house stinks like burning plastic . I am avoiding this brand , because I bought this one to replace my last Oster that burned up . I 'm never buying this brand again !
 Adapter for the food processor immediately fell apart and would never go back together properly . Never worked / Never got to use and got so frustrated that I threw the entire thing directly into the garbage .
 We bought this blender in May 2006 and used it once during the summer of 2006 . We used it for only the 2nd time today and it burned out after the second batch of drinks . It is just past the warranty period . It may be a fluke but we will not buy another Oster blender .
 I thought I was buying a truffle mold , truffles are round and this mold was more oval and oblong . Also i thought you put the two together to form the chocolate by filling in the other end , but that is n't the way this one works apparently . Works ok , but not what I expected .
 The Chocolate molds had minor imperfections which transfer to the candy and make for less than a perfect finish . They were returnrd for credit with no argument by the seller .
 I was expecting there to be more rubber around the inner part of the lid , to make it `` airtight . `` However I found it not to be that way and am afraid if it were to fall out of the spice cabinet it would spill.So I still have n't figured out what to do with it , it 's a bit too tall for toothpicks but it may work .
 We brought the first one home and it did n't pump . . Got a second one and it pumped for three weeks and stopped . . This is a junk item . They should test these items before they leave the factory
 This product worked only for two weeks then quit . I ended up paying extra to send it back .
 I purchased two of these in May 2007 . I use them infrequently . I believe the principal is good but the fan has broken and although under warranty I can not get a response from the manufacturer . I sent two e-mails and called twice . An electronic message was taken but no one called back .
 I received the SecureAir in December 2010 . Now in February 2011 the UV bulb has failed . Contacted the manufacturer in Ohio and THE BULB IS NOT UNDER WARRANTY . After two months use , customer service told me I can purchase the bulb from them for $ 29 and shipping would be $ 10 . I asked if I could just use without bulb working and was told it would n't do much . Terrible Warranty , Customer Service and Product . I believe that this product is a throwaway .
 Do not buy from this maker . They do not work at all and to top it off the unit that was in the box was not what was described on the outside of the box . Based upon the outside of the box , my unit was supposed to have 4 funtions - it came out of the box with only 2 . It was supposed to have 3 fan speeds and it came out of the box with only 2 . It is a glorified fan - does not cool past 81 degrees . The company does not back their product and told me that they are packed in China and that Haier is not responsible for what happens in China . Go with another maker unless you are just wanting to have a headache .
 Do not buy from this maker . They do not work at all and to top it off the unit that was in the box was not what was described on the outside of the box . Based upon the outside of the box , my unit was supposed to have 4 funtions - it came out of the box with only 2 . It was supposed to have 3 fan speeds and it came out of the box with only 2 . It is a glorified fan - does not cool past 81 degrees . The company does not back their product and told me that they are packed in China and that Haier is not responsible for what happens in China . Go with another maker unless you are just wanting to have a headache .
 Haier is a Chinese manufacturer and the quality of its appliances is , at this point , poor . I would spend the extra $ 70 and go with a brand you can trust -LRB- think GE , Kenmore & etc. -RRB- . I think it is notable that no warranty information on this unit is disclosed .
 I do n't know how well this unit is working because I did not get a chance to test it . I have ordered it from Amazon twice and it came damaged twice . The reason is simple - manufacturer 's packaging is very poor and does not provide cushioning from sides of the unit , and it easily get shattered during transportation . Amazon did not care to provide proper packaging either.Buyers beware !
 Like other reviewers I received damaged goods . I received the first unit in a damaged box and it had a cracked control panel . The replacement unit was worse - the bottom of the box was falling out , etc. . I actually plugged the second one in and it did not power up at all . Take heed of these reviews and do NOT purchase this dehumidifier from Amazon .
 What a disappointment . The unit arrived in a box that practically fell apart . The power cord was hanging on the outside of the box . I did n't even have to open anything , the bottom just fell right out . The front panel of the unit was cracked . The top left corner was dented . It does n't even work . I plugged the unit in , pushed the on & off button ; nothing happened . A non-functional dehumidifier . In addition , the bottom of the box looks like it has been cut open and sealed back up . Don ' waste your time or money !
 Since I was getting the expensive Sony DAV-X1 DVD theater system I thought I would do it right and get Sony speaker stands . They do n't work with the system because you ca n't feed the fat speaker connection through the hollow stand like you would with just speaker wires . Maybe there is an adapter to get for whatever extra $ $ , but the speakers work fine on each side of the TV . Not worth it for me to send back .
 This iron works really well . However , the reason the we purchased cordless was to have the freedom to iron in the middle of the room without the need for an outlet . Since the iron must be placed on its base VERY frequently to remain warm , there is no real benefit to the cordless feature . We returned the product .
 I do n't know why people have given so many good reviews for this iron but my experience for the past two weeks is that the iron has to be recharged four times to finish one cotton pants . Pain in the neck ! When it 's fully charged , it 's really great . Yet , iron is useless real quick . Once pressing for steam does n't work , that means iron is n't hot anymore . So , back to the base , again , and , again , and , again ! Then I have to turn the setting from Level 3 -LRB- highest -RRB- to Off and then back to Level 3 , again , so the iron would recharge . If I just leave it on the base to recharge , it does n't seem to be hot at all . Well , big plus to have it cordless , but , my iron time has more than double . I 'd recommend a Rowenta iron which I used to have . It was more effective and lasted over five years . In conclusion , this cordless Panasonic iron is good but not effective !
 My wife said that it turned off before she could finish ironing . She exchanged it for a Black and Decker traditional . Her mother likes the extra power of the Rowen .
 I quilt garment and sew and this iron does n't get hot enough for my needs and now after 18 months it leaks like a sieve . unhappy wish I 'd brought a Rowenta which I probably will .
 After two looong sessions of ironing , I gave up and returned this iron . It simply does not stay hot enough for linens and cottons - which is what summer is about . I ca n't comment for pressing at lower temperatures .
 I iron some pretty heavy shirts and this iron just did n't cut it in the end . The heat generated was not enough to avoid wrinkles caused by the iron going over the shirt . I went back to my corded iron and saw how much better constant heat was for ironing . I really wanted to like this iron but it just did n't deliver unfortunately . Hopefully Panasonic can improve in future models .
 I got this item and was very excited , the features looked great . Cordless , you can take the tank off , nice case , etc. I also had an expatiation that I would be able to use the iron to iron 1 piece of garment such as a shirt , to my big surprise this was n't true . The iron stays hot enough to iron one slave only , if you continue ironing without re-heat the results are not very good.The Iron worked fine on garments that do n't require high heat such a sweaters
 I thought the iron was good but by the time i was ready to use it , i found out it was not getting hot , Thirty days had pass so i consider it too late for return . Very unhappy big loss unless there is still away to exchange it , just dont know what to do . Please let me know if there is a way out . Thank you .
 The iron did not work so I had to return it . Now I am being credited the amount less shippping cost . This means that I have to pay shipping twice for a defective item . This is just not acceptable and will be my lkast purchase at Amazon.com.RegardsFlemming Jensen
 I was so looking forward to this iron after reading all the positive reviews . This iron lost heat so quickly I could n't finish ironing the small area on the iron surface . It had an excellent jet of steam , liked that a lot . Then the iron would n't heat back up unless I cycled through all the settings -LRB- off , 1 , 2 then to 3 -RRB- . This meant it took about 20-30 seconds to heat back up , much more time than I needed to readjust my piece of clothing . This iron is going back and I will be getting an iron with a cord .
 Wish I had bought a regular iron . This one does not get as hot and does not put out the steam . I have to use a spray bottle . It just does not do the job.Lou Mallion
 Not having the cord in the way is great ... BUT ... Do n't forget to set the buttons , or you 'll have to wait until it is hot enough ... and use it as soon as it is at your setting , or you 'll have to reset it again and wait ; The worst part about it is , it does n't remain hot enough to finish one dress shirt ! You have to keep putting it back on the base and resetting it and wait for it to get to the correct temp . with each article of clothing . I 'd never buy another one of these .
 I got ta tell you -- I 'm not sure why everyone seems to be raving about this iron . I 've had it for a month and decided to give it away because it just is n't that good . For starters , the cordless feature is not a big deal because you need to have the corded base nearby to return the iron to try to keep it hot . And it just does n't get that hot .
 I bought this iron barely 6 months ago and was thrilled with it in the beginning . It does iron very well . The problem is , it has started to leak . Just within the last month or so what started as a slow , small leak , is now leaking so badly the water is running out through the base . I 've tried to call Panasonic numerous times and am now convinced there are no humans working there at all . I could never get past the automated runaround . I 've just ordered the Maytag cordless and I doubt I 'll ever buy anything from Panasonic again .
 I agree with everything written about this piece of junk . First , it was sent to me with a defective tank , so that the unit would n't even turn on . They sent me a replacement -LRB- 2 months later -RRB- . Then it turned on , but would n't work - no matter how long it was on and no matter what the temperature or humidity conditions were.I now have to send it back - at my expense - to get fixed . What garbage !!!
 I too made the mistake of thinking that Delonghi was capable of making such a simple device that will work.I ran it for almost a week before giving up and returning it . In ideal conditions for dehumidifying , 71 degrees F and 75 % humidity , this dehumidifier collected NOTHING . Not one drop . I checked everything they say to check . Nothing was set wrong and I tried various settings . It just plain does n't work ... brand new out of the box .
 The dehumidifier appeared well designed and the idea of the pump is excellent ; it just did not work . I contacted several of the factory service centers and all told me they no longer did service on any DeLonghi products due to lack of factory support of the product . I returned it to Amazon.com and was very pleased with the immediate and professional response . I would still like to have a replacement of a similar product -LRB- that worked -RRB- however Amazon does not have any more of them .
 Got a new from Costco and run one day . No single drop of water inside of bucket ! -LRB- The room level was 65 % , I set to 50 % , and made sure the compressure unit was run , not fan . Even more stupid
 I have used this product over a year and this only worked for odor . This will try to remove any odor except one , which was not convenient for me . If I take a shower and enter the room , it will even try to remove my soap smell . However , it does not work for cigarette odor or smoke.In addition , it will dry up your room and your eyes will get dried and even turn red . It did not work , when my room was dusty . I bought this because I was allergic to mite and dust but it did not work for me at all . I recommend Sharper Image Ionic Breeze , if you want better air quality.The worst part . I submitted $ 40 rebate to Panasonic over a year ago and still have not received the rebate . I tried to resolve this problem both by email and by phone for several months . Their excuse was that they closed down the rebate center and they could not cut me the check , although I have all the necessary rebate proofs.After they transferred me to same wrong departments many times and did not return my calls , I even talked to 2 people at the management team in Customer Lead Dept and they sent me to wrong department again . Now , they wo n't even return my phone calls , when I wasted 2-3 hours A DAY to talk to them about it . -LRB- You have to wait AT LEAST 15 mintues to over an hour , if you call them.You have to expalin to representatives all over again to talk to Management because they do not keep all the records . -RRB- One of them told me that there 's no department that resolves problem , when I asked them to give me another contact information because they were not willing to resolve the problem . Run away from the bad service . I am not just talking about representatives . They call themselves as management team and do not even return phone calls . This might happen to you , if you ever buy Panasonic product and there is problem with it . I am disappointed not because I could not receive the rebate but because their service was so horrible .
 Panasonic Cordless Handheld VacuumTotal waste of money ... On a full charge suction lasts less than 1/2 minute !!!! I really wish `` Amazon '' would test these products !!!!
 Highly disappointed with this iron . It 's really a pizelle iron and not a true krumkake iron . As others have alluded to , the iron arrives without cone rollers -- so you can only make flat -LRB- pizelle -RRB- cookies . Thankfully , I had a spare and was able to roll them despite this snafu . In addition , the iron makes `` krumkake '' that is too thick . No matter how hard you press the handles together or how long you bake the cookies , they come out thick and soggy -- rather than their intended crunchy and thin -LRB- almost ice cream cone like -RRB- texture.Do not waste your money on this iron if you are looking for the real old-fashioned type of krumkake that your grandmother used to make . It is not a true krumkake iron . While it make look like the real thing , my guess is that it 's a pizelle maker in a different box .
 When this item was purchased it had `` rollers `` included . When the package arrived it had a sticker applied that `` rollers not incluied '' , the packaging indicated they were included.I caled Amazon and received a Ten dollar credit . It cost me about $ 30.00 to buy 2 on line.Amazon should forced the vender to give me the `` roller '' for free since they wer on the orginal web page.Deceptive advertizing and poor customer policy by Amazon
 Live in Australia and cried as I cant use any of your electrical items due to the different power here ...
 I can not give you my opinion of this waffle iron as I have not used it yet . I read direction and recipe booklet and am anxious to try it when I have time
 This microwave worked fine for a little while . Then , about three months after we purchased it there was a huge problem . We came home after being out all day and smelled something burning . The microwave was beeping incessantly , and was red hot . We unplugged the piece of -LRB- junk -RRB- immediately , and threw it away . God only knows what could have happened if we 'd been gone any longer . We were n't even using it . It just started burning on its own .
 I have had the same problems as the previous reviwer . GE sells the same `` Samsung '' model as `` GE '' JES831WF001.Just before the 1 year warranty ran out GE kept on sending letters offering an extended warranty for $ 45 or so - close to the price of a new one . Right after 1 year and 1 month the troubles started.We also had the beeping sound and it turning `` ON '' by itself and running for 4 minutes when ever it felt like it . -LRB- Our electricity charges went up way high -RRB- . Now it works some times , beeps most other times . It also gives an error code - F3 - = key pad shorted out.The controller unit is sold at $ 55 . Not even worth fixing it . So hoping to send it to the land fill and no more `` GE '' for our family and friends.Anyways , I opened it today to check out the key pad . All the parts inside were labeled as `` Samsung '' -LRB- I wish I bought a Japanese brand and not GE . -RRB- . *** Word of advice to other - please do not open the microwave ovens unless you are qualified to fix them . Even when the power is out there are Capacitors that may have enough charge to hurt you real bad . And then there is the microwave leaks that can cause so many bad things . ***
 I find that this unit spatters and sputters terribly when I make quantities of rice measuring 3 cups dry or more . It is a 10 cup cooked unit and I ca n't imagine making any larger quantities than I have . I use the right amount of rice and water . Water spills over onto my countertop and through the air hole . As it nears being done the liquid spatters out the air hole all over my countertop . What a mess ! I threw away the packing materials or I would probably return it . I do like the non-stick pot and the keep warm feature . If anyone has any advice on how to keep this mess from happening , I would appreciate it !
 I bought this rice cooker about a 11/2 years ago , and the nonstick coating has been peeling ever since the warranty expired . I contacted Sanyo because I thought they made replacement bowls for the cooker , but they do n't . Buy a more expensive rice cooker because they usually make replacement bowls , or go with the Panasonic SR-G10G which has an aluminum pot.When it was actually safe to use , the rice cooker actually performed very well . The design is very well thought out . Detachable cord , big side handles , and a nice lid with a handle that stayed cool .
 I do n't understand how anyone cooks with this . It blows out an immense amount of gooey steam water ! I cooked brown rice , followed directions exactly , even soaking for an hour first . It was only 2/3 's of the capacity , but it blew junk out the sides of the lid and out of the little blowhole and left a large puddle of gooey rice water around and under itself . A MAJOR mess.I have n't even tasted the rice . So what if it 's good ? You ca n't cook with an appliance like this unless you put it in a giant sink or outdoors somewhere . What in the world is the deal ? I do n't even know if I can clean it up enough to return it ...
 I had high hopes for this simple , small rice cooker . Unfortunately , disaster struck on the first time out . I cooked 2 cups of brown rice without washing it first -LRB- my preference -RRB- . The rice cooked perfectly . There was a little spitting but nothing like the other reviewers describe . I scooped out about a cup to eat and , because the instructions say not to leave the unit on `` warm '' with a small amount of rice , I turned it off and let the remaining rice sit while I ate . After about 15 minutes or so I heard a loud `` bang '' in the kitchen and found that the lid had broken into a million pieces . I do n't see any other complaints like this , so it was probably some kind of defect , but that 's what happened !
 I bought this cooker last year in May 2009 . It is now April 2010 and in less than a year the non-stick coating has peeled off rendering this machine unusable . I called the manufacturer and they were beyond unhelpful . They first claimed that the cooker was discontinued . Then when I asked why it was still being sold on their website , the customer service rep said they would replace the part if I had the store receipt which I no longer have or I could just buy a new one . For $ 25 one can buy a basic rice cooker from other manufacturers . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 My last rice cooker worked great for almost 10 years . My microwavable rice cooker is still great about 10 + years . But last year I purchased the Sanyo EC-505 . I use the rice cooker maybe once a month . I do n't need something programmable and I have steamers and slow cookers.All I wanted was a rice cooker with an ` ON ' switch . Apparently , using the ` on ' switch proved too much for this workhorse and within a year the switch turns itself ` off ' sometime during the cooking process.When ? Who knows ... you 'll have to check every 5 minutes because you 'll never know when the switch will flip from ` on ' to ` warm ' . Somtimes it 's 1 minute into cooking , sometimes it 's 15 minutes.Having rice has turned into a fun new game of `` Whose turn is it to watch the rice cooker ? `` I 'm now purchasing a $ 200 Zojirushi rice cooker because $ 30 a year ai n't worth the fun .
 do n't buy . It ia a piece of junk . I could not use it for cooking rice . Since then , I used it for steaming , boiling water . Other than that it is useless
 Please do not buy this product.I opened the package and switched it on and it did not work .
 Came with a piece missing . The company shipped me the missing piece , but that was disappointing . I find it very difficult to pump and if you move it , it leaks . A huge disappointment all the way around .
 The pot works fine , like the swivel feature . But it took me 40 MINUTES with a plastic spatula at the sink to get the incredibly irritating label off of the carafe ! Seriously ? I this some kind of a sick joke ? They ca n't use post-it note type glue , they have to use the industrial strength ? I was tempted to simply send it back . The vendor sent it promptly , so they 're great , but I will think twice about buying another THermos brand product . If they 're thoughtless/careless about the irritating label , what else are they thoughtless/careless about ?
 I have uesd many thermal pump pots and found this one really needs improvements on it 's `` open top '' button and it 's `` pump-action '' button . These buttons are really unstable and wobbly and thus getting ones fingers pinched in them is common place ... OUCH!There is a MUCH better design to look for that we use at work that looks very similiar to this one but has instead lid opener buttons on the sides of spout -LRB- MUCH better design -RRB- and also has a stainless steel pump bar that lifts up and locks in place for pumping . Look for this design rather than this all plastic one and I guarantee you will be much happier with it . When I purchased this one I was actually thinking it would be similiar to the ones we use at work but I was wrong . I actually hate this one and regret getting it . I did n't read or look at the picture closely enough to realize this one did n't have side buttons or stainless pump bar . Dang , I wished I 'd looked before I leaped and bought this one .
 Glass vacuum casing broke the first time I used it . I ca n't find a replacement anywhere . Not recommended .
 Maybe I got a bad one , but it does not keep my coffee hot for even a few hours . Every morning when I make a pot of coffee , I fill a Nissan stainless thermos and fill this 2-qt Beverage Pot about half full . The Nissan thermos keeps the coffee hot for 8 or 10 hours , but this pot does so poorly that I am not using it regularily anymore . There is no visible breakage of the glass , but something is not right with it . At least the price was low .
 Does not keep hot beverages hot for as long as I was led to believe based on other reviews .
 I would n't recommend this item . The label is very hard to get off . First , I attempted to peel off the sticker . I could see that it was not going to come off easily . I attempted to peel it off very slowly , but utlimately only a layer of the sticker came off . This left a layer of paper and glue on the pot . I soaked it in water in order to disolve the paper and used a plastic serving spoon to scrape off the wet paper a half hour later -LRB- I then used Goo-B-Gone to remove the glue -RRB- . The scraping from the spoon left dents in the outside of the pot.Also , there was a sticker on the item -LRB- which , thankfully , came off relatively easily -RRB- which read , `` Please read the enclosed Care and Use Instructions before using this product . If these instructions have been removed , please visit www.thermos.com to view them online or call ... '' The instructions had `` been removed . '' And so I went to the website only to find that there were no care instructions listed for this item.It 's probably not really a one-star item . I would actually give it 2.5 stars , but my personal frustration led me to give a a single star.Dear Thermos people , please do n't put adhesive labels on items that require solvent to remove .
 I received this thermos and it took me 30 minutes to remove the label . In the process , I dented thermos on the sick because I had to scrub so hard after soaking in scalding water . The item arrived without a packing slip so I can not return .
 I ended up sending this item back because it was broken and not usable . We did get our money back but wo n't buy another one from here
 I am using these for events and have shattered one using a bottle brush . The pump has failed/gotten stuck on 2 and one has leaked out the bottom for no apparent reason . I am in the market for a two quart hot beverage dispenser that is easy to use and clean . These last less than a year . I am in the market for something better .
 Arrived promptly , kept coffee hot for maybe 2 days , then failed . The outside got hot and the coffee got cold . I 've had 3 New Stanley products also fail this year - manufacturers - STOP making everything in China . Also , it cost half as much as the purchase to send this POS back for replacement , which will probably fail also . Buying a name brand like Thermos or Stanley used to mean you were purchasing quality . Now it 's all crap .
 Poor insulation compared to other brands used . Liquids are not hot after 18 hours . Other brands kept liquids hot for 36 hours .
 This is one of those products that arrive with a huge manufacturer sticker on it - that wo n't peel off without leaving a ton of glue and the ` white stuff ' . We tried everything . Submerging in hot water , cold water , Goo Off , scrubbing . The white backing and sticky glue mess is still there.I just do n't get it - how dumb can a manufacturer be ? Anyway , returned for a full refund .
 Upon arrival , I rinsed the inside of the product with warm water and mild dish detergent as instructed . When warm water was poured in , the product exploded making a very loud popping noise . The glass inside was shattered into small pieces and some pieces were on the top of the opening area . I am so glad the glass did not get me or on the floor . I never thought a thermal pot could be this dangerous . I am going to pick a Zojirushi next time .
 Takes forever to pump fluid out of this . I returned this due to not very useful .
 This item arrive with the thermal glass broken.A replacement is not available , I recommend bought fragile items like this in a local store .
 This Thermos product needs to do one thing well . Keep hot things hot for a couple of hours . It does n't . Luke warm coffee in less than two hours . I returned it . I 'm sticking with Nissan Stainless products which work great .
 I 'm disappointed . This thermos does n't seem to keep coffee hot for very long . After a few hours , the coffee is just warm .
 Today I recieved the replacement for the original pot that I ordered . Only to find that when the driver handed it to me yet again the glass inside was SHATTERED to bits . I refused the item and will have to look elsewhere for a replacement . These people really need to learn how to pack something for shipping . Thowing it into another box without any packaging material to protect it is plain STUPID !
 This product worked well for keeping liquids warm , and we did n't have the problem with the push pump that others have reported . The huge problem that we had was a Thermos label stuck with pretty aggressive adhesive all the way around the exterior of the item . My wife spent over two hours with soap , water , Goof Off , etc. to try to get it off , and once off , you can still tell it was there . I have no idea why they would have done that -- a simple paper sleeve would have worked just fine to tout their brand -LRB- and really , it was in a Thermos box , so any sleeve or label was superfluous from the start -RRB- . If we did n't need it to entertain so quickly after it arrived , we would have returned it out of frustration alone .
 i ordered this thermos to house my coffe during the work day . i had used it for about a week before one day when i was cleaning it , i cleaned yesterdays coffee out in the sink and waited for the coffe to stop brewing . there were no contents in the thermos . when the coffe stopped brewing i opened the top , and then , without any notice as i started to take the pumper outta the middle , it exploded and sounded like a gun shot ! it sent the glass insulation all over the place and scared me !! i have tryed to contanct thermos to see if they have fixed this problem before i buy a new one , and they never wrote back so i bought a Stainless steel insulated thermos instead . BEWARE OF EXPLOSION , i have read on the internet that this has happend in the past ...
 I made this purchase to replace one that belonged to someone else that I broke during my first use . Drinks stay plenty hot , but the pump , handle , hinge , and lid are very cheap plastic , poorly designed , and easily broken . I can only imagine how bad it would get damaged if dropped .
 I was rinsing out the thermos to clean it before actually using it , so was only using warm tap water , and the thermos EXPLODED !!
 Would not purchase anything again through Amazon that uses a second party . This is the second issue with a second party shipping items purchased on Amazon . Target does not support a return even if product is destroyed during shipping . Go to the store and you get what you would expect from Target , poor service and employees that are not helpfull . If I wanted to go to Target I would have . I went to Amazon because they have been a good source in the past . Would be reluctant to purchase on line again .
 Not Happy - this item came broken and I had to quickly find another one to have it in time for christmas
 broke when it got here a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o
 I bought it in April for a trip in Nov. . I did not realize it was broken inside until Nov , when I took out of the box and now too late to return !!
 There is a big sticker that goes all the way around the vessel that is n't shown in the picture . It 's impossible to remove without tearing and having a big mess to scrub off that takes forever . They could of at least used a vinyl sticker . Weak sauce !
 Product is great . I already have one and bought this one for a gift . They think it is great too .
 My mother in law gave me this juicer and it looks WAY nicer than the old aluminum juicer that we already had . I use both of them together since we do several bushels of grapes every year . The aluminum steam juicer is much faster at processing the grapes and it keeps the steam in the bottom pan . This stainless juicer also does n't drain the juice as well and sometimes the juice burns onto the back side of the pan . I know it 's crazy but the aluminum juicer works much much better so save your money .
 Somewhere along the pipeline , someone pulled a fast one . I doubt it is the seller . The unit INSIDE the box is NOT the original Back to Basics Nutri-steamer that is shown on the OUTSIDE of the box . I HAD one of the originals until a house fire pretty well fried it.I used that SJ for all number of kitchen cooking/food prep . It WAS very versatile and I loved it . The one I received as a replacement - and sent back - was an inferior model . A big difference is the steamer basket will not fit down into the main pot to be used as solely a steamer pot . The stainless steel is NOT as heavy as the original nor as well made . The stock pot section does not appear as large . -LRB- Will boil dry sooner -RRB- . So beware that what you are buying is NOT the same as what is shown . NOW ... If I can only find one of the originals ... < sigh >
 First of all the item is too small . it is about 1/3 the lenght of a pair pants and 1/3 as wide . So as you can see it is pretty small . So it is a lot of moving around and adjusting which causes previously ironed parts to become wrinkled again.It does not make life easier . good in principle but does not work .
 The press is too light weight , too small to do much pressing . It bounces when the handle is released . It does the job but takes more time because of the small size . I could not recommend this product .
 I thought this thing was the size of an ironing board ... its barely bigger than an iron . I spent twenty minutes trying to press a pair of pants ... with only marginal results . Its interesting that in their picture they show nothing that would give you any kind of scale ... a shirt a pair of pants?Very deceptive and not worth the purchase . I returned my the next day.I 'm sure it could have some applications and the quality of the construction was fine ... it 's just way to small .
 I had a difficult time receiving the product , in the first place , due to the outsourcing of services connected to this particular product . Being able to communicate in English was very hard and took up a lot of extra time . That was disappointment number one . When the SteamFast SP-660 Table Top Steam Press finally arrived , it had a part missing -LRB- cup for filling water tank for steaming -RRB- . I did n't bother to report it , because it had already been such a hassle and I found ways to get around it . I 've had experience with the more expensive model which is an excellent product . This one looks and `` feels '' cheaper -LRB- and it is -RRB- . It is also a bit smaller and does n't do men 's pants well . My advice is to go for the more expensive model and forget about this one . It 's worth the extra money for the upgraded model .
 NOT EVEN A MONTH WORKED . IT DOES N'T WORK ANY MORE , I TALKED TO CUSTOMER SERVICE AND THEY WANT ME TO SEND IT TO THEM AND THEN THEY ARE GOING TO REPAIR IT AND SEND IT BACK . I 'M NOT SATISFY WITH THIS PRODUCT ... . I BOUGHT IT BECAUSE I NEED IT ... . AND NOW I HAVE TO PAY FOR THE SHIPPING AND WAIT FOR IT .
 I had to return this Table Top Steam Press . I thought it much bigger than it really was . The Prss worked just fine , it was too small for what I wanted it for ... Thanks ... Bob
 I received this item with no instructions , no warranty card and missing a part . Kept it anyway , too much work to send it back . It works ok on pants and t shirts , ca n't use it on man tailored shirts .
 Alright , I 'm in the military and spend too many hours a day ironing my uniform . In what seemed like a grand attempt to cut this back , I thought that the SteamFast SP-660 would help . But , there were a couple of issues with the machine.First , a side note . For some reason Amazon will not ship this item to an APO address -LRB- military stationed overseas -RRB- . So , I had to ship it to a third-person who graciously forwarded it to me . Nothing to do with the product , but a sore subject with me.The largest problem is that the board is far too small to actually iron anything quickly . I could only iron portions of the shirt and pants at a time . However , once you iron one portion , it gets re-wrinkled on the machine 's hinge when you iron more . So , the depth and length of the board were unrealistic.It heated up quickly , cooled down quickly , had great steam , but was absolutely ineffective at saving time.In short , if you 're using this to iron your children 's clothing or an umpa-lumpa costume , it should be fine . If you 're ironing `` real-people clothing , '' I would stick with a traditional iron and ironing board , or reinvest in your local drycleaner .
 My husband is in the Army and he bought this to iron his BDU 's . It was a complete waste of money and time . After he iron his BDU 's with the steam press , he had to re iron them with the iron . We purchased this from another store and paid $ 170.00 . It is not worth the money . I wish we had read reviews before we bought this . We promptly took this back to the store for a full refund !
 The steamer is a piece of crap . The main problem is there was no steam . Give me a break . You may be one of the lucky ones where the steam actually works . But be leery , it looks like Amazon sent me someones elses previous defective order . I can tell by the way the items were packaged in the box . So I 'm sending it back . Maybe Amazon will send it straight to you ? If you like gambling , go ahead and order . But I 'm sending this one back and requesting a full refund .
 Do not purchase this . It is a complete piece of junk . It takes even longer ironing with this than it does with a normal iron ! You 're busy positioning the shirt or pants and then you still need your regular iron for the touch ups anyway . In theory this item is great but in practicality , it is useless .
 The press works but certainly not worth the cost . Very noisy with alarms and other undesirable audible features . I gave it away to chairity .
 GOT THIS FOR CHRISTMAS AND IT WORKS GREAT.I DID ALL MY SHIRTS MUCH QUICKER THEN USING AN IRON.THE STEAM ONLY WORKS WHEN STEAM LITE IS ON.A TIP ONLY USE DISTILLED WATER OR HOLES WILL PLUG UP WITH LIME DEPOSITS , YOU CAN GET THIS WATER AT WAL MART .
 Le Creuset is superior cookware , and I 've never had a problem with it . However , this 5-pc set is disturbingly inferior . When the set arrived , the pouring lip on the saucepan had chipped enamel . The enamel chips were in the bottom of the box it was packed in . I contacted Amazon , showed them closeup photos of the chipped lip , and they immediately sent a replacement set . That set had the exact same issue as the first one , indicating a problem in the manufacturing process . Both sets were returned and my account was credited.Amazon told me they would remove this set from their website until they could inspect the other boxes to determine if this was a widespread problem.I have subsequently purchased additional Le Creuset frying pans and a saucepan from Williams-Sonoma and JC Penney , and all pieces were perfect . I do n't know if the Amazon sets were seconds or irregulars , but I would not buy this particular set , again . If others have received this set and none of the enamel has chipped off , then perhaps the manufacturing process has been fixed.One thing I have learned from this process
 Really bad customer service ! `` Hi , I purchased my swiss diamond wok from Amazon.com in Aug 2011 . Only used for several months , the wok started to stick , scratched , even peels . Even the ads saying I can use metal spatula , I ONLY used plastic ones as I really want to to take good care of the wok . However , with great disappointment , it does n't seems to last as it has been promoted . I paid for the wok with premium price -LRB- $ 160 -RRB- and now I would like to demand either a refund or a replacement . Please advice . `` 3 Responses from Swiss Diamond ... '' # 1 . Not under warranty . Overheating . # 2 . Per Switzerland your pan is not covered under our warranty due to overheating . # 3 . Please see attached use and care instructions that come with all pans . You can see that it talks about using medium to low heat on our pans '' . I wonder who would use a wok with low to medium heat?My recommendation
 I made many good purchase through online . Sometime , I would have something that I was regret to buy . This is the one.Nothing is wrong for this scale . It may work as design that the scale is so sensitive and when one steps on to it , it starts to change the digital display constantly as you dumped a big file on a computer screen . You may stand there for ten minutes and can not get a reading . Every foot move or shakes will cause the scale to react instantly and long last.I do not return this product since I kept forgetting to do so and I hold it too long . But I rarely use the scale .
 Funny thing is Amazon still ask me to review this item .
 Received the scale with nearly nothing in the way of instructions . The glass platform was not attached to the scale itself and there are no instructions as to how to attach it . Tried web sites for Salter and their distributor and e-mailed each of them twice asking for information . No answer from either . And , oh bye the way , the batteries that came with the scale were dead which require even more investment in a product that I can not use .
 ... I 've had this microwave for about 2 years now , and I 'm glad I finally found a place to vent about it . I bought this microwave because I was thinking that the all microwaves are about the same , but this is one of the most terrible pieces of trash I 've ever owned . Just to heat up water for coffee , it needs to go for a full 4 minutes . The internal dimentions are small , so I ca n't fit some of my plates inside it , and when I want to heat up my travel mug , I need to take out the rotating plate . Today I just realized that you ca n't cook at different power settings . Normally it 's not something that I would thinking to look at think about when choosing a microwave , but it becomes an annoyance when you need to use it ...
 To me white is white but this is not true when you order the half-pint in white - be prepared for the front -LSB- plastic part -RSB- to be beige while the sides -LSB- metal -RSB- are painted white . In my opinion it is not a pretty picture ...
 I put two in my kitchen , the little cockroaches just breeze right by . Maybe NYC cockroaches are just a lot tougher , but the electronic thing did not repel them = -LRB-
 This was a terrible product . I 'm not sure if it scared any little pests away , but it did scare the entire family away from the rooms where it was placed . It emitted a loud enough noise for the human ear to pick up and was so disturbing that it interrupted the watching of television . After a few days of using these , we quickly got rid of them .
 Does not work on crickets or spiders . Crickets are just as bad with or without the Pest repeller .
 I bought this product and it did not get rid of the pests at all . I ended up returning it . If you do your research in google it 'll link you to many sites explaining studies how ultrasound does not scientifically rid pests in anyway . They 'll become accustomed to the sound that they hear from these devices . It 's kind of like us being accustomed to the buzzing sound that our refrigerator makes . People saying that this product works , it 's all in the head . Probably something else other than the product drove them off .
 I tried Messermeister , Blade Saver , and Wusthof.Messermeister was of the worst quality -- very hard plastic , unprocessed edges . Also it was the most difficult one to insert a knife into.Wusthof is the best . The soft inner lining is gentle on the blade . It holds tight enough , but not too tight -- it is easy to put it on/off a knife .
 This cover is NOT 2 '' wide . It will not fit a blade more that 13/4 '' wide . Even the outside width is only 17/8 '' . Worthless for my needs .
 I just purchased the Tanita BF-556 . I like the size of the display which is large enough to read even without my glasses.But a serious issue for me was that I wanted a BFI digital scale which could be used on the short carpet in my office . A scale that would work there will have feet that attaches to the back of the unit to position itself and support it on the carpet . I checked before buying the Tanita to make sure that this model included feet in its design . When I opened the Tanita BF-556 box there were none . I checked the Tanita BF-556 manual and in the table contents it makes reference to attaching the feet while setting it up . Turning to the referred to page a new user will find that Tanita deleted that section about attaching the feet since they have appeared to have cut that as a method of cutting the manufacturing cost of their product . I checked with the vendor and an older display unit has the feet but when they opened several newer unshipped boxes they found the same thing that Tanita had quietly cheapened the product and left them out . In what other ways has Tanita cheapened the product they are now shipping ? Did they cut the current retail price to reflect their new cost savings?I am angered at this and other subtle tricks manufactures turn to in global trade are n't you ? Tanita made a mistake in my opinion in cutting their product quality for the American market just to save a few yen on the backside of the market . -- Tanita mailed me a free set of feet after they heard of my complaint . They said that any customer who needs the feet can get them the same way by calling their USA customer service . The reason given for the deletion of feet from the 556 was that customers did not properly install the carpet feet by reading the directions causing damage to the product and or improper measurements .
 I guess this is the one I ordered as it wound up on my `` items to review '' but I did not pay $ 1697 for mine ! Thankfully as I feel like I did not get my money 's worth as it is . The 3 piece set I received was not nearly as good as one I had bought on ebay a few years before . This one is just too soft and gives no firm support at all . It also stays dented in after a short while . I flipped the top memory foam piece because of the dent and now there are two dented-in places . I just replaced this mattress with a much better memory foam mattress , from Sam 's Club . Theis is a gel Memory Foam Mattress and comes inside a nice zippered enclosure . It is firm enough to provide healthy back support -- unlike this one.I definitely DO NOT RECOMMEND this mattress !
 We got this mattress as we were in an apartment and did not want an expensive product . very very uncomfortable . so soft that i would sink in totally making a dent . got backaches and neckaches . had to just throw it away
 1 . The product description includes `` Made in USA . '' It is not . It is made in China -- at least according to the box it came in .2 . Before buying this product , I looked around the Internet to try to find the weight of stainless steel . At parkers-pantry . com , I found the following in addition to the product description posted at Amazon : Brand
 First , I am a careful shopper and when I buy something that is more than a few hundered dollars I have researched carefully . I bought one of these on a vac clearance sale at Sears about a year ago . It looked great and the salesman was very positive about the product . I have all tile flooring in the house so this was designed for that application especially . About 4-5 months after purchase the vacuum started shutting off on its own while I was using it . I would try and turn it back on with no response . A few minutes later it would work fine . It was as if it would get hot and have to cool down or something . The problem was that it was only 5 minutes or so of use . I contacted Electrolux who asked me several questions including where I bought it and how much I paid . As soon as I told the rep that I bought it on clearance she told me that the warranty was void since I bought a clearanced model . I argued but it did no good . So , I have a `` quick vac '' that I paid nearly $ 300 for . I learned that Electrolux DOES NOT stand behind their product . How much I paid should have nothing to do with the warranty -LRB- unless of course it would have been used - it was new -RRB- They used anything they could to NOT warranty the product . The rep was very nasty . I talked to Sears who did try to fix it without luck but they would not return the vac either and actually , they should n't have to - it is n't their fault . There is a diode issue or something I read on a website that is defective on the board inside . You would be better off to buy something else - BELIEVE ME ! It is Euro-junk .
 Really ! This vacuum states that it is best for a house with mostly hard surfaces and some rugs or carpet . But it does n't do rugs at all ! No matter how short the pile , even a no-pile braided cotton rug , the beater stops working as soon as you touch down . A smaller rug , like an area rug , just gets sucked up so hard it lifts it off the ground . If you have 100 % hard surfaces or very short pile wall-to-wall carpet , it 's fine . If you have any scatter or area rugs , it 's a disaster . I disliked it so much , I returned it and am out $ 60 because of it . Be advised , the company I ordered from , Ace Digital , does n't take returns on vacuums . I had to argue my way thru that . I will NEVER again order a vacuum on line .
 I must confess , I was seduced by the gorgeous design and purchased the Oxygen3 at a local department store . I had owned a Eureka canister that was 20 years old and loved it . The Electrolux Oxygen3 worked well enough for about 9 months when it just stopped ! ... the repair shop said it needed a new sumo board , which was back ordered , and cost about $ 100 for parts and labor . Less than a year later , it blew a fuse on the sumo board and had to be repaired again . It happened a third time ... and while I 've been tempted to just take a hammer to this poorly engineered lump of metal and plastic , it 's just so pretty ! ... My research indicates that this sumo board malfunction is an extremely common and recurring problem ... think I 'll get a Miele !
 I originally wrote a good review but after 6 months of frustration I must ammend it . The unit is quiet . When working , it does a good job but the small bag does n't even get 1/4 full and the vac shuts down . I would vacuum for about 10 minutes and it would stop . I 'd leave it off for a few minutes and it would start back up , then shut down . I changed bags , it would work for another 10 minutes and shut down . And this is on bare floors . Not heavy carpet . I have pet hair more than dirt so maybe the pet hair makes the machine sense the bag is full . At any rate it is in the repair shop to see if there is something they can do . The repair shop says they get a lot of problems with these units . I am ordering a Miele today and will just use this unit as a spare if it ever works . My recommendation
 The first five reviewers must have been paid off by the company , do not , I repeat DO NOT buy this vacuum . I have had this thing for 5 months , and it has worked for maybe 1 month . I have already had to buy a second vacuum for when this one does not work . The power head turns off whenever it wants , and now the entire machine turns off . It 's been to the service center three times ... not fixed . It is not even really an Electrolux , it 's just an overpriced Eureka ... they bought the name apparently . I 'm eating my 400 bucks and taking a slegehammer to this piece of junk !!!!
 As others have said DO NOT EVEN CONSIDER BUYING THIS VACUUM !!!! Based on the allergy website reviews , I purchased this vacuum and indeed it is sleek , lightweight and performs well when it works . Based on our excitement , a neighbor also bought one and we purchased a second one for a vacation home . The neighbor 's machine broke almost immediately . Our wand to brush attachment broke after one month and the repair shop said they see a lot of these and recommended a Miele . After we got it back , it lasted about 2 months before the electronics board died and I am still waiting for the repair as they shipped the wrong board to the shop -LRB- shop said they do that often -RRB- . Now our second machine has died , the brush control button on the wand is dead -LRB- cheesy buttons that do not work cleanly -RRB- . So we are currently at less than one year and all three machines have died once , with two repairs on one of them . I have now puchased a new Miele vacuum to have a functional vacuum and will avoid Electrolux products as long as I breathe .
 I bought this vacuum cleaner based on Electrolux 's reputation , and I was very disappointed.The finish and design are nice , the suction power is tremendous , so much in fact that if you do n't have everything nailed or glued to the floor the turbo brush head gets stuck , and it may even stop functioning.I have tile floors and a large area rug , also many smaller area rugs . The vacuum has a `` MIN '' -LRB- minimum suction power -RRB- button on its handle , which does n't seem to do anything to reduce suction . Suction is so strong , that even on bare tile the brush head seems to stick like a suction cup . On the area rugs it gets even worse , it can not be passed back and forth , as it sucks the rugs in . My rugs are very short pile oriental rugs . This vacuum cleaner can not be used , it was designed for patios or decks . I can only imagine the damage it would do to drapery!The `` Auto '' , `` Min '' and `` Off '' buttons on the handle are flimsy , they do n't always respond , and the futuristic lights are nothing but gimmicks.The S-Bags are nice , fair price but also hard to get in Canada from a regular store like Canadian Tire . Buying online means double the cost of bags by the time one has to pay for shipping.I have an old Eureka canister -LRB- model 6856 -RRB- that has a lot more control and adjustability . The only reason I looked for a new vacuum cleaner was the fact that my old Eureka 's powerhead stopped working after many years . But I will have it repaired , or replace the part and save myself a few hundred dollars.This Electrolux just does n't cut it .
 The beater brush was inoperable from day 1 . Unforturnately , this went unnoticed for over 30 days . We took the vacuum to an Electrolux Repair shop and the board that needs replacing is backordered . It appears this is a common problem . The repair shop recommends a Panasonic or Miele product .
 I have a Villa Ware Prima Pizzelle Baker # 5000 . The problem is that all of the pizzelles stick to the top of the iron when I open it up . Is this the way it is suppose to work ? Does n't seem right . Also it took me awhile to realize that the light actually has nothing to do with bake time . Wish they would explain that in instructions .
 Gee , I sure hope my review brings this unit down to 3 stars at least . First , this leaves a lot and I mean a whole lot of unpopped popcorn . Second , It 's a real pain to store and awkward to clean . Lastly and MOST annoying , when my daughter received this , the little crank that is supposed to screw into the basket , would n't . I called the company that distributes it , many , many , many times before I could talk to someone in customer service . Apparently both representatives were very busy . You 'll have to leave a message so they can call you back at their convenience . Well , after all the dramatics with my frustrated daughter trying to figure out what she was doing wrong I was determined to contact them and finally persevered . Meanwhile , my daughter is using a chopstick through the hole in the glass to tip the popping basket . AND , guess what ! The company said the crank for the basket would need to be replaced . Two weeks later , I 'm still waiting for it to arrive in the mail . If she burns herself I will maybe need legal representation . Dumb product . Hate it . Company seems unresponsive . Do n't buy it .
 My husband got this Nostalgia KPM-508 Old-Fashioned Kettle Popcorn Maker on July 13 , 2010 . 5 months into it , and approximately 6-8 uses it stopped working . Amazon told us we have to contact the company , they ca n't help . I do n't like throwing $ 60 away!Tried the company several times and was not able to get through . Figured it was because of the holdays . Called again today and they have a recorded message
 This Nostalgia KPM-508 old Fashioned Kettle Popcorn was been a big disappointment . I used this product less than 10 times since I first got it in July . Today this product stopped working . I have specifically followed the directions so I would not damage the unit . This was a big mistake .
 We bought one and it lasted just over 3 months . The part where you add the popcorn did n't warm up enough to pop the popcorn . We were given one as a gift . It did the same thing . We did n't over use it . Only a couple of times a week . When I emailed the company , they never responded . Do n't buy this product . It only has a short warranty .
 I would n't of given this any stars but I could n't get it to send my review unless I gave it one star.Tried it once , made cold stale popcorn . Brought it back after one use.Like hubby said there was nothing to keep the popcorn warm after it hit the cold metal bottom so it went cold immediately.Would not recommend it.It also had one of the little rubber feet missing . Called the company they said the would send it and I would get it in a week . Still have n't seen it and its been months.Not that it matters to me now since I brought it back but I have to questions their customer service and help you would get from them since they did n't send me the little rubber foot even.I 'd recommend looking else where if you are looking for fresh hot popcorn from your popper.Was very disappointed in this product .
 I am very disappointed in my purchase . Plexiglas has scratches all over . You can tell someone tried to clean this item up tp pass for brand new . Very disappointed
 Poor quality , most of the kernels remain unpopped . I stopped trying to use this after three attempts and bought a new product . Unfortunately it was too late to return this item .
 This product is cute , but not practical to make much more than a handfull of popcorn . Can not load the suggested amount in the popper or the popcorn will clog and not overflow down as required .
 This machine looks great , until you get it home.The motor is annoyingly noisy and it is cheaply put together.Inside of the machine there is a beadead of calk all around the glass , and a very poor bead at that . The sides are plexi-glass , not real glass.The company claims it pops a cup of popcorn , but the measuring cup is only 1/4 cup . I had to make several batches to feed a family of 4 . When I tried to return it ot Dyandirect , it took them almost a month to respond , telling me I would have to pay for shipping and 15 % restocking fee . Luckily I found a local store that took it back without a receipt.This is not worth the money and the company has a poor response time and return policy.Since then I purchased the WEST BEND STIR CRAZY POPPER , which is excellent . Nearly all the kernels popped and the volume is great .
 I was very excited to buy a small hot oil kettle style popcorn popper for my rec room . Unfortunately I was disappointed . The popped kernals push out the unpopped kernals from the kettle , wasting lots of unpopped corn . The remaining corn produces a very small batch . In fact I had to pop three batches to get a large bowl to serve . Clean up was quite a chore . The entire inside of the machine gets splattered with oil . Popping corn in this machine is too much work for me .
 Item came 14 days late , damaged -LRB- not from shipping -RRB- , and still no word of them shipping another one to me . It has now been 26 days since my complaint to them via e-mail , and nothing has been resolved . Never doing business with this company again!update : I was sent a second machine after a couple of weeks . this one also needs to be sent back because they gave me a used one . It 's dirty , rusted , scratched and I 'm really upset.Update September 22nd 2005
 We bought this for our son 's birthday party . We tested it out and it worked ok - did n't really pop like I thought it would but still thought it would be fun and the popcorn tasted good . On the day of the party the kettle never heated up and it never popped another kernel.We were very disappointed but we boxed it up and sent it back . Thank goodness for Amazon 's great return policy
 Granted it may be the Orvil Redenwhozit popcorn , but less then 20 % of anything I put in this machine actually pops . I did give it one star 'cause it 's kinda cute ... I still have to buy a popcorn popper . It ai n't 60 bucks cute .
 This item was purchased as a Christmas present for my father.It simply did not work . Burned the popcorn without popping more than a handful of corn . Our guess was that it does not get hot enough to actually pop the corn - but does get hot enough that it will burn it after enough time.The item was returned for a full refund .
 I bought this corn popper thinking it would be fun with the family on movie night . I followed the exact instructions including the proper cleaning technique . It lasted about five uses and then the electric motor died . Although I have had it less than one year , the limited factory warranty is only 90 days . In the trash can it went . One other thing , it gets very hot so watch the children around it . A waste of money !
 I returned it . The popcorn basin gears did not connect properly with the motor gears . If one gently `` forced '' them in , it immediately popped out , so the basin would not turn . It 's a cute little item , cheaply made . I did n't expect much but I did expect it to function at least .
 I received this product as a gift and the crank is supposed go on the right side of the machine but the hole for the crank is on the left side . The basket wo n't fit in backwards so I 'm stuck with trying to tip the basket by hand which is not a good idea . Machine also looks like it was put together very cheap , especially the caulking which is very un-professional . Would def not recommend .
 Too small , there 's hardly any room for your hands to work around it when making popcorn . It makes a big mess and is difficult to clean . It leaves lots of kernels unpopped because they fly all over along with squirts of oil making a big mess . NOT worth the price for such small item . Not worth the mess for the amount of popcorn it makes.Great popcorn though .
 The popcorn maker looks great , and was very excited to get it up and running ... only to realize that the crank -LRB- shown in the picture as the lever with the red ball at the end of it -RRB- was not in the package and no where to be found . Exremely disappointed I would stay away from this product .
 This popcorn popper is supposed to cook 8 cups . I used the enclosed measuring scoop and got 4 cups of popped corn and several dozen unpopped seeds on the bottom of the holding area . I 'd have to cook 3-4 batches to get enough and it 's just not worth the time . The last kernels need to be dumped to prevent burning , so it needs to be watched while it works . It 's a cute machine , not loud , but it 's cheaply built with mostly plastic . It also has a terrible door latch , too hard to get open and too hard to snap shut . I 'm returning this and continuing my search for a fun , cute , retro style popper . For those that could n't get the crank handle on , it 's a reverse screw . The crank handle is just for dumping the rest of the popcorn kernels at the end .
 Sorry , but this machine had to be returned . We found it to be the cutest thing , however it worked once and then refused to heat up . Needless to say my kids were disappointed .
 We got this for our carnival-themed wedding . It was great for that , but it 's not practical . It takes much too long to get a decent amount of popcorn and it 's really hard to clean . Even if you pop the popcorn in the microwave and put in there , it 's hard to get the popcorn out . It 's good for photographs , but not in real use ... We 're just going to throw it away . Stick with microwave popcorn or get a modern-day popper .
 When my popper arrived yesterday , I unpacked it and popped a batch . It worked well but was a little loud . I decided to have friends over and watch a movie last night . The popper never heated up . I ended up popping the corn on the stove and returning the popper today . Never again with this model .
 I purchased this popper almost a year ago . You get mostly seeds back from the pan . They fly out while some kernnals pop . I tried putting less popcorn seeds in , but then it takes a lot longer to get enough to eat . Poor design , lets seeds pop out before they are ready . I used it about 10 times and decided it was n't worth the trouble . I went back to the kettle on the stove and this popcorn popper is in the basement in storage . It is expensive too .
 Can only make a very small amount of popcorn at a time . If you follow the directions on the popper in regards to amount of kernals of popcorn to make at one time , the popper jams and you have to dig the popped popcorn out . Also , you are then left with many unpopped kernals .
 First off , it looks pretty neat ... but it only gets worse from there . I have noticed a few other people complaining that the crank on the side does n't screw in correctly and neither does mine . The popcorn that comes out of this machine is only slightly better than microwave popcorn and a lot more trouble to make . I got this as a gift , but had I paid $ 100 for it would be back in the box and sitting on a warehouse shelf .
 It overheats every 30 seconds , before it even pops 1/2 a cup ... we tried 3 times , returning it tomorrow . Went back to stovetop popcorn , way better.E .
 Hello , I opened this item yesterday and the glass door where you open to make and take the popcorn out is broke in 1/2 . From top to bottom . It has been taped with masking tape so whoever sold this knew it was broke . I am so very disapointed!I have only bought a few thing from Amazon and just not sure what to do , could someone please help me with what I need to do now?ThanksMel
 DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF CRAP !!!!!! this was a Christmas gift for my sister and the popcorn burned and none were popped ! I am so disapointed that I feel like taking it back to the company myself and having them eat the burnt cernals !!!! 4 days left til Christma , what am I to do now ? we live in different states ! SOOOOOOO disapointed !!!!!!!
 I bought this January 27th . Tonight , April 25th , the handle fell apart . It is very cheaply made .
 I am returning this item because the handle screw does n't fit into the popcorn pot . Has anyone else had this problem ?
 I JUST GOT OFF THE PHONE WITH NOSTALGIA LOOKING FOR A PART FOR THIER MODEL CCP610 AND WAS SHOCKED TO LEARN THAT THEY DO NOT SELL PARTS FOR THIS UNIT.I RATE THIS UNIT AS POOR
 What a let down this little shaker is ! It looks cool when you first get it - comes in a fancy box ! Only after about two uses , water seeped in between the plastic covering and the actual shaker . ABSOLUTELY NOT FOR DISHWASHERS EITHER ! To replace it , I bought a dishwasher-safe , Chefmatic shaker at Target for $ 12 that is a martini makin ' champ!Cheers !
 The scale is solar powered , which works very well . I like the large base . My dissatisfaction comes in the basic function of a bathroom scale . I can step on the scale five times and get four different results . In truth , I keep weighing myself until I get two readings that are the same . I am on bathroom ceramic tile , and I reset the scale if I move it . The range of inconsistency is from a couple of pounds to five pounds .
 Bought the scale Jan. 22,2010 . It died in August of 2011 . Not worth the price . If it 's any consolation it worked great for 17 months .
 I read the user reviews for this digital bathroom scale and ordered with confidence . I did like the size of the platform -LRB- my size 10 women 's feet fit on it -RRB- , but I could n't get an accurate weight . Within a 5-minute period , it told me I weighed 70 lbs , 156 pounds , and 200 lbs ! The vendor 's customer service told me they 'd had good luck with that model , but this one was obviously defective out of the box . I returned it .
 We have owned this scale for over 8 months . During the past couple months , the scale has been resetting itself within a few minutes of a previous weighing . Then it shows a weight different from the one it had just shown before the resetting . The manufacturer 's website offers no help . If reliability and accuracy are not particularly important , the solar power feature is very nice .
 I bought this and it worked just fine for a couple of months . Now it fluctuates 6 to 10 pounds high to 6 to 10 pounds low , all within minutes . I will not buy a product like this from Amazon again , since there is no recourse after 30 days . Major bummer .
 I 'm not sure if this is a officially licensed poster , if it is it 's horribly done . There are numerous errors and ommisions . For example , Champ Bear was yellow , not blue . For a serious Care Bear collector this is n't worth the paper it 's printed on . If this is for a child who has no idea what Care Bears are or their history , then it 's just a substandard decoration . I mean come on , key original Care Bears are missing and the likes of America Bear is included , what a joke .
 I bought one of these without looking at the shipping cost - $ 7.65 , for an item that weighs about an ounce !! Your total price will be $ 17.64 . It 's a nice cover , but ... . Maybe you folks should lower that shipping charge , J-life ??
 It tells your weight , accurately to within 100 pounds or so , depending on how you stand . No instructions on how to stop the wild fluctuations , and differences of as much as 20 pounds even when you 're trying to stand in the exact same way . If I wanted to know that I weigh between 150 and 250 , I would have looked in the mirror . Total garbage .
 I returned the coffee urn due to the malfunction of the urn . The water was not hot when the ready light went on . It is not well made either . The handle on the lid for opening and closing is merely a piece thin plastic molded to the lid ; it is easily to break.The return was handled very well and painless . Amazon arranged pick-up within a couple days after receiving the return request . The refund showed in my account with the same speed .
 This coffee maker is a piece of junk . Use twice and stop working would not recommend to purchase!I 'll read reviews on items from now on !
 Upon opening my box from amazon , I found that this item was damaged BEFORE it was boxed up and shipped to me . The original box of the item had already been opened , and the entire base of the item was damaged . On top of that , a note was attached stating `` please damage out . '' Unfortunately , the person who boxed this item overlooked the defective piece and shipped it to me anyway . I was very disappointed to have to go through the hassle of returning this item .
 I recently ordered what I thought was a NEW coffee urn . Unfortunately , I did not open the box to check on the urn before I needed to use it at a large party . After cutting the tape on the box , I took out the urn and the instructions -LRB- BOTH OF WHICH WERE DIRTY WITH COFFEE STAINS !!!!!!!!!!!! -RRB- I was so disgusted . My mistake for not checking it sooner . BAD PR for the company . You should NEVER pawn off a used item as new . I plan on reaching out to the company-hopefully their customer service will be much better .
 I give it 2 stars because it still may be good for coffee -LRB- even though for my taste still not hot enough -RRB- , but we used it just for hot water to prepare tea , and the water is not hot - actually it never boils , and also you can add like a liter of cold water into it and it will still not switch on the heating . And it feels like it even got worse with the time -LRB- since April when I purchased it -RRB- . Finally , we dropped it somehow and broke three of the legs ... So we are trashing it now .
 Came as scheduled ... first box - fine - not rips or tears . Inside box - fine - no damage . Coffee maker - BIG dent on the right side a little below half way up ... you know what ? It still makes pretty good coffee ! Looks are n't everything and we need coffee !
 We purchased this item to sample hot chocolate and coffee . I have used percolaters before and had a good experience with them . Unfortunately with this machine , the hot chocolate and coffee was too hot to drink and even made the cups to hot to hold . We had to unplug the pots for up to 30 minutes at a time to keep the temperature at just hot - versus sonic hot . I would n't reccomend this product to anyone .
 I guess you get what you pay for ! This whole unit gets too hot .
 I have an original print from the museum and the colors of this print seemed washed out in comparison . So from now on I 'm just going to get museum copies . Truer colors
 For years , Armetale has been a key dimension of our cooking and serving equipment . This and two other Armetale items we got recently are much lower quality - much lighter and feel cheap . Very disappointing . When I tried to find out why , I discover these are no longer American-made . That 's too bad , but would n't be a show-stopper if the quality had been maintained . Quite a disappointing turn for this formerly standard-setting company .
 It arrived timely and we have not the foggiest idea what to do with it ... did we order this product under the haze of too many Makers Mark juleps on a balmy , Big Greasy afternoon ? Who knows ... but if we ever figure it out , &#34; y' all &#34; will be the first to know .
 Purchased this corn cob kernel stripper at the end of the season last year . I never used it until today a little more than a year later . The blade broke in half after the 3rd corn cob . I followed the instructions as directed . The rivet that holds the blade is obviously not strong enough . Also the device seems to be better suited for slender rather than plumper cobs of corn . Very disappointing . Look elsewhere for a kernel stripper .
 This was a complete waste of money . It 's true what they say , you get what you pay for . Do n't waste your money on these cheap ones . Spring for the expensive one .
 Very cheaply made . The only good thing i can say about it , is that it was cheap to buy as far as cost .
 The lid does not fit very securely and I thought it was defected and ordered a replacement , which does n't fit as well . It slips around and wo n't give the seal that I was hoping for when cooking certain recipes .
 This is the worst scale . I have had this scale for about 40 days . It was used approximately 5 times -LRB- a couple of letters and small purses -RRB- . Today I decided to weigh another small object and the scale will not even turn on . It 's a PIECE OF GARABAGE . SAVE YOUR MONEY AND GO WITH ANOTHER ! I could n't even get a few months out of this trash .
 I only used the scale three times and it stopped working .
 This scale was DOA -LRB- dead on arrival -RRB- . Upon reviewing the manufacturer 's website , I saw this was quite common . Do yourself a favor and look for another scale .
 This product was to small for the intended child . A one year old might haveBeen able to use it , provide they could sit that long !
 The smell was horrible . Had to leave foam pieces -LRB- NOT a mattress , a mattress `` substitute '' 3 pieces of foam with a mattress pad cover -RRB- in room with door closed and window open for weeks in subzero temperatures , before being usable . Febreeze helped some . Tearing eyes , running nose , raw throat whenever exposed . This ca n't be healthy.Also , you can definitely overheat.The most annoying on-going problem I have is the 3 pieces of foam do not stay together and are forever sliding off the bedframe .
 It does not work for me even I tried hard . So I have to return it . And it 's very hard to clean .
 Very misleading . Says will ship in 1 or 2 days and then its nothing but excuse after excuse . I ordered my print on November 18th and here it is December 15th and still nothing but excuses . First their selling page stated that it would ship by November 23rd and then they said December 5th and then they said December 9th and now they tell me its mailed and that they will email me a tracking # , but of course they do n't ! BE AWARE !!!!!!!
 The product made a lot of noise when running a tape and jumped . It also sounded like it was destroying the tape . The seller replaced it with a second unit which was no better . Then he refunded the purchase price and shipping charge with no hassle .
 Do n't waste your money . I bought this as a back up to my Panasonic one and this was pure junk . Even with brand new batteries , it kept stopping . I threw it away . Service wise the company sent it right out in a sealed package , but aside from that . Pure Junk .
 Lightweight and light duty . Save your money by getting a more durable VHS-C Adapter . The Panasonic version will cost 3x to 4x as much , but it is a much better built item . This product did n't perform as expected and was quickly retired and replaced by another adapter ordered through Amazon that hopefully will last for years , or at least until someone else borrows it and forgets to return it .
 The order was not complete and I returned the order . It was from a third party and I rate the service as poor .
 the product i received was not the product i ordered . when i tried to contact the seller there was no response . However , Amazon did take care of the situation with their A to Z guarantee . Thank You Amazon . this is why i continue to shop with you .
 does n't site nicely like in picture , top brush just kind of lays to the side of the first hook like they are n't really meant to go together .
 I have the very similar Villa Ware Mickey Mouse Waffler . I love that waffle iron . Why did VillaWare create a waffle iron that will appeal more to girls than to boys ? To sell more waffle irons ? If so , that 's a sad thing . I would use this iron for both my son and daughter , but I know my son would complain . Who needs that at breakfast?Other than that , my Mickey Waffler works great and is easy to clean . After preheating , each waffle cooks in about 3 minutes , and I can get other breakfast items ready while I wait for my kitchen timer to go off .
 When I opened the clock , it was cheap looking and it is extremely hard to set the time accurate . Not user-friendly at all .
 It is very difficult to set time/alarm and not possible to change projection angle . Big limitation for projection clock .
 I initially was very happy with this product , but would never buy another . The instructions said you can immerse in water and wash in dishwasher . When I did , the feet deteriorated and made black marks on my Corian counter top . I quit putting in dishwasher , I tried for six months to get new feet . Villaware Customer Service does not put items on back order and told me to call back -- I did once a month for six months they could not supply . Then this skillet developed large portions that would not heat enough to brown a grilled cheese sandwich , I called Customer Service again , they said it needed a new controller -- which they did not have in stock.Recycled the thing and bought a cheaper Oster . I 've used electric skillets for eons , I know they wear out , but in less than two years is unacceptable for an almost $ 100 appliance .
 They advertised an indoor outdoor fountain 37 '' high slate and with lights . They sent me a whale that hooks to a waterhose that measure about an 11/2 plastic a piece of junk . Tried to contact them but off course no answer . I think that Amazon should not allow them to sell . I see that they have done this to several people bait and switch .
 This was a complete waste of money . I tried it one day and threw it in the trash . Price not worth the effort to return . Water sprayed all over . Cumbersome and messy to use . Cheap piece of plastic .
 I bought this for my son and the material is too rough . No matter how many times I wash it and use fabric softener it 's still too rough . And do n't get the comforter either , same problem . Too rough .
 My son has a Star Wars themed room and the finishing touch is the bedding . It works well with the theme - however the sheets are stiff and uncomfortable . Also when you was them make sure nothing else gets into the wash with them - the fabric bleeds -LRB- ask our socks ! -RRB- I would not recommend this particular bed set because of its lack in quality .
 I keep this refrigerator in my back hall . It 's purpose was to hold a few bottles of water so I would n't have to go into the kitchen with shoes that were dirty from doing yardwork . What a waste of money ! The water is barely cooler than room temperature .
 It 's not cold at all . A bag of ice put in a plastic box is colder than this unit . Do n't buy it !!!
 Does not work well at all . Goes from being room temperture to somewhat cold sporadically.Very poor buy
 My son took it to college and did n't tell me it did n't work . Now it 's too late - Target wised up and stopped selling this piece of junk . I want my $ 100 back . Guess I 'm sunk . All the other reviews got it right - this thing does not get anything cold . Beverages might be safe , but food spoils . Goodbye , expensive cheese .
 I received this as a Christmas gift , and am returning it to the store after 1 day of use . After plugging it in and 8 hours of operation , it is not cold at all . After reading the box , it is not a refrigerator -LRB- no compressor -RRB- but actually a cooler . Hopefully my brother kept the receipt !
 If this fridge kept things COLD I would have liked it ... but then again that is pretty much all I am looking for in a mini-fridge ... therefore not a good fridge at all . I bought it for like 70 bucks and had to sell it for 20 because it sucked . At least I got something back right ? : -RRB-
 I have this out on my back porch so maybe I 'm expecting too much , but my old fridge worked great till the compressor quit . I thonk this does n't even have a compressor -LRB- i.e. it 's `` cfc free '' -RRB- so it just ca n't do the job . drinks inside are maybe kept at 60F and that 's on the coldest setting . Worthless .
 As others have noted , this is a thermoelectric cooler so really does n't get that cold . However - it DOES get cold enough for form ice on the cooling unit . If your fan is noisy , it may be due to it striking the ice . If you remove the plastic shield over the fan -LRB- four screws -RRB- you can see it . It is actually a large PC case fan ! You can see ice buildup . Just defrost by turning it off , put a towel in the bottom to collect the water . You 'll get some performance back , but it will still be lame , just less lame .
 Calling this a `` refrigerator '' is plain deceptive advertising . The listings and the packaging call it this . But read the manual in the box , and you 'll learn that they call it a `` cooler '' and that the other reviews here are true
 I presented four of these coolers to four Nuns in a Convent -LRB- 9 months ago -RRB- to keep beverages cool -LRB- i.e. not refrigerated -RRB- and I just replaced another unit with a another brand yesterday . I am very disappointed in these Chefmate ` thermo electrically ' cooled units . I will not purchase another chefmate cooler until the technology becomes more reliable .
 I bought this `` cooler '' several years ago . I was disappointed from the beginning . The unit is called a `` Compact Refrigerated Cooler . '' As a consumer , it looked like a refrigerator and had the word `` refrigerated '' on the box , therefore , I assumed it was meant to perform like a REAL refrigerator . DO N'T BE FOOLED ! The compressorless technology appears to be appealing , but this unit will only cool items to 20-25 degrees below ambient temp . The manual does state this . Again , without this statement on the front of the box for the consumer to read , one is to assume it will make your drinks cold , not cool.After about 21/2 years of keeping my items barely cool in my office , the unit started humming . It was the cooling fan on the inside of the back wall . I could bump the unit and make the noise stop , but it got progressively worse . Sometimes it was quiet and other times it started to get noisy on its own . I had some co-workers complain that it was making noise . I hated even attempting to open the door on this thing in fear that it would start humming again . It went from a bump of the unit to literally socking it with my fist or kicking it to get it to stop . Sometimes that did not work . A replacement fan is $ 30 . Not worth the time and money to repair it . At about 3 years , the unit stopped working . I think it was the power board on the back panel that went bad . Now this is definitely not worth the repair . I am piecing this bastard out on eBay to recoup my money . For those people that rated this `` unit '' more than 2 or 3 stars , they must have low standards .
 This is a thermoelectric cooler , not what you would normally think of as a refrigerator.It keeps the inside temp about 25F cooler than the outside temp , which means about 50F in a 75F room.It is n't really cool enough to function as a refrigerator , or even to cool drinks . A 50F soda is cool but not cold.It is very quiet , but it just is n't cold enough to be of any use .
 All these reviews are true . The coldest I could get this fridge was 50 degrees . From what I 've read online 40 degrees and below is average to keep food from spoiling . Do Not Get This Fridge . Unless you 're just looking for a cooler then this works great .
 WARNING !! The Chefmate 1.7 cubic foot refrigerator is an absolute POS ! A complete waste of money ; stear clear of this brand . I had my refrigerator a little over a year , and the motor burned out on it . Used properly and well maintained , simply a crap of a brand .
 Bought two Chefmate compact refrigerators . Both died after a power outage . Only last about a year each . I 'm disaapointed in their quality and reliability . Needless to say , I 'm not buying any more and would not recommend one to a friend .
 I bought it for my college dorm room , and while it lasted longer than some other complaints here , it really failed me when I needed it . It no longer blows cold air at all ! I feel really wasteful getting rid of it , but I do n't know what else to do !
 I have to qualify my review by acknowledging that I 'm not sure this is the specific product that I purchased and set up , though I believe it is . I would speculate that , at worst , it 's a very similar model ; it 's definitely manufactured by Chefmate -LRB- i.e. Haier -RRB- , the same company that manufactured the unit I bought . I purchased this ChefMate compact refrigerator , in black in my case , from a Target store in northern N.J. ; it sported the logo `` ChefMate '' in a plastic oval on the upper right portion of the ` frig door . The unit was actually manufactured by Haier.To make a long story short , this unit came out of the box in perfect condition -LRB- though I selected a perfect box at my local Target store here in N.J. -RRB- , and seemed to work perfectly -- it was unexpectedly very quiet , for which I was extremely thankful since it was to go in my very small bedroom studio where anything other than whisper quiet would have been a problem ; also , the door closed cleanly and perfectly , and the body of the unit was perfect , no dents or scratches.Product utopia , right ? Wrong . This little black box turned out to be a toxic outgassing nightmare ; there was odor coming from its interior plastic that was as noxious as it was impossible to kill . Let me be clear
 Moved and wanted to line my shelves , so i bought 4 large rolls of this liner . I am very disappointed -- first , it is difficult to cut as it must be irregulars -- none of the lines were straight -- all on angles making it impossible to cut . Secondly , it grips to everything-everytime i take a dish out , i have to fight with this stuff -- i would not purchase again . I am writing to the company and sending a sample -- save yourself money-wash out the shelves , and do not use anything !
 These filters and cut pieces of a cheap filter paper , it is a fight to get the filters to seal inside the unit . Can not use in my filter Queen vacuum . I wanted it to work and the discounted price .
 This item , when received , does NOT look anything like the picture and it DOES NOT fit my Little Pro Plus . I would rate it a 0 but 1 is the lowest rating allowed.The picture however looks exactly like the part needed .
 Very low quality fabric and hard to make look good on the bed
 The comforter looks o.k. but does n't feel good to the touch , somehow like you would develop a rash just from looking at it .
 I ordered this item on March 13th . At that time it was to be in stock around April 4th . It is now listed as in stock soon . I know it is going to be rough and not the best quality however , my son would like to have it . Will I ever receive my order ?????? My suggestion . . do n't order until it is in stock . . if ever . In addition , try to find a customer service number to reach a live person , it is worse than getting into the Pentagon . -LRB- Perhaps Amazon can give them some tips . -RRB-
 Pretty expensive for the quality . For some reason , the fabric tag is on the top of the comforter , so it hits my son in the face when he 's trying to sleep ! The only thing it has going for it , is that the design is cool .
 This will be a really short review as the unit stopped working only after 2 days . I liked it for that little while but wish it would last a bit more . It does have a nice uncluttered screen and a modern stainless steel look.This is going back to Amazon .
 I bought this thermometer because it had a large display and modern styling . Both of these are what I got . My complaint is that the accuracy of this thermometer around freezing is not very good . My kids have a couple weather stations I got them for last christmas and when they say 32 it is freezing out . Mine will say almost 35 even though it has clearly dipped below freezing . So if you just want a general idea of temperature with a nice large display , this is the one for you . Otherwise I would seek something more accurate .
 Purchased unit new in February 2009 . Looks nice and worked as expected - but for less than 2 years . Replaced batteries October 2010 for winter use . Batteries in outside unit failed about three months later in January 2011 . All batteries replaced with another brand . Then , after another 3 months , in April 2011 , batteries in outside unit again fail . Too expensive and troublesome replacing batteries every 3 months . Cost to purchase another outside transmitter is about 50 % of the cost of a new unit . Had this unit worked 5 years or more , I would have been happy with it . But , failure beginning at less than 2 years is `` not '' acceptable for a product like this .
 The numbers in the display did n't all work correctly , so the item was returned for a full refund . I purchased Weathertech model FX5000 , which has more features and a larger display . It works great .
 Purchased this for my little star wars fan as part of his bedroom remodel . Was very excited to find this particular pattern/graphics but when it arrived was very disappointed by the quality . The sheets and pillowcase were stiff and scratchy and we only use the comforter as a bedspread and only after I washed it in fabric softener 5 or six times . Would have been a great purchase if only the quality were better . Would not recommend !
 I bought the Galactic Heroes version of these sheets -LRB- also made by Dan River -RRB- for my toddler b/c they look so adorable , and they are . They 're vibrant . But when I first openened the package , I was disappointed to feel how uncomfortable they were.Naturally , I hoped that they would soften up after a few washes ... but after 5 washes , they still felt rough . And to add insult to injury , the elastic edge on the bottom sheet started to unravel and create a 4 inch hole.I 'm no expert on thread count when it comes to sheets , but I would guess that these are around 100 . The weave is so loose that you can see through the sheets and it reminds me of gauze.It 's a shame that they are of such poor quality b/c I really do love the pattern . I ended up just making curtains out of the sheets . .
 I was SO disappointed when I opened the package . The sheets are literally see through and as rough as burlap . Horrible quality material on the sheets . The comforter is nice . My son loves it . I am going to end up spending more money on solid colored sheets that are softer and more comfortable . I would NEVER sleep on sheets like this and do n't expect my child to . SO SAD because my son loves star wars so much . SHAME on whoever would manufacture such an uncomfortable product for children ! I have yet to wash the comforter ... I am afraid to . I DO NOT recommend this set to anyone unless you have another use for the sheets . It is not worth $ 60 by any means !
 I actually returned the product . My son was so excited the day it arrived I let him look at it but running my hand across the comforter , it actually felt like sandpaper . My son has sensitive skin , I would never let him sleep on something that feels that rough on my hand , I ca n't imagine it up against his face !!
 I bought this set for my son 's 6th birthday . I washed it and made his bed up with it for when he came home from school . I was apalled at the poor quality of the sheets . They are the absolute worst I have ever seen . They come out of the package like sandpaper and came out of the dryer the same way . After that first wash , the edges of the sheets were fraying and unraveling . The thread count is about 50 . The comforter is cute and he is thrilled but I ca n't make him sleep on the sheets . It would be cruel.I would not recommend anything from this company after spending $ 60 for this set .
 sheets are rough ; fade on 1st wash ; comforter rough ; fade on 1st wash ; do n't waste your money ; very LOW thread count
 We have one HUGE Star Wars fan and I was so excited to find this bed set for him . I am really sorry that they did such a poor job with the sheet set . I agree with the others that stated it is rough materials , it is VERY thin ... you can actually see through it . The positive is it is less expensive . Note you definitely get what you pay for ... or in this case you do NOT get it . Sorry they did n't take more pride in their product . It could have made some little boys VERY happy !!!!
 The Star Wars Lightsaer Duel Twin Comforter And Sheet Set ... I have gotten alot higher quality in a set at Kmart and for much less . I would not recommend this product to anyone . If my son was not soooo in to Star Wars , I would return it , but he assumes it came from Santa so I ca n't .
 I ordered this set for my son . The fabric felt rough . EVen after washing it a few times it never softened up . The fitted sheet also tore in the corner about a 4 inch tear when I was making the bed . Do not buy !
 The comforter has great colors and the lightsaber duel looks excellent . However , as many of the other reviewers noted , the materials used are lousy . As parents , we want things our children love , but we want them to be comfortable . These sheets are definitely not warm , cozy , and comfortable . I would prefer to pay a little extra for quality and comfort for my kids .
 Very cheaply made ! The sheets are stiff & thin . I even washed them to see if they would soften up , but NO ! I bought them because my son insisted on Star Wars . Otherwise , I would have sent them back . I will find other sheets to go with the comforter . The comforter is n't all the great either . Looks nice , but poorly made as well . If you child wants Star Wars , go to Sears or K-mart . They probably have better stuff .
 I was very dissapointed with this product . It looked great until it got washed . Even though I followed the washing instructions the beautiful vibrant colors still faded away with the first wash . Amazon 's service is excellent , the product was cheap and not worth the price .
 The sheets and comforter are very scratchy and super thin -- you can see through the sheet when you hold it up . Very cheaply made . Would not purchase again .
 I requested this set for my son for Christmas , despite the reviews I 'd read because I really did n't think anything could possibly be as bad as was described . I was wrong ! The sheets are honestly SO thin you can actually see through them when held to the light , actual objects , not just shapes ! They are very , very rough and do not appear to be softening . The images are beautiful and the colors very vibrant . We 'll see how it holds up to repeated washings -LRB- I 'm not hopeful ! -RRB- However , my Star Wars fanatic of a son LOVES this set and it 's well worth it to see him jump into his `` Jedi haven '' every night !
 When I unpacked this pitcher I was pleased with the look of it . That all changed when I filled it with tea . It is quite heavy and the handle is on the small side . The lid fits and seals as advertised . The thing I detest most about this pitcher is that while pouring and after you stop pouring , it runs down the outside of the pitcher . The only defense is to hold a paper towel under the pouring lip to catch the leaking fluid.I would not recommend this pitcher .
 The shape is good . Easy to store but the Lid is too loose . Had to hold the lid when pouring liquid
 I 'll keep this short . I 'm a grown man with grown man hands , and this handle was very tight against the base and short . Very uncomfortable to pour when full . You ca n't pour with the lid on . Liquid frequently ran down the side of the pitcher when it did pour due to the infinitesimal spout . And mine cracked within two days of putting tea into it to cool down in the fridge . I left the tea out for a good hour after it came to boil , so the liquid was warm but not excessively so . My cheap crappy $ 1 store pitchers can take it . But not this.I bought this pitcher to look nicer in my fridge for company , but nothing about this pitcher was fun for me . It 's bulk in my fridge for it 's size , tough to pour , and cracked where far cheaper pitchers held up . It is pretty though .
 I bought this pitcher at William & Sonoma because it was glass and had a top . I wanted to be able to shake up lemonade before pouring . The top -LRB- at least on the one they sold at William & Sonoma -RRB- does not do a good job of keeping in liquid . What 's worse , the pitcher 's tiny spout makes it very difficult to pour without spilling . It 's hard to believe that a simple pitcher could fall so short of my expectations , but this one has done just that .
 This pitcher was smaller than I anticipated . The handle is not a comfortable grip ; it 's like it is too short for the weight of the glass . The pouring spout stinks ; it does n't pour exactly where you want . The lid is a very nice feature and I wish other glass pitchers had lids like this .
 The lid did not seal - it was a waste of money and I threw it out rather than go through the hassle of returning it . The 1 litre bottle was only slightly better .
 Mine slipped in the sink during hand washing and broke , 5 days after the one-month returnable window.Otherwise , it was a good product although a bit too heavy for my 80 year old mom to lift .
 After exactly one month of using this jug a bottom corner chunk of glass chipped off and now it leaks from the bottom .
 It fulfills its basic function of a lidded , airtight glass container but the design is absolutely ridiculous . The handle is absolutely the opposite of ergonomic -LRB- unless you have tiny hands -RRB- and the lid is a marvel of opaque function . Lots of reviews discussing how impossible the lid is to operate but these folks must not be very bright . The lid is simple to operate , just non-obvious . Even so , the lid operation design is terribly overwrought . I could think of a press button mechanism that would be much simpler -LRB- probably used on some Tupperware jugs -RRB- . In summary , it 's a work of art in some Italian designer 's eye , just not very useful .
 Why pay $ 18 when you can get the SAME THING for $ 11.75 on Amazon titled `` Frigoverre by Bormioli Rocco '' -- SAME SIZE TOO . Beware of the warnings by others about the handle and lousy plastic top that does n't work well ; they 're right .
 I bought one of these . The problem with the pitcher is in the DESIGN . If you have large hands , like me , you 'll find it VERY , VERY difficult to simply grasp the handle !!! I threw mine out and bought a different pitcher , by a different company . Why ANYONE would design and then manufacture a handle like the one employed here is BEYOND ME . -LRB- That 's a teeny , tiny space between the handle and the pitcher itself . -RRB-
 It takes some patience and care to pour with this pitcher , without ending up with some spills on the table.However , my wife seems like this pitcher -LRB- mostly because it 's glass -RRB- . I found that if you hold the cup on one hand , pitcher on the other , and hold the cup up so the rim is touching the the pitcher below the lip , with the pitcher touching the rim of the cup , pour slowly and lift gently when finish , then it might not spill . Oh , keep a towel ready too . : - -RRB- Oh , it 's on the heavy side too especially when filled with water .
 I poured hot water -LRB- not boiling , hot -RRB- into the warm pitcher , and the damn thing broke into pieces . When I grabbed the handle to clear some of the mess , the top of the pitcher broke off , leaving the bottom lying in a puddle of hot water and glass shards . A complete waste . Not sure what all the super fans are doing differently , but a pitcher with such good reviews should be able to handle the iced tea process . The $ 5 pitcher I was trying to replace held up better . Since I ca n't put no stars , let 's say the one star is for the shape . It 's nice .
 I bought this pitcher 4 years ago . It worked like a dream . I tend to make hot tea and at the time on a gas stove . Little did I know that on an electric stove I would have this problem but when I make tea , the temperature is so hot that it shatters the glass . I bought another one and the same thing happened this morning . Low temps it works great , higher temps it breaks be warned .
 DANGER ! Unsafe product -- do not use with hot liquids ! I wanted to make iced tea so I took this pitcher off the shelf , put some tea bags in , and poured in hot water -LRB- to brew , and then cool down and ice later -RRB- . The pitcher literally exploded spilling 42 or 50 ounces or whatever it is of boiling water all over my legs and feet . As it was a hot day , I was in shorts and no shoes , so it all went straight to skin . I got a significant burn on my right leg , the tops of both feet and a small burn on my left leg . Zero stars -- unsafe product , definitely not recommended .
 This is not a product made to handle sudden temperature changes . The glass is not safe for making tea . I have been using it for less than one week for tea , meaning , boil water put tea bags into pitcher , with spoon , pour in water , brew . This morning doing the same thing until it exploded shattering glass and pouring 1.7 liters of boiling water into my stovetop . Well , this wo n't work for my purposes .
 This is so small . You can only get 3 full glasses of water out of this . Save your money and get a bigger one !
 This pitcher is handsome and heavy glass but the lid does not seal effectively , while pouring even in the pour position the seal is so loose that the liquid spills out and gets on the floor the clothes of the pouree . I tried on 3 occasion to adjust the seal to pour with the same result.I gave up , I seal while in refrig , -LRB- still not a tight seal -RRB- but OK fro refrig storage , certainly if it toppled int he refrig there would be liquid all over the place while in the sealed position-and when I pour I take the lid all the way off
 When I read the reviews for this product , I was skeptical of the people who criticized the lid . But , it really is annoying to the point that I do n't use the pitcher anymore . We figured out how it works - it is tricky because you kind of have to hold the outside ring of the lid in place while you turn the inside . I do n't have a problem getting a tight seal -LRB- except that it can be hard to push in -RRB- , but I struggle with getting it open . I still ca n't figure out if you 're supposed to be able to pour with the lid on -LRB- obviously after opening the spout part of it -RRB- or if the lid has to come completely off in order to pour things . It seems to work differently every time we use it . If you tend to have issues with opening things -LRB- like pickle jars -RRB- , this is definitely not for you . All things considered , while I can make this pitcher work , it really should n't be this difficult , so I am going to get rid of it and buy a new pitcher that I like better .
 Our pitcher arrived unscathed , however we were never able to pour with the lid on . We tried everything and were only able to pour with the lid removed . A few days after purchase and the lid broke the plastic handle snapped right off and will not turn anymore . Nice glass pitcher ... terrible lid . Very disappointed . Not the usual high quality We have come to expect with our Amazon purchases .
 Looks nice . I like the square shaped base . However , the lid does not fit . It 's supposed to increase in diameter when twisted so that the rubber seal will push tightly around the mouth , but even at the widest setting it doesnt come close to fitting properly . So the lid is basically useless except for keeping bugs out .
 Glass appears ok , have n't tried it with hot water yet . However , the capacity listed at 78.2 oz is MIS-LEADING . Only 72oz can be placed into this jug . And , that volume brings the water to the bottom of the lid . I 'm tired of company 's ripping off consumers with false descriptions , they should n't be allowed on amazon , let 'em go over to ebay to sell their junk . Also , the handle is very close , narrow fingers might be needed to hold the pitcher , just before you return it!If you 're looking for a true pitcher , capable of 78oz + capacity , look elsewhere .
 it does n't pour properly , and it does n't seal properly ... the only 2 reasons i bought an italian overpriced pitcher . if these are the basic requirements you have of a pitcher , then do n't buy this one . save your money and buy anchor hocking . i 'm now using all frigoverre pitchers for dry goods storage only . i 'm also disappointed about my frigoverre food storage pieces -- you ca n't use them in the oven ! pyrex and anchor hocking are WAY better quality , way better lids , and MADE IN USA .
 It 's heavy with thick glass and an unwieldy handle , but what is truly remarkable is the lid . The lid is * hideous * . I uploaded a photo of it . They had the gall to call this plastic eyesore a `` frosted lid . '' The o-ring also comes covered in grease with questionable brown smudges on it . I 'm throwing the lid into the garbage . The pitcher itself is only slightly ugly , so I 'm going to live with it , but I 'm not remotely pleased .
 My order was fulfilled by Westview Traders . Unfortunately I can not find any contact info for them because I would have liked to have given them a chance to correct my order . This pitcher arrived in a hundred broken glass pieces because it was not properly packaged . I 'm having to ship it back to Amazon now in order to get a refund . I would have been happy with just a replacement but the option was n't available for me since my order was originally fulfilled by Westview Traders . From all the other reviews , I honestly think this pitcher would have been great . Just do n't buy it if it 's being offered by Westview Traders .
 This pitcher broke when I tried to make iced tea in it . I poured boiling water in it and the bottom and side split . It was very disappointing , I thought for sure it could handle boiled water to make iced - tea .
 The pitcher is small , I overlooked the fact that it was 2 litres not 2 quarts . The handle is very close to the body of the pitcher . You literally have to pour with your finger tips .
 I bought these containers because I buy the 3 liter bottles of soda from the dollar store and the bottles are so big they do n't fit in my fridge . These bottles do not keep the carbonation in the soda . I was very disappointed and now it is past the time I have to return the products on amazon . These are fine as just glass pitchers if you want to put water in them or something but do n't work for soda or other things where you really need a tight seal .
 I used this to make ice tea . Not a good idea ! I had 2 of them and they both blew up when adding hot water . I would never use this to store anything that is even warm .
 Glass needs to be properly tempered , which helps protect it from breakage , including when using it with hot or cold temperatures . From reading more of the reviews it appears that many people found that this product is not tempered well -- breaking all the time . And I should have read these.Instead when I opened the package , I got cut three times from a shard of glass , about the size of half a penny , that was hanging off the spout . Painful , but I thought it was just a left over piece of glass from the mold . But it turns out it was a piece that had pulled away from the spout leaving sharp edges . Yikes.Amazon came through and refunded me , but I wo n't buy from this manufacturer again , which is too bad since I was thinking of getting more jugs in this and other sizes .
 I loved this pitcher for its size -LRB- I bought the big one -- 77-3/4 ounce -RRB- and its watertight lid . The lid was terrific -- its design made it possible to mix liquid ingredients by shaking the pitcher . It never leaked when it was tilted or accidentally tipped over . It truly was watertight.For a little more than a month , I used it happily to make iced tea with no problems . Today , however , when I poured in the hot water , the pitcher at first cracked alarmingly at the bottom , and when I hurried over to the sink , the whole bottom fell off , spilling hot water and shards of glass everywhere.Thus ended the career of what I had hoped to be my life-long favorite pitcher.The product information says nothing about the glass being tempered , and perhaps it was my mistake in assuming it was safe . But the manufacturer of such a pitcher could reasonably foresee that it would be used to make iced tea . And I certainly never doubted for a moment that I COULD use it for making iced tea!So , Iced Tea Makers , beware this pitcher!Sadly disappointed , Felicia Rose Levitt -- author of `` The Road to Aradell . ''
 I purchased this pitcher -LRB- the smaller version , not the 773/4 ounce -RRB- in late 2010 . It worked well until today . When making ice tea -LRB- just like in the picture ... -RRB- I poured in the hot water . It the LITERALLY EXPLODED . I was left with the top portion of the the tea pitcher in my hand . My leg was drenched in 48 ozs of SCALDING water . My leg is burned . If it 's not for ice tea then they should not advertise it for ice tea.I am going to follow up on this product to make sure nobody else is injured in the future . I will see what Bigkitchen 's response is . If I could give this ZERO or NEGATIVE stars I would . You are WARNED . THIS IS DANGEROUS.Update from above post . OK , this is dissappointing . To be clear , the pitcher was at ROOM TEMPERATURE when I addes the hot water and tea . It then exploded . I contacted bigkitchen , the company I purchased it from to warn them of the potential dangerous flaw . I neither asked for a refund or anything else . They told me it was `` user error '' because of the `` thermal change '' . It is not tempered glass . It is not designed to contain ice tea . ... Look at the picture in the advertisement . How do they advertise it ? ... with ice tea.The response ticked me off . They expressed `` concern '' but were not worried about other people getting injured in the future because of how they advertised this product . My pupose in this post and in contacting the company was so nobody else -LRB- for example , a little kid getting injured from the flying shards of glass or hot water -RRB- gets hurt . I 'm now motivated by the lack of concern and will report this product to the Consumer Prolduct Safety Commission and other national and local agencies .
 I loved this pitcher when it arrived
 When I saw this product , I was ecstatic . Finally a big GLASS pitcher with a lid ! When I got it , I immediately made fresh lemonade . I poured . Lemonade spilled all over my linen tablecloth . Hmm . Just carelessness ? I tried again . Spilled again . It turns out the shape of the pitcher 's lip is just not suited for POURING . Go figure . Now I use it to store grains and beans -- DRIED stuff .
 I purchased this for my husband for christmas along with a high power juicer . I wrapped it up and put it under the tree without inspecting it much . I sure with I had . The glass part of the jug is great but the lid does not work . You are supposed to turn it and the rubber gasket moves to `` close '' and `` open '' . The one I got stay open no matter which way it is turned so the lid just lays on top and does not seal . Very disappointed that I ca n't return it because it has been over 30 days since purchase and my husband opening it for Christmas . Will not purchase this brand again .
 I bought two pitchers from amazon , this guy is the big loser . This is n't as complicated to use as everyone claims , and mine DID come with instructions . The problem is , the lid was n't well designed , it does n't work super well -LRB- especially when the rubber ring gets cold in the fridge -RRB- . I like the shape , but sadly , I found this guy leaked on me fairly often . Not my fave .
 I love everything about this pitcher except for the lid , which kind of ruins everything else . I like how it looks , I like the thick glass , I 'm fine with the handle . THE LID
 Jug is nice , heavy glass . Like the jug . Unfortunately I wanted one with lid , and this lid does not fit . Nice jar , cheap lid .
 Now that I bought it and it arrived it clearly looks very small . And I noticed someone posted a label that says two liter aka 66 oz -LRB- although it seems smaller to me -RRB- . So if you want this in 66 oz buy it it seems ok but if you want a 781/2 oz do not buy this product and look elsewhere . Best . I just wish I had though the pic below before so I would not have the hassle of a return.http : / / www.amazon.com/gp/customer-media/product-gallery/B0000DE9B5/ref=cm_ciu_pdp_images_2?ie=UTF8&index;=2
 This pitcher was great . My wife and I used it for brewing green tea . Note , however the key word `` used . '' The bottom cracked off cleanly after about 3 months . I did n't pay for that .
 I have a smaller sized one that works great for the kids to be able to pour their own milk . I wanted to get this larger size for iced tea . Unfortunately it arrived shattered in the box not once , but twice . I give up .
 I bought the 2L glass pitcher . Ca n't pick up by handle because fingers wo n't fit behind handle . On first use , the hermetic lid fell apart into three pieces . Have to remove lid to pour contents.Bormioli Rocco Frigoverre Jug with Hermetic Lid , 2-LitersDon ' t purchase it !
 I ordered 2 pitchers in January and they arrived right on time . They were great for the first 2 months , then BOTH of them cracked within 2 weeks of each other . I enjoyed using them , but after both of them cracked I would not recommend purchasing these .
 Smaller than I thought it would be - short and squatty . Pitcher spills EVERYTIME you pour when over half full , and top will not seal , just sits on top and wo n't even let you pour around it , you have to remove it to pour from the pitcher .
 I had to send this back as it arrived broken and could not be replaced according to the seller . Return was easy . They did not package this correctly . Had no popcorn in it just a little bubble wrap around pitcher and it rolled around loose in box it was shipped in . I really wanted this but was n't willing to reorder after seeing that they did not package correctly to see that it arrived safely .
 I love the size and amount it holds . However , on only 3rd use , when I poured boiled water in it to make tea , it cracked . Not sure if I was not supposed to do this . Anyone ??
 Wrap a large glass bottle in one layer of bubble wrap , and toss it into a too-large carton with no other protection . The result is predictable
 Updated 11/8/12 : Down from 5 stars to 2 . Like so many other people , I experienced the heat issue . You get cocky and think it 's held up to this and that , you can pour some tea into it to make iced tea . So I made some tea in a mug and then wanted to pour that tea into this jug , add ice , and have iced tea . Same experience as everyone else who talks about it ... CRACK ... the bottom cracked right off and the liquid spilled all over.I know , I know , I know that it does n't say it 's good for hot liquids . But it 's a thick glass jug in your kitchen and cabinet . One day you 're going to think ... `` oh , iced tea '' ... You 'll get careless or cocky and pour a hot liquid into it , if only to make that iced tea or coffee which is ultimately cold anyway.This would be such a nice jug if they just tempered the glass . You know not to pour coffee into a wine glass ... I 'm not saying everyone has to accommodate people being stupid . But this jug looks and feels like one that can handle you pouring ice and a hot mug of tea into it . It has that feel and look . Do you really want to always have to remember ... to warn guests ... `` Do n't use that jar for anything hot or it will crack apart in your hands '' ? Even if you remember always and are ok with it , maybe someone else might use your kitchen ? It 's so completely not obvious . If you want a jug like this , get one that 's more all purpose . ---------- This jug has a classic look to it . But it 's clearly a jug and not a dainty pitcher . It 's also a bit smaller than I imagined dimension wise , but it does hold that 77 ounces.The glass is heavy and thick . The seal works very well and does not leak at all . The jug is sturdy and will not easily cracky or chip.I have been using it for cool liquids , although I have wandered into hot liquid territory when I 've filled it with ice and poured espresso over the ice to create a jug of iced americano . It held up perfectly fine to that.Another main use I have for it is adding mint leaves and some cherries to lemonade . Seal that , but in the fridge for 2 days , and you 've got a really refreshing drink where the flavors have really permeated - much better than if the jug did n't have that tight seal . Because of the 77 ounce size , it easily lends itself to being a good container for any 64-ounce carton of juice + ice or whatever fresh fruit you want to add.Overall , size is perfect . Aesthetic is nice IF you realize it 's a jug and not an elegant pitcher . Sturdiness and usefulness is A + . I would consider buying a second one .
 This comforter was a Christmas gift for my son and he could n't be happier with it . However I am very disappointed in the quality of the fabric used to manufacter the comforter . It is very scratchy and uncomfortable against the skin despite having been washed 3 times . I would not recommend this product and feel that it was overpriced for the quality of the fabric.I did give the product two stars however , as my son loves it .
 I bought this toaster because I was impressed with the performance of a Cuisinart `` Commercial '' toaster in a motel breakfast room . I like toast to be toasted , not warmed , and at first , this toaster really performed . But now , one year later , this toaster is just tepidly warming the bread . It 's on its way to the charity bin , sadly .
 Very dissapointed with the refurb . The knob on the front has a very cheap feel , and spins loosely . I ended up returning the product because regardelss of setting , it would completely burn the toast , probably a defect due to being a refurb . Would not take the chance again .
 If it did n't cost more to ship it than it 's actually worth , I 'd send it back and get the regular 1 cup measuring cup . This thing dribbles like crazy . They should try and renovate the spout with the larger capacity cup . It 's so small in relation to the enormity of the cup , and I could n't stop it from dribbling while I was pouring . I loved the 1 cup pyrex . This would be great too if it did n't pour all over the counter .
 We bought four of these measuring cups and are really disappointed that all four had chips or cracks . In the past , we have always loved Pyrex cups , but the ones we bought from Amazon all have defects
 The sheets and comforter in this set are very scratchy and stiff and you can see right through the sheets . I would not recommend the set , very poor quality . I do n't even use the sheets on my son 's bed because they seem so uncomfortable .
 It is a great looking set . My grandson loves it , however , he slept over last night , first time since I bought it , and he would not sleep on the sheets . He said they were stiff and scratchy . He was n't to happy with the feel of the comforter either . I had washed both and used Downey ... and I will try again . If this does not help , then I am out $ 50 + because he can not sleep on them . I will look for a new set , but this itme I will buy from a store ... so I can feel the fabric . WHY would a company make such a nice product out of inferior material ?? Maybe you should consider not selling products from this maufacturer . Thank you .
 I wish I had paid more attention to other reviews . We wo n't even use the sheets on my son 's bed because they are such poor quality . They are hard and scratchy . Had I not washed everything first , I would have returned it . Also , it looks as if the seams on the pillow case are pulling apart and to make it more obvious , they used white thread on black material .
 I should have paid attention to the other comments regarding delivery of this item . I ordered this item on 12/6/07 as a gift for some very special out of area friends . I was just informed today 12/18/07 that this item will not be shipped until after 1/7/07 !! What took them so long to figure this out I do not comprehend . Also , I paid for part of it with an Amazon ` earned coupon ' which I disgarded after I used it so do n't know how I would ever get that back . As a result I will just have to wait until the holidays are over for these folks to receive their gift . What a HUGE disappointment !! So -- ca n't even comment on the product or quality as I have no idea when it will finally arrive .
 I attempted to order this as a Christmas Gift for a friend starting in November 2006 . Over the next three months my order was delayed with no good reason given . Promised ship dates were extended by weeks . Finally in February I was told that the order would never be processed . I was never so embarrassed and would never use this provider for any future orders .
 Supposed to be an exact replacement - it fit my under sink filter unit , but unlike the filter elements I had used before , it reduced the water flow by about 2/3s .
 GE updated this filter at least three years ago so beware that this seller is shipping an old version of this filter . It would be helpful if the seller was up front with this information so the customer can decide if they are OK with an older model . The current version is FXULC -LRB- ver . 2 -RRB- . GE did n't help the situation by using the same part number -- with the `` ver . 2 '' added afterwards . So if you want the latest version of this filter then purchase it elsewhere .
 I was disappointed to find out that thisdoes n't really `` clip '' to the bowl edge.It has a notch/groove that is supposedto snap over the edge . All my bowlshave lips on them , so when I try toput ` Yolky ' on the bowl it sits at amajor slant -LRB- making it useless -RRB- . With shipping costs the price was overseven dollars . Unless your really intocute , I 'd pass on this item .
 These are darling ! ... BUT none of my eggs `` fit '' into three of the cups ... have tried Large , EXTRA Large , and Jumbo ... all sink down into cup holder ... so have to put scrunched up napkin in bottom to hold egg up . Strangest thing is one of the cup holders is OK ... but other three are HUGE . Guess they need to work on their quality control !
 The cups hold the egg securely , it 's not likely to fall out even with a child handling it . They hold the egg so well infact , getting the shells out of the holder is a pain . The spoons are too blunt to really pierce the egg with . They just make a big mess . I threw the spoons out .
 This product was horrible . I ordered a queen size and expected a huge box to arrive carrying such . However , it was so small that a pair of shoes could have fit in it . When I took the featherbed out of the box , it was terribly thin . I currently have a featherbed and it is nice and fluffy . This item unfortunately felt as though I was simply lying on a blanket .
 Ok , I havent used it yet . But really disappointed with the look of it.I wanted to buy something like a centerpiece on the table.The color is also not uniform . I thought this was a bright red one . But its now . It has this small black dots all over which are not even uniform and looks ugly .
 Picture shows valance , do not be misled , there is no valance in package . Quality not so good -- rather thin , but grandson loves star wars & he is happy . You will have to purchase valance separately -- not worth the money .
 The table arrived in separate boxes well packed . All parts were there . This is a solid table ; the legs are quite thick , and of a single piece of wood , much like a tapered 3x3 . You do need two to put it together , and although the instructions are a bit vague , it is quite easy . Heavy and solid when together . So far , five stars.The trouble is with the quality of the top and the shelving . The top had a repaired crack in it , about three inches long from one side , and almost through the table . The finish , which is supposed to be only slightly matt in appearance , actually looked as if someone had wiped the top down with a dirty dish rag and left it to dry . There was a streaky film all over the top that did not wipe off -- it is the finish itself , so it will have to be sanded and resealed to get rid of it . Additionally , whoever put the varnish on did so against , not with , the flow of the grain of the wood . Overall , a very unprofessional job.We also had two shelves included with ours , and on one of the shelves the slat was warped . Again , a real quality control problem for Boos . Given the price one has to pay for these tables , I expect full quality ; it is not what you get . Or at least it was not what we got . The company we purchased from charges 25 % to 50 % for a restocking fee , and by the time you figure in the shipping back it just was n't worth doing it.I have to say we are disappointed in our John Boos ; they promised a lot , and we only wish they had delivered .
 The table arrived in separate boxes well packed . All parts were there . This is a solid table ; the legs are quite thick , and of a single piece of wood , much like a tapered 3x3 . You do need two to put it together , and although the instructions are a bit vague , it is quite easy . Heavy and solid when together . So far , five stars.The trouble is with the quality of the top and the shelving . The top had a repaired crack in it , about three inches long from one side , and almost through the table . The finish , which is supposed to be only slightly matt in appearance , actually looked as if someone had wiped the top down with a dirty dish rag and left it to dry . There was a streaky film all over the top that did not wipe off -- it is the finish itself , so it will have to be sanded and resealed to get rid of it . Additionally , whoever put the varnish on did so against , not with , the flow of the grain of the wood . Overall , a very unprofessional job.We also had two shelves included with ours , and on one of the shelves the slat was warped . Again , a real quality control problem for Boos . Given the price one has to pay for these tables , I expect full quality ; it is not what you get . Or at least it was not what we got . The company we purchased from charges 25 % to 50 % for a restocking fee , and by the time you figure in the shipping back it just was n't worth doing it.I have to say we are disappointed in our John Boos ; they promised a lot , and we only wish they had delivered .
 I was sorely disappointed ! I ordered a red mixing bowl to match my decor and I got a pukey green one instead , without an explanation as to why I got it . The dealer did n't even say she was substituting nor did the invoice indicate anything like that .
 I have enjoyed past large mixing bowls from Tupperware , but this one has a very poor seal on it , and thus vegetable salads do n't keep well ... I am quite disappointed in it and am trying to think of another way to keep my salads fresh . I would not recommend it .
 We had one of these bowls last year , but destroyed it in a highly embarrasing oven accident . We ordered a new one and were surprised to discover that the lid does not actually fit on the bowl
 I used to love Tupperware . The last bowl I received was through a school fund raiser a few years back -LRB- 24 cup bowl -RRB- . The lid not fit and with it being fundraiser material , I did not return it . It is a real nice size for baking anyway . Well here I am several years later and I just bought this 32 cup big bowl , lo and behold , the lid does not fit !!! What were the odds !! Now I have to mail it back to amazon and I will never make another tupperware purchase again .
 I gave two bowls as gifts , and I did not know about the covers not fitting until my recipients told me many months later -- too late to send them back . I am looking for two properly fitting covers , but no luck .
 the lid never fit the bowl ... contacted Tupperware , just like the other review said - they tell you to put it in hot water - but as soon as the lid cools it pops right off . USELESS
 the advertising for this product was very misleading . There was only 1 pan in an order ... Not 5 as the picture shows . Seriously , who would pay 6.99 for one 2 '' pan ? NOT ME !
 I was extremely disappointed when I received only a quantity of one . I think the add was misleading . And it is too much trouble to try and return it .
 So , I was all psyched to get my 4inch 10-Flute Brioche Mold . When I opened the bag , 1 ! I mean ... shipping weight says 1 lb . Hmm . Who sells 1 tiny mold these days .
 First things first , I wanted to change my stars from 2 to 4 but Amazon 's edit facility does n't allow for this so please ignore the two star rating above.I gave it four stars because of this scale 's one major problem . That is stability . It has a nice wide platform when viewed from the top . But when you step on it you will find that the base legs are not placed at the corners , but instead are inset about an inch . So if you are not completely centered on the platform it could tip you right off of it.The readings are accurate and consistent if you get a properly working scale.The first one shipped to me was not accurate at all , thus my original two star rating . It would only read up to about 262 pounds . I sent it back and received a new unit in a couple of days.The new unit is right on as far as accuracy . The readings are repeatable if you weigh yourself multiple times and I have checked the results against other scales I possess and the readings agree . The very large digital numbers are quite easily seen without having to bend over or even put my glasses on.For the price , you ca n't beat it . It is sleek looking and the brushed steel and black finish blends well with most decors.Unfortunately for me , the resulting weight reading means I need to go on a diet immediately : - -LRB-
 Single use scale . Once the initial battery in this scale dies , you can not use the scale again . We bought replacement batteries , yet the scale does not work . It is a cheap , Chinese-made piece of junk . Do not waste your money on this cheap inferior product .
 Beware ! although the information on the sale site clearly states that the product is great for campfires when I received the popper there was a large type sticker on the box stating `` For Decoration Only - Not For Actual Use '' . I will be returning this item .
 Claimed to take out Chlorine odor ... not ! I bought a set of 2 . Installed . ran the filter for 15 minutes or so . Tested the water . It taste terrible . Added some CL2 test powder . Loaded with residual chlorine . Good thing i did n't use it for my aquarium water change . Took it out a tossed it . Now still have a new one and could n't even give it away . Lesson I learned . For stuff like this , do n't order online . Not even worth the hassle of returning it . No . Not recommended .
 They 're nice looking molds , the only problem is that they 're not easy to slip out ! If I make my own ice pops , I have to let them thaw for awhile before I can enjoy an ice pop and when I 'm on the go , it 's a tad annoying . Other than that nit picking matter , they seem nice . Just be careful of your fingers on the metal top .
 I was really looking forward to this product . After attempting to use it to make pudding pops , icecream pops , koolaide pops , etc , I have finally decided that they do n't work . The popsickle does not come out of the plastic container . I called the company that makes them and they did not have any suggestion as to how to make these work . They told me to return them to the company that I bought them from . Well , my husband threw away all the information because he was frustrated so now I have these plastic things that are worthless . I do n't recommend these to anyone . If the company would like to contact me and do the honest thing and let me know either now to make them work or how I can get my money back , it would be nice . I am sure this wo n't happen . I guess this is the way you learn your lessons the hard way in this world . What a rip off !
 There is nothing easy about using this product . The sticks which came with our set were much smaller than the slot for them , so they float up out of the slots at strange angles . You have to let the icepops partially freeze -LRB- about 1/2 hour -RRB- , then remeber to jam the sticks in . Also , the only way to get the pops out is to run hot water on the mold , which defeats the purpose of having a nice icy pop . There must be a better product out there .
 Amazon says that this product is Made in USA , but it is n't , according to the package that showed up . If USA-made is important to you like it is to me , you 'll want to pass on this one .
 When I received this order it says on the box made on Taiwan . I called NORPRO and they said its made in Taiwan so FALSE ADVERTISING ! I am returing this item !
 Oh yes it is a very wonderful way to make your own flavors with juice , etc. . TRY TO GET JUST ONE POPSICLE OUT WITHOUT MELTING OTHERS OR HAVING OTHERS FALL OUT !!! Before you buy anything - think about it !!!
 I have not used this product yet , but am unhappy with my initial impressions . I bought this product because the information on the Amazon website said it was made in the USA . Imagine my surprise when I opened the package and the product was stamped `` Made in Taiwan '' . As all the popsicle makers on the Amazon website seem to be made in China , I will gain nothing by returning my order . I am very disappointed by the inaccurate information about my purchase and will consider buying from brick and mortar stores in the future where I can see for myself where a product was made . It is very important to me to be able to buy US made products whenever possible .
 I purchased this recently . My first use of it pretty much outlined all the flaws . The individual molds should be able to be removed from the holder . This would make removal so much easier . The metal lid with the holes to hold up the sticks fits way too tightly . The sticks fit so tight in the holes that it is quite difficult to get the lid on and off . Also , while we are on sticks ... ok , nostalgia is great , but wooden sticks ? Really ? How about plastic ? Or even metal ? Something reusable ? Personally , I have always hated the feel of the wood in my mouth when finishing a Popsicle . Certainly a personal issue , but I am sure there are others that understand what I am saying . Another issue is the size and shape of the molds . If you are trying to put a thicker liquid in them , this can get quite messy . A very narrow opening . If you are using straight juice , no worries . But if you are using something with lots of fruit in it , well . . it takes a bit.It all just boils down to this . . Poor Design . Making popsicles should not be difficult . I will be looking for a better one .
 The norpro ice pop maker is the most NON-user friendly purchase I have ever made . Nothing about it works well - it 's actually going in the garbage can .
 It 's really a lot easier to make pops if we use individual molds . The fact that these share a bottom makes it hard to get out just one or two pops at once . I recommend Tovolo or Cuisipro popsicle molds because they are stand-alone .
 I am writing this review before having even used the product . I kind of wanted to get this review out there ASAP . Product arrived . I went to open it to wash it before putting it in the cupboard ... and within 3 seconds of unpacking it from the box I cut my finger pretty badly . The slots on the ` lid ' -LRB- where the sticks go through -RRB- is very sharp aluminum . Knowing this , as an adult you will probably be fine using it . However , it 's popsicles and most of us will enlist children to help . So beware of this part . Note -- the metal on the popsicle mold side is not sharp .
 The popsicles that come from this are great shape and size . The trouble is when the sticks shift and are going in different directions , the lid wo n't come off . The sticks kind of lock the metal lid in place . This may be better with wider sticks that wo n't tilt in the slot during freezing process .
 Just dont try to get the pops out after , the plastic mold does n't release from the metal tray . Unless you plan to remove all pops by placing the entire mold in a container of hot water .
 I wanted to start making my own fruit pops since I have a great juicer . The molds are nice . Getting the sticks in requires using metal binder clips to keep the sticks from sinking into the mold before freezing . So if you buy this product make sure you have an equal number of binder clips . The binder clip situation did n't bother me too much , however , trying to get the molds out did . What you don 's see in this picture is that under the blue top , there is a thick sliver metal plat that the molds rest in . Trying to pop the molds out of the metal plate is a whole other store . It 's a fight trying to get the molds to pop up with the sticks . It 's not an easy task at all . I do not recommend this product . In fact , I will be looking for new molds myself . I will probably donate this product to the Goodwill and hope I do n't cause any poor soul to curse .
 There are other kits in Amazon that do a far better job . I would void purchasing this one , although for the money you wo n't go broke .
 I like the Donvier molds better . This has a steel plate on top with holes for the sticks . Unfortunately , the sticks sink or float to the side because the holes are too big . You have to hold the mold under warm water for about 10 seconds to get a frozen pop out of the mold .
 Watch out ! The metal in this mold is made of brushed aluminum -- which is n't dishwasher safe!My husband gave me this popsicle mold for my birthday , and I was thrilled . The first set of popsicles were just fabulous -- I did n't have any problems with getting the lid on or off , and the treats popped right out after running the mold under some warm water . We stored the popsicles in plastic baggies for later consumption and then put the mold and its lid in the dishwasher to be cleaned.I was completely dismayed when it came out -- the metal had darkened , with strange streaks and discoloration all over . Hopefully we wo n't end up with metallic residue on our next batch of popsicles.There is no indication on the product 's packaging that it needs to be hand-washed , but I guess it does.Otherwise , a great product , but buyer beware .
 This popsicle form is pretty much useless -- > Impossible to get the popsicles to stand straight -LRB- and thus be able to take the top off to get at the popsicles -RRB- without constant babying . > What family eats 10 popsicles at a time ? Must take the top off all of them to get out just one popsicle . Then what about the other eight or nine?I do love the traditional shape and read both the positive/negative reviews before purchasing . But this one 's a bust . I 've purchased another that better suits my needs elsewhere - it 's not sold on Amazon .
 The metal on the top of this popsicle holder rubs off . It is terrible ! I ca n't imagine it being heathy eating metal . What a waste of money !
 With really small , tight holes , what seems like a fun and simple product turns into a complicated nightmare . This is not for use with regular popsicle sticks . Now I have to find some skinny designer sticks so that I can keep using this product ? Lame .
 We got this because my husband though that it would work in spite of some of the negative reviews . The popsicle sticks have to be perfectly straight or you ca n't get the lid off - and the sticks move and pop up while the liquid is thawed . WE tried once and are ready to throw it away . It was a total waste of money .
 I would NOT recommend buying this product . The sticks were too hard to get through the lid and impossible to get out when frozen . I wish the individual molds came out !! Makes me wish I had listened to the bad reviews of this product and bought something better . Sad . If I could give this zero stars I would have .
 THIS PRODUCT IS NOT MADE IN THE USA LIKE IT SAYS , IT ALSO SAYS NO WHERE ON THE PACKAGE THAT ITS BPA FREE PLASTIC , IT SAYS MADE IN TAIWAN ... . IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A PRODUCT THAT IS MADE OUT OF SAFE PLASTIC THIS IS NOT FOR YOU .
 messy , hard to pop out the popsicles -LRB- that is if you can even maneuver the metal mold off the base -RRB- ... disappointing
 I put my mold in the dishwasher and the metal parts turned black-ish and ashy . I guess I should have checked , but now it looks permanently crappy .
 I have used it 3 times and each time I spend 15-20 minutes trying to take off the lid . I tried using less juice with same results . And the sticks do n't fit right , they are either too small or too big . There were no instructions at all .
 This thing is a pain in the butt . The metal tray that goes on top is very hard to lift off once the pop sickles are frozen . The problem is , the sticks continuously get wedged in the holes in the tray . I would n't buy another one like this .
 I am extremely disappointed in this popsicle maker . Whatever factory made this thing failed to make the holes big enough for the wooden sticks ! I paid a lot for this thing .
 Once they are frozen , it is a fight to get them out without wetting the container , and then what does one do with them after they are all loose ? AND , if you try to leave them in the container to refreeze after you take out the one you wanted , then just try to get that stupid top back on ... Grrrrr ! And if you do manage to get it on , it falls off anyway ! Grrrrrr . .
 The tolerances on stock wooden sticks just are n't tight enough to expect an easy fit with every stick . Some slid in too easily and did n't stay put . Others could n't be pushed in . Worse , some could n't be removed after freezing without breaking the stick . They need a better system for holding the sticks or offer custom sticks . The pops looked nice though .
 Re product received on July 11 , 2012 : There are many reviews here about popsicle sticks fitting loosely in the top and floating up during the freezing process . The manufacturer must have tried to correct this problem by making the holes more narrow . Now the problem is that the holes are so narrow that many of the popsicle sticks that CAME IN THE BOX with the product do not fit !! I discarded several that could not fit , and was able to finally get some in , but it took a lot of effort.It was also something of a struggle to get the top off once the pops were frozen . That said , once the pops were finally out -LRB- run some hot water over the molds for 10 seconds or so -RRB- , they turned out very well.The good thing about this mold is the portion size -- each pop is about 3 oz. , which is a nice size , in my view .
 When i received the product here at my address i had to ship it to our son in kentucky for our GrandDaughter.He opened it up and found there was no screws to put it together and it had dings and marks all on the wood from not being wrapped good for shipping purposes.I am sorry but we are very disappointedDavid Gagnon
 I would never recommend this spice rack . The bottles do not sit flat or straight in the rack . The majority are crooked , to the point of where some caused trouble closing the drawer . Even though we have all the spices in the labeled bottles , we are totally going to send this rotten purchase back .
 Product is okay . Tops are very cheap , do n't fit well . Labels were not included with product , description states labels are included . I have n't put them through dishwasher yet , but as low quality as they feel , I worry there will likely be issues with rust . Would not recommend . Spend a few more dollars for higher quality product .
 as far as I know , all spode is good ... but I never recieved it ... thank god I got the money back or i 'd be up in arms ... be weary .
 Setup was fairly easy with the base finding the remote quickly . I 'm rating this a little lower because the screen is difficult to see in most light and the system does not have outside humidity which I overlooked while reviewing this product before buying . If this is not a feature you need then you could consider this unit.I do like the way the Oscar changes as the weather conditions outside change .
 I bought this weather station in spite of the negative reviews that I read . I should have listened to all of the other bad reviews . This product is junk . It defective - the outdoor temperature did n't register on the unit . Additionally , the screen is poorly designed - there are a lot of angles at which it is difficult to see the images on the screen . And , as if these issues were n't enough , their customer service sucks . I contacted them about the outdoor temperature not being displayed on my unit and after 4 emails , they told me that they would exchange the item for a new one , but that I would have to pay shipping . So , I returned it to Amazon instead -LRB- they do n't charge for return shipping -RRB- and will be buying a product made by Oregon Scientific instead . La Crosse products are a joke . Do n't waste your money .
 Bought this product as a replacement for a LaCrosse weather station I had and worked great for about 6 years . I had dropped that transmitter -LRB- my fault -RRB- and it stopped reading the remote temperature . This new one 's tranmitter never worked from the moment I got it . Tried many times with many different sets of batteries . It 's been sitting on my desk as a glorified clock for about 13 months . I finally decided to cut my loses and throw it out today since the main unit 's battery just died . Looked like a good one if only it worked ! Good brand , maybe I just got a dud . Should have contacted the manufacturer right away to see what they would do about it , but did n't get around to it . Maybe it 's worth a gamble , but my experience was n't good .
 I state right up front that I bought this because it offered so much functionality in one unit . Unfortunately , it tries to do a little too much . It falls under the heading of Things The Designers Enjoyed Building But Never Used ; for if they had , they might have revisited putting so much functionality into what should be simple device.All you really need to know about this product is that the manual - or , at least , the English portion of the manual - is 69 pages long . Am I the only person that thinks that 's a bit much?This morning the alarm went off at 6AM , even though I had n't explicitly set it to do so . After fumbling with the buttons for about 2 minutes , I was unable to figure out how to shut the thing off and had to turn the lights on to figure it out . The fact that the backlight is impossibly weak did n't help matters at all.I suppose if you 're looking for a weather station this will do . But if you want an alarm clock that can be intuitively set and turned off , this is n't going to cut it .
 I ca n't figure out how to work it . I live in an apartment and have found it useless to me . To me , it was a waste of money but maybe someone else would like it . The only thing I use it for now is to tell me the inside temp in my apt . Quality was fine , no complaints about that .
 The man seems hokie . All I really needed was an interior and exterior temperature and humidity measure . Sorry about this choice .
 We have a ~ 1 year old one , and the left side of the screen started to die . Not a big deal I thought . . stuff happens -LRB- even though we have old alarm clocks that have lasted 10 + years -RRB- . Got another one on January 18th , and the LCD is only visible if you look at it from an extreme angle , and even then it barely works.As others have commented , La Crosse service is TERRIBLE . It took forever to get ahold of them , and when I did , I was told I would need to not only pay to ship it to them , but that I would have to include a $ 10 check for `` handling '' and return postage . It 's a good thing I 'm still within Amazon 's generous return period .
 I was looking forward to getting my new weather station ... but , was left disappointed by this one . The wireless transmitter is worthless , it will not work and I have never been able to get an outside temp reading , no matter how close i try to position it to the main unit . I ca n't begin to tell you how many times I have taken the batteries out and tried `` resetting '' it without success . I used the manual and website to trouble shoot it , but nothing worked . I would not recommend this product .
 I do n't know if it works yet , but the set up and instructions are terrible . I would not recommend this product based on this . I had another one by a different manufactuer and it was very simple to set up . This one is frustrating to the point you just hope you get the tempretures . As with me after about a half hour I gave up on the set up . Doubt it is accurate .
 To start with , the remote -LRB- outdoor -RRB- temperature sensor for this unit has never been accurate -LRB- outdoor temp . is too high -RRB- . Beyond that , this unit worked pretty well for about 9 months , until I changed the batteries . With new batteries , the indoor temperature reads about 10 degrees too hot -LRB- when it 's not reading 120-130 degrees indoors -RRB- .
 Shipping was prompt . This item arrived totally defective . Would not display outdoor temperature . New batteries , multiple resets , still nothing . Other display functions would reset randomly and wouldnt hold the settings .
 When I received this - and struggles to open the packaging - I carefully read the instructions , put in new batteries , and waited for it to hook up to WWV in Ft. Collins , CO. -LRB- I have four clocks that run off WWV , so it should work . -RRB- In two days , it never did make contact.Worse , when there was a display - since you can set this manually - it showed only the top half of the numbers in indoor temp , a third of the outdoor , and no humidity ! I tried different batteries even those these were brand new Duracells . Same result . Okay , a defective unit.I called La Crosse tech support , went through their selection , and waited until the instructions were to leave my name and phone number . I tried again early this morning , early enough so that a human being should have answered , and still it went to voice mail.I emailed twice , and got a reply that said , `` Due to unusual high call and email volume ... it could take 3-5 days to get Tech Support . '' I figured that I was n't the only one who was having problems , and I filled out the Return from Amazon and am getting for a full refund.I have seen this unit work . My kids have one . If Tech Support or ANY person at La Crosse had answered my calls or email , I might have tried another unit . At this point , I simply do n't need the hassles of dealing with a company stuck in 2006 -LRB- the date on the plastic packaging -RRB- .
 I am dissatisfied with this product . The remote temperature reading is up to 4 degrees off -LRB- warmer -RRB- I also had a difficult time reaching their customer service . I tried via email and phone . Someone finally returned my call about a week later . After explaining my problem with their weather station , she said it was not unusual for the remote temp to be 2-4 degrees off . She said she would transfer me to the service dept but I was disconnected . I finally gave up and will probably return the weather station . All the other features work fine but what good is a thermometer if it does not give correct readings?Dissatisfied in Maryland
 I ca n't seem to be able to set it up . I 'll keep trying , but the written instrctions have such tiny font and the video moves so fast I ca n't get it working except the indoor tempature .
 Received this as a Xmas present and I spent many hours trying to get it to work . The outside sensor would not communicate with inside monitor . I went to website to try and problem solve but it was useless . I will try to return the product.Christmas gifts are supposed to be fun not frustrating .
 Mine fell one time and was shot after that , and the little man is full of crap half the time even before it fell .
 I ordered 2 of these less than a month ago . One was for me and the other one for my daughter . We both loved watching Oscar change . However , the past few days with temps well into the 90 's , Oscar refused to put on his bathing suit !! He had a short sleeved shirt and long pants on during the entire heat wave . I called La Crosse , and they could n't be nicer . The gal I spoke to walked me through a few steps to reset . She even called me back after I had to put a piece into the freezer . Alas , Oscar would not change ! , Since the stations were less than a month old , I am sending back to Amazon.La Crosse Technology WS-9611U-IT Wireless Sun/Moon Forecast Station with Oscar Outlook
 Like many others my transmitter stopped working after only 6 months . Tried all the normal fixes and noting . Ended up throwing it out . Save your money and do n't buy this .
 I had this unit for two weeks and I have not been able to receive the outdoor temperature , the indoor unit works fine but the transmitter seems to be defective.I spoke to Amazon and they referred me to the manufacturer ` La Crosse ... ' . I 'm disappointed that Amazon would not resolve this issue for me , however I spoke to La Crosse Technologies and they will be sending me a new transmitter unit , in couple of weeks . So two stars to Amazon for washing their hands of the problem and four stars to La Crosse . . for helping me out.The indoor unit is a little too sensitive to touch , there are buttons all around and it 's very easy to hit something inadvertently.I would n't recommend this unit for the difficulty of setting it up : first the batteries here and now there , wait 10 minutes here and 15 minutes there , do n't put the transmitter outside where it can get wet , do n't wrap the outdoor unit with plastic , do n't install next to metal , make sure they are no obstructions -LRB- walls or trees ? -RRB- I guess this transmitter will work fine in the Arizona desert and if you live in a house with no walls ... but I would definitively buy a different unit from ` La Cross ' for their good customer service .
 Temp works great indoors and outdoors . The weather guy is a little off sometimes . Worked great for a little over a year
 Product would not display outdoor temp . Did everything suggested in the manual with no success . Called LaCrosse three consecutive days without talking to a representative but able to leave name and number for a return call . Took LaCrosse another 4 days to return any call . By then item had been returned for a refund .
 To small . To much of the clock is used on the little man in the center . Would like to be able to see date and time side of weather station more clearly -LRB- larger -RRB- .
 This product seemed to setup and work very simply . I like the look of the clock , though it is smaller than I had thought , but that is okay since it is really an alarm clock size . But once it was setup , I noticed that it only displayed indoor temperature and left outdoor blank . So I hit some buttons until I found the outdoor temp . But in order to see it , the indoor temp disappears . So I am only able to see one temp at a time , which is NOT what was displayed in any of their photos or on their user manual . If anyone can tell me how to display both temps at once without scrolling through menus , I will improve my review , but until then , it is a 2 .
 The receiver/clock works fine . Unfortunately , the temperature senser/transmitter does not . Despite doing the time consuming reset/restart routine -LRB- waiting 4 minutes after removing the batteries from both units and then pushing all the buttons at least ten times -RRB- several times , the two units never communicated . A TOLL call to customers support resulted in several voice mailboxes and then after ten minutes -LRB- good thing I do n't pay long distance phone charges -RRB- you had to leave a voicemail and then it hung up.Several calls later , a real tech support specialist told me that I need to buy batteries with an expiration date of at least 2015 ! OK , you 've made enough of a fool of me can I return it for replacement or repair ? - Sure at my cost.NOT !
 I received this as a gift on New Years Day 2009 . I mounted the remote temperature sensor seven feet high in my carport to make sure it never got wet . Nevertheless , the sensor batteries -LRB- two AA 's -RRB- never lasted more than three or four weeks . To make this short interval more annoying , every time the sensor batteries are replaced the base unit must be powered down by having its batteries removed , too . This results in the loss of all previous temperature data and requires every mode on the base unit to be manually reset as if it were just out of the box.The outside sensor quit for good a few days days ago . So , it lasted just over eight months , and required just about that many battery changes . I 'm in the market for a new weather station , but at this stage all I know for sure is it wo n't be made by La Crosse . The sheer idiocy of the battery changing process , and the frequency with which it must be performed , make this product a textbook example of a design nightmare.My suggestion ? Do n't buy any La Crosse weather station that uses the TX29U remote temperature sensor , and stay away from La Crosse altogether if you can .
 I bought this because it seemed like a cool idea . However I noticed that the temp readings are depressingly inaccurate , ESPECIALLY the outdoor temp . I have access to very expensive equipment at work that reads temperatures and this was off by about 4-5 degrees for the indoor temp and about 10-12 degrees for outdoor temp . Man I would be embarassed to release a product that performed so poorly at the job it was supposed to do . It 's cool in concept and would n't be a bad idea if you do n't care about the useless temp readings .
 My main issue is that the outdoor sensor is unreliable . It works after initial setup , but within a few hours the indoor receiver will lose the outdoor temperature . For me , that 's a deal breaker since outdoor temp is the main reason for purchasing this.It is full featured for the price , and the ` what to wear ' guy is a cool feature . It would be a great value if it all functioned properly.The contrast on the screen is also not as good as some other lcd weather stations , it 's somewhat dim . Even when you press the lighting bar , its still not as readable as other lcds with lighter backgrounds .
 I purchased this for my husband 's father 's day gift after he saw a similar product in someone 's home . I chose this one because I thought the man who 's clothes change with the weather was adorable . I should have listened to the other reviewers and not let my desire for cuteness overide buying a product that works . It was VERY hard to set up and no matter where we put the outdoor sensor , it NEVER is close to showing the correct temperature . Buy something else !!!!!!
 The product does not work . Neither it is self adjusting the time nor is catching the outside transmitter . I think the transmitter is anyways not working . I tried to set the time manually , but it would not even let me do that . I have tried calling the support 3 times now and reach a voice mail . And guess , its not even an 800 # ... My first and last product from this company . . and I am returning it !
 I bought this product back in November and it worked fine , for about 2 weeks . The transmitter stopped functioning , even after following all of LaCrosse 's suggestions . I emailed LaCrosse and they have yet to respond to me 3 weeks later . The customer service is horrible , probably because they know this product is defective .
 Lasted 30 days . Transmiter was under deck , protected from rain and snow . Was cool to it failed . Working on a replacement .
 I recently purchased the La Crosse Technology Wireless Forecast Station . One of the reasons I decided to purchase this item was because it had several features I desired in a Wireless Forecast Station . It seemingly should have been a &#34; plug and play &#34; technology . However , after receiving the unit I took it out of the package and began to assemble it as directed . Assembly was easy -LRB- more or less it was just putting in the batteries -RRB- . However , when I followed the instructions for set up I never could get the temperature gauge to read correctly . Unfortunately I will be returning this unit and attempting to find a different one that may work a little bit better out of the box .
 This is second time ordering this item and the first one only worked about a year . Tried giving it another chance so I ordered another in August of 2012 . The item only lasted 5 months . Followed the instruction on setting up the temp option and the temp still did not register . Will never order another .
 After many attempts using the included manual , I could not get it to work . Even after watching a YouTube video on how to set it up , it still would not work . I will be returning this item .
 It worked in the beginning . 4 months later the LCD was dead and all text were invisible . Changed battery per the manual and no way to bring the LCD text back . It 's useless now . Contact La Crosse and their phone will be never pciked by a support representative . Left phone message and sent email and nobody contacted me for a month . It sucks . I had two other La Crosse products . Luckily they worked fine .
 Purchased this about 2 years ago . Worked great for 11/2 years ... changed batteries maybe twice during this period . Then it started eating batteries ; that is , the outside unit . It started slowly , but progressed fast . I have taken it down now because it eats the outside unit batteries about every 2 weeks . Lacrosse Support is not help . All they continue to say is it is the batteries , it is the batteries . I use quality Duracell batteries with years 2016 and 2017 as directed by Lacrosse . But no help . I just think they have products of low quality . I will never buy another Lacrosse product because they do not last and are not cheap ; the batteries over 2 years cost me twice as much of the Lacrosse unit ! If I have to I will use a basic big display outside thermometer !
 We were very disappointed in this station . The digits ca n't be seen unless you are just two feet from it . We have and wanted another station that can be seen 5-6 feet away . This station offers an alarm , snooze etc. too many buttons . You ca n't pick it up without pushing one of the 5 buttons around the face . I wish I would have sent it back .
 I never was able to get this item to work even after reading and following the company 's recommendations . Thankfully the company accepted a return.I found a cheap one at a big box store that 's been working great .
 I ca n`t get the outdoor sensor to work.I went online and printed off the manual . I ` m gon na keep working with it to try to get it to work before Christmas . I bought it as a Christmas gift.Pat
 I received a defective unit with bad or burned out pixels on the screen . The time and date are illegible because of this . I called La Crosse Tech customer service and spoke with a very rude rep who informed me I had to pay myself to have it shipped back to them , even though it arrived broken . Beware that if you receive a defective unit you will have to ship it back to the company on your own dime . Not really fair , and I will never deal with this company again .
 I did not pay close enough attention to the product details because it is tiny - only 5 inches long and 31/2 inches tall.Also , the directions are prohibitive - very detailed and plenty of places in the process that you can mess up and have to start all over again . I almost decided to just skip the whole thing.It appears to be working , but I would not recommend this product .
 Argh . The outdoor temp LCD is more contrasty than the rest ... meaning that you have about 20 degrees of vision where the correct temp is displayed . Here , it is either 30F or 80F , the left two vertical lines ar enot displayed from LCD setting 0-5 , but are there -LRB- barely -RRB- from 6-7 . And , you have to be right on top of the unit . Bad design or defect . Returned .
 I received the La Crosse 9611U for Christmas last year and I am not using it anymore because of the problems I have had . -LRB- I used my unit only with the single sensor that came with it so I can not speak to using more than one sensor . -RRB- First off when the remote sensor was placed immediately next to the main unit they would both report different temperatures - usually off by a degree or two . This I find unacceptable . There is no reason for them to be off that much . I believe the remote sensor was the one that was off because the main unit matched the temperature reported by my thermostat.The second one that bothered me was the requirement to setup the whole unit from scratch every time the sensor needed a battery replacement . This seems totally unnecessary . There is no reason it could n't retain the connection information of the sensor so as to be able to reconnect after the battery replacement.Another , that was minor , was that the screen required viewing at an odd angle to make it easiest to read . I am a tall person and I had it mounted just below eye level on the wall but I had to always bend down to read it clearly . It is as if they expect users to always mount it higher than their head to read . Maybe they were thinking more about desktop use the wall mounting.The last was the wall mount . If you look at the product images , on the one shows a diagram of the back , the rectangle that represents the stand and battery compartment is actually a section that protrudes from the back . That means the keyhole is not flush against the wall . If you mount it in such a way to attempt to make the thermometer tight against the wall it instead forces the bottom of the unit out . That prevents tightening the screw in a way that would secure it to the wall . In my house , with three boys , that translates to it easily being bumped off the wall and hitting the floor . After a couple of those it stopped receiving from the sensor and I thought I do n't need another indoor thermometer so I stopped using it .
 The out door temp . was off by 6 degree all the time . I would not buy another one and will be sending this one back.Display is very small and hard to read .
 I have been wanting to get a wireless forecast station for a long time and finally broke down and bought one.Right from the beginning it never set right and I tried a couple of times . The sunset/sunrise is off by an hour and the barometer is only right about half the time . After a couple of weeks the outside temperature stopped working , which was the part I wanted it the most for to begin with . After reading more reviews I realized that I am not the only one that has had the transmitter die shortly after purchase and they only warranty for 1 month , after that you are SOL . You would have to pay shipping both ways and only get a partial refund ! Would be cheaper to buy a new one from a better company . I buy everything from Amazon and am usually very satisfied , not this time !!! Totally disappointed !! Do yourself a favor and stay away from this brand !!!
 I bought this as a gift for my husband and it is now September and the device that goes outside is already broken , he called the company and they can not send us just the unit to go outside we have to purchase a whole new unit . Terrible design with wireless device should be made to handle the elements because that is the only reason I can think of why it stopped working .
 We got this as a gift from my parents . It worked until we had to change batteries . I have been trying for the past week to make the base `` sense '' the outside sensor . Every time I have to take the batteries off from both the base and the sensor , wait for 10 minutes , then put the batteries in the sensor first , then in the base without touching any buttons -LRB- and they seem to be everywhere ! -RRB- ; otherwise , you 'll have to start from the beginning . AArrgghhh , I 'm thinking of tossing this . If setup or changing batteries takes half an hour , the product is n't worth it .
 This product has not worked since I received it . I called customer service TWICE ; the first time they sent me a new transmitter and the second time I was told to send the product and BOTH transmitters to see why this is product is NOT working . So , the saga continues on whether or not this product will work.I will keep you posted ...
 Item did not work properly . After many delays finally given an RMA number . Warehouse draggged their feet in responding about status of item.More delays in sending replacement , on top of that sent to wrong address.Tried to change delivery address and told it cant be done -RRB- too close to delivery date -RRB- yet UPS has the means and ability to change delivery address.Overall a bad experiencs and question Amazon 's ability to satisfy coustomer complaints .
 Absolutely horrible customer service . They do n't back up their producty . Waited an hour for support , then they all they suggested was to ship back parts ... at my own expense . They do NOT back up their product . I will never buy from them again .
 Dissapointed by it 's small size . Operates fine although somewhat difficult to set up at first . Instructions are confusing . Too many functions and readouts . You need to have this unit close to you on a desk or such and even with the contrast adjusted to highest setting the sun or bright light can wash out or make seeing the numbers difficult . Too much information in too small of a package .
 I ordered this specifically because it had the sunrise/sunset feature . Description states 99 cities included . Great I figure it has to have either Milwaukee -LRB- metro population 1.5 million -RRB- or Madison -LRB- metro population of 300,000 -RRB- . Instead the only two cities they cover in Wisconsin are Green Bay and LaCrosse . It makes no sense to include those 2 cities but not Milwaukee or Madison . Both cities are over 200 miles from me . Just to warn other would-be buyers . . do not assume a city near you will be included in the 99 cities they list.Other than that it seems ok for the price . The manual is a little difficult to understand and the programming is not intuitive .
 I purchased the weather station and 2 additional remotes giving 4 different temp readings . When placed side by side none agreed with each other . The range is also not as advertised . The unit often loses contact with the remote in the garage , about 40 feet away . The display is a bit silly , what is the use of a decimal point reading for temp when it is n't accurate within 2 degrees -LRB- or maybe more -RRB- and lastly , who on earth would define the date October 10th as 1110 ?
 This `` Weather Station '' broke after only two months ! It stopped receiving the temperature from the outdoor sensor . I have tried everything to get it to work with no luck . I have also tried contacting La Crosse `` Customer Service '' . I have emailed - twice and called and call and left a message . After two weeks , I still have n't heard from them . Maybe they are too busy to respond because their products continue to break ? DO NOT BUY LA CROSSE PRODUCTS ! You will be disappointed .
 If you buy any La Crosse product , do n't expect customer service . It took more than a week for them to respond to my email question about a problem I had and then I got want looked like a canned response that did not answer my problem . I followed up with another email and they have yet to respond more than a week later .
 Purchased this for a Christmas gift ... will not show outside temperature . Followed instructions to the `` T. '' Customer service IMPOSSIBLE to reach .
 Product works ok . Neat idea . Poor wireless range.Unfortunately I had to call for Tech support . Left 2 voice mails in two days after waiting on hold for a few minutes . They wo n't let you remain on hold . I did not receive a call back so I called again and chose a different call path which got me to a person somewhere in Tech support . She was rude , short , and condecending . Probably hated her job or perhaps it was just a bad day . Regardless , I will not purchase another La Crosse product .
 I got this for christmas last year & we 've had random issues with it the whole time like the alarm having spaz attacks at 3am when it says its off , the time is NEVER right . The most recent is that we moved and when we took this to the new house it stopped reading the outdoor temp . I 've changed the batteries & reset it a bunch of times but it still wo n't work . I ca n't find the instruction book anywhere and therefore I ca n't call the company . Apparently after less than a year of use I 'm going to have to buy a new one . Not impressed . My husband wanted to get a different one because of the reviews on this one and I told him `` it ca n't be that bad '' ... it is that bad ... do n't do it !
 I have owned this product for 18 months . It never really worked reliably since I got it with temperature readings well off both indoor and outdoor . Worse though , as other reviewers have point out , it is difficult to setup and resets when you replace the batteries which you will need to do often . Very irritatingly , it is very easy to accidentally set the alarm which defaults to 6am . I 've been woken up several times by this `` feature '' after having picked up the unit to fix an issue.Finally after 18 months , the unit started to fail . I replaced batteries several times and it still did n't work . Contacting customer service is useless as nobody ever responds . The online help simply states `` replace the batteries '' . In the end , I wish I had n't bought this and am still on the lookout for a good indoor/outdoor weather station .
 I have had two of these in different locations for over 2 years . The functionality and accuracy is very good . It is a very useful device , but when you have to change the batteries in a remote sensor , its a very painful process . It requires you reset the receiver at the same time so it picks up the remote again . So any time any of the remotes needs new batteries you have to collect them all , then reset the power on everything in the same order you do for the initial setup . Which implies changing all the batteries at the same time whether they need it or not . And it often takes a few tries to get it all to register correctly again . On top of that the receiver remembers nothing after the battery is reset , so you have to re-enter the location info , gmt offset etc. ... I check their web site and it looks like most of the La Crosse line behaves the same way , which is really disappointing . Why ca n't the receiver remember to location for 5 seconds ? Why ca n't you change the remote sensor batteries within a few seconds and have it remember the security code ? It 's not worth the effort in the long run because battery changes are at least a 10-15 minute effort . You should look at a different manufacturer .
 Well this should teach me to believe it when I read the reviews and not take them with too much grain of salt.good stuffwell packageddisplay as describedit 's cheapbad stuffthe antenna on my unit does not broadcast the temp . -LRB- this is probably busted but not worth the hassle of trying to get the unit replaced . -RRB- Instructions for setting up are not complete , the instructions for re-setting the connection have important information about distance between the units in it.there are buttons every where ! cant touch the silly thing without hitting a button by accident.no reset button means you have to take the batteries out to attempt to reconnect or add a sensor . -LRB- I have done this over a dozen times this morning , but again I think mine is busted . -RRB- and if you touch any of the buttons you have to start over again.rest of my issues are covered in the other reviewers comments so no need to repeat.Next time I buy a better one and save the aggravation
 I have had LaCrosse weather stations in the past , and typically got a couple years of service out of them before they died . I read a lot of positive reviews on this product and just a few negative reviews and decided to take a chance . Big mistake . Received the unit and it worked fine for a few minutes , and then the display lost the link with the sensor while they were sitting just a few feet apart . This is a major inconvience because the batteries have to be pulled out and the unit reprogrammed in order to reestablish the link . With my previous LaCrosse stations , I had them at least a year before they started losing connection.Needless so say , this goes right back in the box within an hour of receiving it . This is the last time I will spend money on LaCrosse products . I had an Oregon Scientific weather station that lasted for years and will see if they have something that will suit my needs .
 I ordered this despite the reviews complaining of no Customer Service by Lacrosse . I have another product by them and it works fine , so I took the plunge . Unfortunately , there is an issue with the item -LRB- surise/set incorrect -RRB- . I e-mailed them a week ago , and received an auto-responder reply . Nothing else . I e-mailed again . Nothing . Back it goes .
 Bad Bad product . Waste of $ $ . Company not helpful in working with U to get it working . Major run around from Customer Service who do n't know their product . I bought the second sensor because I could n't get the one that came with it to work . Customer Service said I would probably need an additional sensor . Stupid me . I fell for it . Still ca n't get any of the units to work . They keep telling you to take the batteries out and go through this elaborate process to install it . TOTAL waste of time . Do n't buy it or any other product from this company . Save yourself the aggrivation .
 This item stinks . It is so small the you have to be standing on top of it to read it , also you have to pick it up to read it , when the lite hits it you can not read it . I would never buy one again . If i had known it was so small I would not have purchased it .
 I buy things with the expectation they 're going to keep working.After one year of marvelous service , the thing crapped out.Month 13
 Outdoor temperature reading did not work , and unit is too small . Hard to read display on unit . Would not recommend , better to get a unit that is much larger .
 I bought this weather center about 6 weeks ago . It is a cheap junky product . Every time we touch it we inadvertanly touch one of the poorly placed set buttons -LRB- exposed on the side of the unit -RRB- and the display changes and the outdoor temp goes away . I 'm really sorry we wasted our money on this junk !
 It took a couple of hours to set this up the first time . If you read the manual and add up the time expected to wait for things to happen , this is normal.Try using the alarm , if you dare . I figured it out , but it is not easy.Change the batteries ? Start from square 1 . Do n't buy La Crosse products .
 Mine kicked the bucket withing a year . The temperature readings became wildly inaccurate . It currently claims that the temperature is 115 when it is more like 75 .
 wheater station.ws-9611u-it . wheater man dus not change . always the same . Lost sales slip
 This product worked for 3 days and then it died . It could be 8 degrees outside and Oscar is out with a beach chair . I bring it inside and it still reads 69 outside but 65 inside . I follow the support email I got after 3 weeks of waiting for a reply and still it does not work properly . Save yourself the aggravation and do n't buy LaCrosse Products . If you want to throw your money away , I 'd rather you give it to charity , a much more worth cause than this junk .
 I have had the weather station for about 6 weeks and the outdoor temperature sensor has died . It was in a sheltered area and I have done everything to get it to work . Now I 'm dealing with LaCrosse customer service . After reading reviews for the temperature sensor -LRB- TX29U-IT -RRB- this is very common.I do not recommend this weather station .
 I bought it in February 09 ' . After two months ' use , the display was dead . I thought it was the batteries . So I replaced all the batteries . The display beeped once and then nothing . Same thing when I tried at least 3 types of alkaline batteries as recommended . As other reviewer mentioned , La Crosse has ZERO customer servce .1 -RRB- I contacted them using their online Contact Custome Service form in early May .2 -RRB- Having hearding nothing from them , I sent a email on June 10 . An email came on June 12 with the typical Battery instructions despite the detailed problem description in my email . It also asked for the purchase info that I already sent in the previous email .3 -RRB- Anyway , I resent all the info requested on the same day , June 12 . And guess what , nothing happened after that.It 's 10 days now after I sent the last email . My patience ran out . So I filed a complaint with BBB . And I strongly encourage any one who have similr problems with La Crosse to do the same . We ca n't just let them sell faulty products and ignore the customers.Update
 I started up this little baby on 12/31 -LRB- the timing stands out in my mind -RRB- and TWO WEEKS LATER and the outside transmitter is dead . The set itself still works fine , except the whole point of it -LRB- for me anyway -RRB- is to know the outside temp . I loved the guy who would tell me how to dress , and enjoyed the moon phases and sun rise/set . But others have complained about that outside transmitter too ... I wish I 'd bought something else . I had one for YEARS that was just a simple wire from -LRB- a different -RRB- station which you could place out the window . Should have gone old-school , apparently . I 'm very , very disappointed and suggest you look elsewhere so you are n't disappointed too.UPDATE 7/2010 . Some have asked me if I ever did anything about the warranty , so I thought I should give a quick update . I returned the product to Amazon -LRB- easy exchange -RRB- and got a new one . This time I used lithium batteries and kept the sensor more protected outside -LRB- basically it 's protected on three sides and is never in direct sunlight or exposed to snow -RRB- . I do n't think I 'm getting a fully accurate reading but at least it WORKS . Being in southern New England we can go from 100 degrees to below 0 . It may not be 100 % accurate , but it 's working . Would I get it again ? No . But maybe my expectations were too high . Buyer beware .
 I just ordered this item in July and it has stopped working already ! It started out by giving false readings that were n't even close to the right temps . Now it does n't even register the indoor temp . at all.This is the second weather station that I have had from this company and I have n't had one that works . The first one I purchased a few years ago did n't work from day one . I thought that they might have improved them since the first one I purchased but I guess I was wrong . Save your money and do n't purchase items from this company !!!
 I purchased this hoping to get a great product . What i got was a unit that would not connect no matter how long and how many times i tried . Did n't even connect in the house with nothing between unit . Going back to store today to return and get the WS-9625TWC model for $ 20 more .
 This seems like a great product . However , I can not get the remote sensor to connect to the main unit . Have tried at least 20 times , if not more , leaving it to do it 's thing for over a day at times . Nothing . I have tried customer support many times and have left two messages . They finally did call me back ... during the day when I was at work . No help at all.I regret this purchase . I might just return it and spend some more cash on a better product.edit
 The Oscar boy icon on both model La Crosse Technology WS-9611U-IT-TBP and La Crosse Technology WS-9730U-IT Wireless does not have the umbrella in his hand when it rains all day outside . He did not have the umbrella even before the rain happened . It does not forecast the weather accurately.The clock on WS-9611U-IT-TBP model also has to be set manually . It does not automatically pick up atomic time even when the sensor was placed outside for 20 minutes . I tried to reset 3 times and placed the sensor under clear sky with almost no trees around . This clock still could not pick up atomic time automatically .
 Update
 This is no more then a outdoor therm . It has a humidity gage but it 's for the inside not the outside ?? It has been raining off and on all weekend and the guy does not have his umbrella out ? And last of all it 's hard to read from 5 feet ! I would not recommend it sorry !
 I had no trouble setting this up or anything and it usually works good but I live in Florida and bought this to see how miserably hot it is outside and when it gets over about 85 degrees it goes crazy and will say its 103 or 108 outside . I have it under an overhang so its not in direct sunlight . I have put other thermometers outside next to it and they give the right temp . I guess as long as it never goes over 80 degrees it 's great .
 I got product in hopes of not having to go online every morning and seeing what the days high and low temp . would be BUT the product has its own sensors that it uses to show weather temps and so far has a poor track record . I assumed the radio signal it received was for todays weather condition but the signal is for only auto clock setting and the time of todays sunrise and sunset which is a nice feature for daily walks . The prediction problem could be due to weather changes from global warming or just the local weather of where I 'm at but I would not recommend product if you live in San Antonio , TX
 For how expensive these candles can be , they sure do n't smell as good as other brands . I received this as a birthday gift and was disappointed because it smells nothing like vanilla bean . I think that the wood wick and the crackle sound is interesting and calming , but the smell is the exact opposite . Rather than smelling simply like vanilla , Woodwick puts other , nature-like scents in their candles that makes them smell terrible . Wo n't be buying again .
 When the candle arrived , the glass surrounding the candle was broken.I overlooked that problem and tried to light the candle , and I could n'tget it to light . Not something I would order again .
 The picture shown on the package is not on the sheet set . It is the picture that is on the comforter . Because it was on the package , I assumed it would be on the sheets . The picture is of figures wielding lightsabers . Only the pillow case had this.I was very dissappointed as this was a gift for a grandchild.Sandra LaPorte
 Around 100 thread count , worst possible quality , not soft , not comfortable . Pattern is ok , but these people think you 'd buy a turd if it had a Jedi on it .
 nothing special , very cheap sheets . not very soft . no battling light sabers on the sheets as advertised . not worth it . i feel like i got sucker punched .
 I read the reviews , but purchased these sheets anyways . I needed Star Wars sheets for my sons bedroom and nothing else is available . Not sure what the thread count is , but it must be the absolute lowest . It 's too bad that sheets with a higher thread count are n't available . I 'm sure that I 'm not the only person who wants her child to be comfortable .
 Too much polyester ! My 4 year old does n't seem to mind , but they are thin , stiff and abrasive . The graphics are patheteic .
 I knew that these were kids sheets , so I was n't expecting the quality to be great , but I was disappointed by the design of the sheets . The picture makes you think that they say Jedi all over them , but they do n't . They have these wierd shield-looking things all over them . I bought them for a friend who is a star wars nut , and we ended up returning them and buying a vintage pair on e-bay .
 Does n't work , do n't waste your time or money . I should have listened to the reviews . An empty tuna can works just as well
 I purchased this as a gift for my father . However , after several weeks of trying everything we can think of , it still does n't work . Trying to see if Amazon will take it back .
 I THOUGHT I WOULD LIKE A NICE ACCURATE DIGITAL WIRELESS RAIN GAUGE.WELL I WAS VERY WRONG !! THIS PRODUCT IS VERY INACCURATE , & I CONTACTED THE COMPANY TWICE ON THIS PRODUCT.FIRST I GOT AN E-MAIL ON SOME TROUBLESHOOTING IDEAS TO SOLVE MY PROBLEM , TRIED THEM ALL , NOTHING WORKED ... SO I CALLED AND TALKED TO A TECHNICIAN ... STILL DOES ` NT WORK ... WO N'T EVEN REGISTER ... ON MY READOUT !!! ALL I WANT IS MY MONEY BACK ... WHAT HAPPENED TO THAT -LRB- MONEY BACK GUARANTEE ? -RRB- THEY WANT ME TO SEND IT BACK -LRB- PAY SHIPPING COSTS -RRB- AND HAVE THEIR PEOPLE LOOK AT IT TO SEE IF ANY , DEFECTS ARE IN THIS UNIT ... OR SEND ME A NEW ONE ... WOW ... YOU FIGURE IT OUT !!!! I 'LL STAY WITH MY OLD-FASHIONED PLASTIC HANGING RAIN GAUGE ... MORE ACCURATE ... ALL I GET IS EXCUSES !! OR I 'M NOT INSTALLING IT RIGHT !!! BUYER BEWARE !!!!
 I bought this item as a gift . It worked great , and was very accurate . But it only worked for about one month . The receiver stopped working . My dad really liked it , so I guess I 'll have to buy another one that is more expensive . They get better reviews so maybe they 'll work longer .
 I really like the size of the rain collector versus other ones on the market as well as the indoor display . However , I can not keep the thing working . I contacted the company via email and received a quick response . After trying their suggestions , I would get it to work for a while , but it would usually have lines on the display by the next time it rained . I have the rain collector about 25 feet from the window where I have the display . It just does n't stay working . I have given up and have started looking for a new brand .
 This item started off badly by not syncing with the gauge when first purchased . There were no instructions in the user guide on what to do . I emailed the company and after a long delay they advised me to fully drain the display after removing the batteries and then replace the batteries to sync . This worked after a couple tries . However , when the batteries in the gauge died , the same thing happened after replacing the batteries ... display would not sync , even following the previous directions . Also the gauge did not weather well , with the plastic becoming hard and brittle . One of the side catches broke off when removing the cover and one of the latches on the battery cover snapped off when removed . So , this ones going in the trash after less than a year .
 The good news about this product
 Bought this item as a Christmas gift and it was returned . I 'm not sure exactly what was wrong but the person that received it did not like it .
 I have been using Amazon for along time , and everything that I have bought has been wonderful until I purchased this item . I guess I should have listened to other reviews for this product . I would NOT recommend this product to anybody . It worked one time , and then it did NOT work anymore . I sent the warranty to the company and it was returned to me with no address available for this company , I called the number in the booklet nobody would answer the phone and never called you back either after leaving a message . This thing has the Weather Channel Logo on the product and if I was the Weather Channel I would NOT even put my logo on this piece of Crap . People Please do NOT buy this product you will lose the amount you spent Plus the Taxes and its not worth the trouble . If I was Amazon I would NOT sell the item either . . Very disappointed , this was a Christmas present for my Dad . Never again will I buy from this company -LRB- La Crosse Technology -RRB- .
 Worked really well for seven months . Unit failed to be able to communicate with the sensor . Changed batteries in sensor the the base unit as instruction said . But still does not work . I gave it 2 stars because while it did work it was just what I wanted .
 I was never able to get this rain gauge to work . The receiver would not talk to the transmitter.The battery holder design for the transmitter is poor , the lid that holds them on is flimsy and unable to maintain electrical contact across the battery terminals . Do n't bother .
 Signal from unit has a hard time makeing 50 feet . Tried 2nd set of batteries hoping that was problem but no luck . And this is 50 feet line of site . When I put the receiver on other side of sliding door even the glass -LRB- still line of site -RRB- caused the signal to drop . Is great when it works . Tried a second unit same results . Stay away from this .
 After reading all the negative reviews on this I still ordered it because it looked like a nice unit . I have the same brand complete weather station that works fine.This unit did n't work at all out of the box similar to other reviews on this product.I do not recommend this rain gauge if you want reliability and something that worksThe only thing on my complete LaCrosse weather station that does not work is the rain gauge so I was buying this to replace it.I ended up ordering a tube type rain gauge and it works
 I have had and gifted La Crosse weather products for 20 years or so and have never had a problem till now.After fooling with this thing for three weeks I 'm tossing it.Display shows `` Low Batteries '' 3/4 of the time , even with dozens of battery changes , and when not that the receiver will not pick up a signal.I 've tried everything I know , followed every direction , even tried a few mods suggested here.Nothing worked . A great disappointment from La Crosse .
 Piece of junk . Sometimes in Phoenix it goes several months between rains . By the time it was obvious it did not work , it was out of the warranty/exchange period.It has a teeter totter device with a magnet or piece of steel that passes by a sensor . It did not register until I filed the pivot to move it closer to the sensor.To reset the device takes a marathon removing and installing batteries until it is finally happy.After all that , compared to a wedge style , `` it rains and fills up the gauge '' , the device reads 1/3 to 1/2 less than the actual rain fall.Its present reading is .23 inches , that rain fall was actually .48 inchesMy other weather instruments are Oregon Scientific , it is my fault not sticking with them for a rain gauge.rll phx az
 This was a present for my husband for Christmas . He set it up on Boxing Day and a week later it stopped working . He has had rain gauges before and knows how they work . This was a dud . And the return by date has expired -LRB- I bought it in November -RRB- so it seems I can not get my money back or a replacement from Amazon . I am very disappointed .
 Over a period of time , my wife has always demanded that she be able to measure rainfall . Each and every time , my transmitter unit will fail in 20-30 weeks . I guess this unit ca n't simply tollerate the South Carolina hot sun . My THIRD LaCross transmitter has now failed . I GIVE UP ON THIS PRODUCT . . !
 Had this for over three months now and constantly have to remove and reinsert batteries to make it work . Then usually only works a for a while . When it rains then it reads nothing until you have to go out in the rain to reset it again ... even at 10 feet from the house . If it cost more I 'd probably go to the trouble of returning it , but I think i will have more satisfaction just smashing it with a hammer !
 The rain gauge that I received did not work at all . I returned it and had no problem doing that . I will probably get another one at a later date . I have had the same product before and it worked , so this particular one must be a ` lemon ' .
 I bought this unit to replace an Oregon Scientific unit which I really liked , but it finally died after about 5 years and is no longer available . From the start this unit was trouble . It would not transmit anywhere near the published distance . When I would get it to work , it would work for awhile , then lose reception . I finally located it about 20 ft from the receiver . Accuracy is very poor . It is lucky to measure half the rainfall compared to a manual rainfall gauge . Also , you frequently have to clean spiders out of it . It finally quit working after 8 months . -LRB- Yes the batteries are fresh and the spiders are cleaned out . -RRB- I get 0.00 but it will not measure . I have considered sending it in under the warranty , but since I do n't like it anyway , why waste the postage ? I think it is going to end up in the recycling bin with other electronic trash .
 Do not waste your money . Very cheaply made . I have been putting batteries in this thing now for two years . Now it does not work at all . Junk
 A friend bought one of these . He loved it and recommended it to his friends . I and 8 others bought it . 6 months later none of them worked . Hours were spent on the phone with LaCrosse . Some sent the unit back . The returned unit did not work . Do not buy this rain gauge . You would love it if it was reliable , but it is not . DO NOT BUY THIS.I converted mine to a wired rain gauge with a USB interface to my computer . The little `` see-saw '' sensor is a clever idea . If you are interested in how to do it , email me . joe@n4yg.com
 Right out of the box this unit did not work and still has not worked . I would not recommend it to anyone
 I bought this product and had a real problem getting it set up . The receiver screen would only display dashes for the first 11 times I installed , uninstalled and reinstalled the batteries . It worked one time and has never worked since -LRB- 2 months -RRB- . I tried calling the 800 number listed in the instructions 5 times and once I let it ring 60 tomes and no one ever answered . Do n't buy it !
 This did not work out of the wrapper.I received this as a door prize and got what I paid for nothing .
 Purchased one unit and could only get it to work for brief periods . I returned the unit and was sent a second product . The second one did n't work at all ! Save your money and get a manual gauge .
 First one stopped working after 3 months . Thought I would try a new one -LRB- yes , it was silly -RRB- . It did n't work from day one . I have decided to go with the manual method of putting a visual guage on the wall and walking out to look at it . Quality is not there .
 purchased this along with an old fashioned gauge after my old one broke . Found this to be extremely inaccurate . Would not recommend .
 I have two other rain gauges , both the old tube type , sitting right next to this model La Crosse and it has never indicated the same reading as the other two old types that always read the same . My neighbor has this model too and he has the same problem , no accuracy . Do n't waste your money , stick to the old tube types as there is a reason they are still around , they work .
 i am totaly disapointed with this product i got it in jan. of this year and so far the clips holding it together have both broken off . i have had to replace the batteries 3 times and everytime you change the batteries you loose all inforation as there is no memory . total waste o money
 I bought the weather station first . Everything worked fine except the rain gauge . I sent it back and they sent me a new one . That did n't work either . I like the rest of the system , so I just bought a new rain gauge . Still does n't work , even when the rain gauge is right next to the receiver . Garbage .
 Small wonder that this product has so many one-star ratings and is offered at such a reduced price . It just does n't work -- after twice following directions with fresh batteries . I have successfully set up wireless rain gauges in the past , so can not attribute this failure to mechanical challenges . I spent at least an hour , and tried calling the contact number -- NOT toll-free -- put on hold after the laborious menu for seven minutes , and then a robotic voice offered to take my name and number . Very , very poor service , considering LaCrosse Technology 's respectable history . If ever the advice `` buyer beware '' should apply , this is it . Do n't waste your time , energy , or money in trying to acquire what should be an attractive gift or personal gadget .
 I recieved this rain sensor for Christmas . I tried for 2 weeks to set it . Sent several emails to the company for help and did not get a response . They do not have an 800 number . I sent the product back to Amazon . I had to give it one star rating since there is nothing less .
 I find this rain guage to be not user friendly . I had trouble getting accurate readings from the time I first started using it . Reaching help by telephone is difficult ; often there is no one to answer the phone . When I have found someone on the other end of the phone they have been helpful , but the information they give should be in the instruction manual . The instruction manual needs to be more thorough in order to explain all the possibilities of what can go wrong and how to deal with these situations .
 My Oregon Scientific rain guage that I had for several years died . I read reviews on another website praisingLa Crosse producs . I ordered this one from Home Depot last week and received it yesterday . After numerous attemptsto follow the limited instructions in the manual and more of the same from their customer `` support '' agent I am returning it to La crosse and have entered a claim with Paypal for a full refund from Home Depot . I will order the Oregon Scientific unit from Amaxon . A lesson learned . I wish I had seen the reviews here first .
 The batteries for the outdoor part of the rain gauge are in a plastic box with a long , somewhat rectangular lid that holds on by two small clips , arranged at the very ends . If only they had used more than two clips or put them on the long edges rather than the small ones , it might have worked . But as it is , the lid bends because the first , positive-side-up battery pushes it out too far to meet the negative-side-up battery right beside it . You can solve this with a bit of tape at the contact or tape to hold the lid down -LRB- or both -RRB- . But it really could n't have been much more idiotic considering how simple this device is . I kept it because I do n't know where I put it 's box , but I would n't buy it again ; a plain old rain gauge works just as well for me really .
 This item belongs in the garbage bucket ! We do n't always get rain in Fl . in the winter . But the one we got in mid January was a gully washer and my gauge did nothing.Brought in house tried removing/replacing batteries and tried again under tap in sink 3 ' apart ... . Still nothing . On it 's way back . Cheap yes , but if it does n't work what does that say ?
 I bought this and installed it as directed . I have two other remote sensing systems from this company that have worked well but this gauge never worked.I think it is DOA . I have followed all of the trouble shooting advice to the letter , bought two sets of new batteries , and emailed tech support . They just emailed the same trouble shooting tips back to me and then went silent.Getting a bad sensor is annoying but having the company that markets it ignore the problem and refuse to back their gear means that I switch to Oregon Scientific .
 This device is inaccurate by exactly 50 % . I have checked it several times against a conventional rain guage , and I have to double its readings to get accurate information . I do not like that , and hope to find out how to correct it . Meanwhile , I can not recommend this rain guage .
 I installed the guage according to directions , level and away from any obstructions , and it regularly reports rainfall up to 50 % less than the tube gauge that sits beside it . And the innaccuracy is not even consistent , so I ca n't apply a correction . I would not buy this gauge again and do n't recommend it .
 I bought this on a close out sale at Lowe 's , I should have read the Amazon reviews first . This unit worked for a grand total of one day of rain and then croaked . I have replaced batterys , re-set it and no luck . I e-mailed La Crosse , and nothing . I have been more than happy with other La Crosse products but if this is their level of customer service , I will have to think twice before using them in the future .
 I had an older model LaCrosse wireless rain gauge that quit working after about 7 years . I chose this one because it had almost instant readout , and was endorsed by the Weather Channel . It was supposed to gauge rainfall to .01 of an inch , did n't happen , varied all over from .01 to .05 each time the bucket emptied . I wo n't waste the time or money to return it .
 I have had trouble getting the rain gauge to work . I 've installed new batteries , and finally , by pushing down on the battery pack , got the remote to work . However , as soon as I installed it outside , it quit working again . I have called the companyand left a message , but no one has returned my call . I typed an email message to thecompany asking for help , but no one has answered that email yet .
 Worked o.k. for about a month , then quit . Display reads 0.00 and wo n't register even when the gauge is manually activated .
 I have had the product for just a couple weeks and the dial has already broken . I was already not really satisfied with the iron . The placement of the dial made it difficult to read . In addition , the light on it is only there when warming up , so there is no real visible sign the iron is on . The only real positive for the iron is the removable water container . I would not buy again . I 'm going back to a Black & Decker iron .
 This is a revised review as of September 2009 , revised again in September 2011 . Originally I gave the iron three stars and came back in September 2009 to revise the review . At the time , Amazon allowed text edits but did not allow changes in star ratings . I advised other customers in September 2009 that I would reduce the star rating to two or one , if I could . Now that Amazon does permit such changes , I have reduced the rating to one star.Here is the text of the review as revised in September 2009 : I bought this iron because of the positive reviews , taking into account various issues concerning the detachable water tank.I was initially pleased with the efficiency of the iron -- the heat levels and steam output worked well at first , and I have pretty high standards . I realize that the weight of the iron might contribute to its overall effectiveness , but it 's a tad heavy . And it has n't held up . Heat levels are insufficient , and I have to press the steam surge button constantly to achieve any steam at all.I agree with the reviewer who expressed reservations about the detachable water tank -- seems like it 's just another moving part that could get worn out . Have been filling irons from a cup for close to 50 years -- and lately have been using a cup that has a spout on it . I do n't see any advantage to messing around with a detachable tank.The biggest drawback to the iron is that the retractable cord -LRB- which to me is totally unnecessary , although some might like it -RRB- extends from the iron base from the right ! Today 's irons rarely are designed this way . I 'm left-handed , and find myself beating back the cord so it does n't get in my way . Just for the heck of it , I tried ironing with my right hand , and it 's almost as annoying . Panasonic should take into consideration that even in the same household , both right - and left-handed users might need the iron.The retractable cord base is n't very stable , and the iron wobbles when seated on end . Sigh . It 's time to go iron shopping again .
 I am surprised this item has 4.5 rating1 -RRB- Major design flaw
 The retractible cord take some effort to use . There 's so little room in the housing that you have to carefully feed it in or it will get stuck . In comparison , I have a rice cooker where you pull the cord , and it gets pulled back in without any further effort . The whole reason I bought this iron was that I do n't like messing around with a cord in the morning when I want to get to work . Now instead of wrapping the cord in a ball , I have to mess with the retraction mechanism , and that takes longer .
 I received this as a gift . I have been searching for an iron to get out tough wrinkles from my linens for years . I have to pass over at least 20 times and although it does smooth , it does not completely get out wrinkles . I find myself spending loads of time on garments , but again it will never completely get out the wrinkles . I spent 40 minutes on `` one '' pillow case the other day . -LRB- and it is still not completely wrinkle free -RRB- It should not require so much effort ! I now find myself having to take the fabrics out wet/damp to iron , but that still takes forever.I ran into a women the other day , who swore by her Rowenta Iron . She said it had gotten out the toughest wrinkles from some old , vintage linens that belonged to her mother . To my amazement , she said it only took her 4 minutes total for both linen towels . She was having these linens framed and they were board smooth with not a wrinkle in site . I was blown away !!! So , despite most favorable reviews , I honestly do not think this is any kind of a workhorse .
 Got it , loved it and then it broke after about year and half . Do n't iron that much for it to quit that soon .
 I purchased this iron after the glowing reviews . I do not iron , I do not need to iron . I bought this iron after my daughter complained that the iron I had was lousy . I bought the iron , used it once , maybe twice . I thought , great , I have a good iron for when my daughter visits . That was over a year ago . It has n't been used since . Yesterday , I needed to iron my Thanksgiving tablecloth . I dug out the `` good iron '' and plugged it in . It did not get hot , then the light that lets you know the iron is on , would not stay lit . Essentially , the iron turns off right after it is turned on . Maybe a short somewhere ? Too much time has passed so I can not return it . BUMMER ! The iron is brand new back in its brand new box , of no use to me .
 It works ! Not very good quality . Cord does not retract very well , have to work at it ! Takes out wrinkles what I guess it is supposed to do .
 I really liked this iron at first , but after 30 days of use , the steam boost button stopped working , and that is the main reason for buying the iron.It is a good iron if you do n't plan on using the boost steam button .
 This iron worked fine , but only lasted one year and two months . While I was ironing , I saw what seemed like a spark inside the iron and it would not heat up ever again . I would expect a iron to last longer than 14 months ! I will not buy this brand again .
 My 8 yr old Rowenta malfunctioned , overheating and scorching a shirt -LRB- as well as the board cover beneath -RRB- within 3 seconds of touching the fabric even while the iron was moving . So I went for this popular Panasonic model . In short , on the `` silk '' setting , the temperature of the soleplate varied tremendously , cooling to the point where I could comfortably place my hand on the soleplate before the thermostat finally kicked in to reheat . I could tell when the plate was cooling when the steam generation stopped and wrinkles did n't disappear . Even on the `` linen '' setting , when the iron was hottest , wrinkles in linen did n't disappear , even with the the steam burst . I had to `` spray '' the wrinkles , but the spray is a thin stream which just saturates the fabric in a thin line . IMHO , the detachable tank and retractable cord features are just gimmicks .
 I purchase this Iron 9 months ago . As of today the iron shorted out . We thought it might have been the socket , but it was plugged into a surge protector , which is still working . We hardly use this iron in the last 9 months . My older iron still works , but had some rust on it . That is why we got this iron . We loved the retractable card and how you could take out the tank to fill up the water on this model . It made life easier . This was a good iron until it failed today . I was going to send it back to panasonic to get it repaired , but it would cost me more to ship it back unstead of buying a new iron . Good luck with this iron .
 I bought this iron to replace my old but perfectBlack & Decker SteamXpress Iron , which unfortunately is n't available from Amazon anymore.Just my opinion but this Panasonic iron is awful , I ca n't think of anything I like about it.It takes three times as long to heat up -LRB- have a To Do list while you wait ! -RRB- , the hottest setting is too hot and will melt your linen/cotton clothes and then subsequent pieces of clothing will stick to the soleplate -LRB- always a great look to walk around with iron marks on your clothing ! -RRB- . The sprayer sprays water in a single ` take-an-eye-out ' shot of water , all around the room -LRB- look out anyone sitting nearby ! -RRB- , rather than on the clothing and the steam spits and splatters water on your piece of clothing rather than steams . It does have a detachable water tank -LRB- why would you need this ? -RRB- , and a push-button retractable cord reel -LRB- again why is this needed ? -RRB- . Ugh a horrible iron . Please restock the Black and Decker SteamXpress Iron Amazon !
 I 've had this iron for eleven months and I 'm having the same issue as KURALVANAN ARANGASAMY -LRB- see that review on 2/8/12 -RRB- . The coating on the stainless-steel soleplate has started to wear off , exposing whatever is beneath it , which has started to rust . I was able to get through to Panasonic Customer Service and was told that I need to ship the iron , at my expense , to Texas for replacement . I realize it 's common to have to pay to ship a defective product back to the manufacturer but it still always bothers me . Unlike some reviewers , I do like the removable water tank and after almost a year of daily use -LRB- and I do mean every day -RRB- , I have n't had any issues with water leaking from the iron because of this feature . I too thought it was a gimmick until I realized that it really is a useful and handy feature . I can now let the iron heat up while I 'm filling the tank with water , which is a time saver . Since the removable tank is much smaller than an entire iron , it easily fits under the faucet of a small sink when you 're refilling it . No more using the bathtub or a measuring cup.I will update this review if I have any issues with getting the iron exchanged by Panasonic . I will ask them to provide a refund instead of a replacement if the issue with the soleplate has n't been resolved yet . We 'll see how that goes . I do n't want to have to return another one for the same issue a few months from now .03 / 02/12 Update
 I bought this iron after many years using a Rowenta , but needed to transition due to finance . I have realized that it was a terrible financial mistake . I need to always buy quality products like the Rowenta . This iron leaked in just a few days . Does not heat up the best -LRB- compared to others -RRB- .
 This was rated so well on all the &#34; best &#34; lists , I bought it . I was impressed by the steaming and how well that function rated . I hate it . It 's plastic in a cheap way . It does n't feel heavy or solid or sturdy . It irons just OK , but it 's not impressive . I had a Rowenta that got scratched and I should have repurchased the same thing . That was a nice , solid iron that was just impressive . This did not live up to those expectations .
 I just do n't like this iron . My husband on the other hand truly despises it . I 'm giving it two stars because it does actually function.Cons : The indicator light only turns on when it is heating up . Once it reaches the proper temperature it goes out , of course it also goes out if you accidentally knock the plug out of the socket which you wo n't realize until you are wondering why your clothes are n't getting smooth . My old iron had a light that came on when it was plugged in and warming up , and the light changed color when it was at the proper temperature.The reservoir is small so it needs to be refilled after no more than three shirts if you use steam.It has a very small soleplate so ironing takes longer.If you do n't dump all the water out of the reservoir and turn the steam switch to the off position when storing it , it will leak all over the place.It only steams when it 's on its very highest setting , and its highest setting just is n't hot enough for stubborn wrinkles . Do n't even think about getting linen smooth with this iron.It only sometimes puts out steam in the vertical position , it seems to be very hit or miss for me and it certainly is n't enough to steam hanging items.Pros : It 's a cool green color.It has a retractable cord.I like the removable reservoir , but my husband feels it does n't add anything to the iron.That 's about all I can say for the pros . However , I suppose if you are just starting out in life and you need an inexpensive iron for small jobs , this may fit the bill . I still say the indicator light issue makes it a no go . If you are going to purchase it you may want to watch the price for a while , it does tend to fluctuate quite a bit .
 I do n't need a lot of gadgets , etc. on an iron . I just want it to get really hot ! This iron was not comfortable ergonomically . A lot of creaky noises when I used it b/c of all the `` extras . '' Retractable cord is a nice idea but in reality is more of a hassle b/c it 's another thing that can go wrong ! Also , I would not even consider using steam in this iron b/c a portion of it has to be removed in order to fill with water . It 's a whole lot easier to just use a spray water bottle . This iron was returned b/c it was not worth the $ and even at a lower price , we do not want to deal with an uncomfortable handle and gadgetry that tends to break easily .
 I purchased this iron based on some of the favorable reviews I read on Amazon . This was my experience : PROS
 This is the worse iron I have ever owned . The writing on the dial wore off the first week I used it . It does a terrible job !!
 I had purchased this iron back in June of 2010 and I am very dissatisfied with it . I think it 's defective because at times it does n't work right and the spout on the iron where you pour the water in it had broken off a week after I had started using it . I wish I had known that I would have had this problem before I had purchased this iron . Unfortunately I did n't use this iron right away when I received it .
 This iron is definitely not worth the money . There are too few steam openings and it takes forever to heat up . The optimum temperature is inadequate for ironing linen . I learned my lesson ... . buyer beware .
 Please do not buy this junk . The undercoating peels off after a couple of months and when trying to call Panasonic they do n't pickup the phone and the automated machine transfers you to a blank line and disconnects . Tried this a dozen times and every time call hangs up without anyone answering . The nearest service center for this product is in Texas but i am in CA .
 This is a one year review . Bought this iron becasue it was rated good from Amazon , that was a mistake ! Not sure if the people who review the iron , ever ironed before or if I just got a dud , because this iron is a piece of junk . If you like water gushing out of you iron instead of steam then this is the iron for you . Also the small water tank is another minus since the water litterally drains out of it . I just bought the tfal that was rated high , I have my hopes up .
 When my old iron started malfunctioning , I ordered this Panasonic iron , based upon the description/reviews . It arrived in a timely manner and I was excited ... until I tried it . I used this iron on cotton blouses , using the `` Steam '' function , with the `` Cotton '' setting . Honestly , they did n't look much better than when they came out of the dryer ! It was not `` Operator Failure '' because I learned how to iron over 50 years ago ! The Retractable Cord was about the ONLY thing I liked ! The pulsing steam disturbed me , in that I thought it was n't working correctly . It goes back and I will NOT get a replacement .
 I 've only had Black and Decker irons in the past so I decided to give this one a try . I 've had this iron for 2 months now . It 's light but gives a good amount of steam which helps get out the toughest wrinkles . I love the detachable water tank option . It makes filling the tank at the sink easy . The only negative so far is the latch on top of the tank . It 's pretty flimsy and has already broken off . Other than that this iron works really well.-Update 6/26/2012Ok everything was going well until today . The iron wo n't heat up . What a disappointment after only having it for 11 months . Good thing I am still under warranty . I will be shipping it back to Panasonic for repair or replacement .
 I 'm looking for a new iron because this Panasonic died on me after two years of use . It shorted and wo n't turn on anymore . The time , energy and postage needed for repairs are not worth it . I iron about 3-4 dress shirts and a couple of slacks every week . I use starch on my shirts and try to use distilled water whenever I can . The max temp is good enough for cotton shirts but not on linen shirts and sheets . The steam power does not match the professional steaming irons I 've used as a child -- my mom was a seamstress . You 'll need a separate steamer for suits and other formal wear . The hotplate is pretty good at not staining compared to other inexpensive irons I 've used . The removeable water storage unit is convenient . So there are some good things about this iron but overall an iron should not keel over after two years . Panasonic may mean quality in electronics and other things but not in irons . I found out the hard way .
 took a chance as this was highly reviewed , however this iron leaks water at all temps . thought maybe it was first cycle but i have used a few times and the iron always spits water out no matter what setting leaving my clothes full of wet spots . the cord reel works good however the iron seems a little cheap when you hold it and i feel like the detachable water tank feels cheap as well and will break at some point . this will be my last time getting a panasonic iron and will stick to a trusted brand like rowenta in the future . buyer beware .
 I just recieve this Iron and the first time I used it the tank leaks at the seam of the detachable tank , I called panasonic and they told me to ship it back to them at my exspence , do n't buy this Iron its a piece of junk and I mean a piece of junk !!!!!!!!!!!!! so if you send it back to panasonic it will cost you another 12 dollars that you WO N'T get back .
 I 've had Panasonic irons before and love them - great features and retractable cord . But this one ... if I iron a sweater and the heat is up too high , the fabric sticks to the soleplate and ruins both the sweater and the plate . I 've had this iron a few months and the plate is totally black and leaves marks on everything I iron . I know I could clean it but I should n't have to ... I 've never had an iron that sticks like this , ruining both clothes and iron . Disappointed and searching for another .2 / 8/13 - Update to my previous review
 I purchased this iron about 8 months ago . For the most part , the iron worked fine for those first 8 months . A few days ago , while using it on my khakis , it left a rust stain on the pant leg . I then examined the underside of the iron to see that it had become rusted . Judging from the reviews that have included comments about Panasonic 's costumer service , I just need to purchase a new iron . I ca n't take the chance that the iron is going to ruin another article of clothing , and I can not wait around in wrinkled clothing for Panasonic to back their product .
 I already have a full time job and I do n't want it to be spending 15 minutes ironing a shirt . The steam power is ok . The most annoying aspect of the iron is charging the cordless iron DURING ironing . You have to constantly put it back in the base to charge every 3 minutes . This is such a time waster . On a positive note , it comes with a case to easily put away , which I have a feeling will be useful as I dread using this iron so it 'll have a nice cozy stay in the closet . I will whip out my rusty old Rowena .
 This iron spits out half the water I put in the water tank , resulting in wet spots on my fabric , which I then have to take extra time to iron out .
 I received this iron from Amazon in early December 2010 . The first week of February 2011 , the reservoir started leaking . I do n't iron much and have only used it a few times . Unfortunately , I am just outside the Amazon exchange window . I called Panasonic to have it fixed or replaced under their 1-year warranty . They will replace the iron , but I have to pay shipping to send them the two-month old broken iron . They expect me to pay the approximately $ 10 to ship their defective $ 35 iron to them and wait who knows how long for them to send a replacement . This is unsatisfactory.With any other product that I 've had issues with , especially early on in a warranty period , the company paid to ship the defective product to them . Panasonic does not operate in this manner . Given the poor quality of the iron I received , and Panasonic 's substandard warranty , I recommend against purchasing this iron , or other Panasonic products.It 's unfortunate that the problem did n't develop until just after Amazon 's return window expired . Given my positive experiences with their customer service department in the past , I 'm confident that they would have promptly replaced the defective product .
 quality is so-so . tried to iron a few cotton dress shirts and they were semi-wrinkled afterwards . summer pants made of linen -LRB- a super thin fabric -RRB- were also wrinkled after ironing + using steam with this little guy . i followed the ironing instructions to the letter!also , the hide-away cord design is a great idea but poorly executed in this model . plastic is flimsy and i have a feeling that the place where the cord rolls into is going to break any minute . also - heat settings are printed awkwardly at the bottom of the iron.for all the great reviews , it 's not a great iron : -LRB-
 I do n't iron much but you have to have one in the house because after six months you have more clothes in the ironing section of your closet than you have to wear . I have always been a marathon ironer and I just got around to using it yesterday . I tried to open the attached top to put the distilled water in and it popped off and flew across the room , fortunately I found it before the cat . The cord is far too short and it does n't want to return to its home by 8 '' . I also think I could have done better sprinkling the clothes than just using the steam . Disappointed in PanasonicIt will do since it is here and I will only use it a few times a year , but I would not purchase this iron again .
 The title says it all . It completely died after two months of regular use -LRB- every weekend -RRB- . I loved the feature where the water compartment snapped on and off , but clearly something is lacking in the engineering of the heating element . They probably went with the cheapest heating element possible to save 5 cents off the overall cost . > : -LRB-
 Purchased iron from Amazon in July and steam feature gave out by November . I treated iron well , did not drop , used distilled water since our water is very hard per instructions etc. . I would not buy this iron .
 After reading the reviews I thought I would take a chance on this iron . My son has a panasonic iron that I use at his house and I love it , so that was another reason I was willing to take a chance . I was replacing a Rowenta that was spitting and dripping all over my clothing . This one said `` no drips '' and I believed them . It worked fine for about a week and the drips started . Wrapped that puppy up and sent it back !
 I received this iron in a timely manner and immediately tested it on some clothes needing to be ironed . This iron heated up poorly , never getting very hot , and was incredibly drippy . Maybe this was a defective one , I do n't know . I do n't want another one of these to try . It was a really bad iron . Previously , I had a Rowenta for at least 10 years that had broken and decided to try this Panasonic . I returned the Panasonic immediately due to its poor performance and have recently purchased another Rowenta , with which I 'm very happy .
 Originally rated this iron 5 stars , but am changing because the retractable cord did n't work on the first iron , returned got a replacement and the cord wo n't retract on this one either ! A design flaw , I suspect . If you do buy this iron , I 'd suggest be sure to keep receipts and buy somewhere you can return.The Panasonic NI-C78SR is the best iron I 've used in years !! Based on reviews , I purchased two Rowenta irons over the past 5 years and was unimpressed . I decided to try another brand and bought the Panasonic NI-C78SR , which was n't available in retail stores near me , but thanks to Amazon , I had my new iron in a matter of days after ordering . The weight is just right for me , not too heavy , not too light . The design is sleek and user friendly . Love the retractable cord . The steam output is fantastic -- much better than either of the Rowenta irons I owned . I like this iron so much , I 'm tempted to buy another as back-up , just in case the company stops making this model .
 I bought one Panasonic NI-C78SR from Amazon.com . When it arrived , the seal -LRB- tape -RRB- of the plastic bag was broken and the water tank had water in it . I returned it to Amazon and received another one with the same condition - a broken-seal bag and water in the tank . I guess the iron comes with water .
 Got this in February 2011 , it is now September 2011 and it is broken . ` Nuff said . Was n't that impressed with it anyway . : - -LRB-
 Handle design on this iron is very poor and uncomfortable.If you are right-handed , the release button for the reservoir is positioned right where your index finger wraps around the handle . This causes the button to poke uncomfortably into your hand the entire time you hold the iron . If you scoot your hand back on the handle , the heel of your hand will be resting on the cord retracting button.I am male with average size hands and the grip on this iron is too small and poorly designed for even short , occasional use .
 I loved this iron while it worked , but just the other day it seemed to overheat during use . The iron got so hot it burned my ironing board cover and it was smoking a bit . I turned it off and when I plugged it back in it would not work . I feel that an iron should last long than a few years , dare I say 10-20 years . I will not buy this iron again due to short life .
 Everything is OK except the retractable and flat -LRB- or H -RRB- - shape power code . But it prevents me from the joy of ironing .
 Safety first , right ? Your instructions explicitly say to TURN THE POWER OFF BEFORE UNPLUGGING ! So why do n't you follow your own advice?Excuse me while I go put my hand in a bucket of cold water .
 I use my iron primarily for sewing , which I do a great deal of . I think this iron might work out fine for someone who does n't do a ton of ironing , or who does a lot of light-duty work , but it 's definitely let me down at the level I use it.I 've been using this iron consistently now for about 6 months , and here 's what I 've found : PROS : - Heats up quickly - Gets quite hot - Tons of steam - Easy to see how much water is leftCONS : - Cover/lid for the water compartment snapped off very easily - is now broken - Retractable cord only semi-retracts at best , is clunky - Cord is in a very awkward place - Large base to contain cord -LRB- this is n't that big a deal though - just a little clunky/awkward -RRB- - `` Automatic self cleaning '' spits tiny pieces of white junk out constantly throughout ironing . This bothers me intensely . I 've had self-cleaning irons before that never did this . - Water compartment button is in a weird place , I 've accidentally detached it while ironing a couple times - Dial is very poorly-designed -LRB- why is 50 % of the dial `` off '' ? -RRB- I 'll be buying a new iron soon , that 's for sure . I was hoping that with the good reviews , this cheaper iron would serve my needs adequately , but I wind up fuming at it every time I pull it out - which is often daily .
 We purchased two of the black 10 piece model -LRB- cast iron -RRB- of this fondue set for a party we were having . Although it did the job fine be warned that the `` fondue '' brass plaque that is featured on the side is glued on . Once the pot is heated the glue melts making the hot plaque fall off onto the table , then the melted glue will continue dripping down the side of the pot into the flame permeating the air with a burnt chemical smell . It is obvious that this product was not tested before going to market but on the bright side , the plaque is -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- ugly so the fondue pot looks better without it . FYI
 I bought T-fal 's top of the line Avantis iron even though I only have light ironing to do . It broke in less than a year - losing heat completely . T-fal would not stand behind it . I wrote to them several times . They insisted on the original sales receipt despite the fact I had the charge on my American Express bill . They had no technical advise either . Read other Amazon reviews on their products breakdowns ! I 've paid half as much for irons that lasted for years . Avoid this turkey and this company . I 'll never buy another T-fal product and neither should you !
 My wife and I both dislike this product . Although I can manage to fill it , my wife dislikes the little slide-out water fill door . We both found the `` non-stick '' soleplate problematic . While it appears to works ok with most fabrics , we always end up with burnt residue on the soleplate -LRB- yucchh ! -RRB- . We try to adjust the temperature , but the temperature dial is not very intuitive either . We we 're disappointed safety-wise as well . I left the iron on , when we went out , and returned hours later to find it still hot ! Thankfully it was left upright on the ironing board , so no harm done , but could 've been tragic . We did n't pay a lot for the iron -LRB- around $ 30 -RRB- , but I 'm sure we could 've done better . just sign me `` Looking for a new iron ''
 I bought this iron because of the positive comments and reasonably high rating , but unfortunately it was a bad purchase . The problem with my iron is that the soleplate gets dirty very easily and despite what the manual says , cleaning it is next to impossible . I have been ironing with regular stainless steel irons -LRB- without any special coating -RRB- before , and while they get dirty once in a while they 're really easy to clean ; this T-Fal model is almost impossible to clean even following the recommendations from the manual . After several months of use , in additional to the soleplate problems , the iron started to spit water . I do n't know if this is just an issue with my particular iron or with this product in general . I finally sent the iron to an authorized repair facility and got a replacement , but I 'm not sure I 'll be using it . Will probably sell it . The T-Fal support represenatives were really nice , though . I had an original sales receipt and since the item was still under warranty , I did not have any problem getting repair authorization , but it costed me around $ 5 for shipping .
 I bought T-fal 's top of the line Avantis iron even though I only have light ironing to do . It broke in less than a year - losing heat completely . T-fal would not stand behind it . I wrote to them several times . They insisted on the original sales receipt despite the fact I had the charge on my American Express bill . They had no technical advise either . Read other Amazon reviews on their products breakdowns ! I 've paid half as much for irons that lasted for years . Avoid this turkey and this company . I 'll never buy another T-fal product and neither should you !
 This was the best iron ever in the beginning . Light in weight . Smooth non-stick plate . Then it started spitting on everything . Leaked water . Now the dial just keeps spinning . No adjustments . Can only iron on super hot . Well , that 's great for cotton or linen , but any synthetic fabric burns . This iron only lasted about a year . I can say that I did love it at first , but sad to see it die in such a short time . Will definitely NOT buy this model again !
 I thouroughly read reviews before purchasing . was looking to replace a broken steam iron . this does not make for a good replacement . Takes a long time to iron with and a long time to `` master '' .
 Why is it so difficult for manufacturers to make an iron that works ? This one started spitting water droplets from the moment I turned it on , and it never quit . I have had T-fals in the past that worked , but not this one . I suspect they have changed their construction as I had bought one from Target months ago -LRB- a different model -RRB- and it did the same thing . The best thing about this was Amazon 's return policy ... piece of cake , no shipping charge , and the amount was credited back to me immediately . T-fal could take a lesson !
 After the wonderful reviews here , I bought this iron for a gift for my daughter . She liked it a lot , so a few months later , I bought one for myself when my old iron of 10 years finally quit . As promised , it glides VERY smoothly and NO DRIPS . Here 's the kicker ! My iron just totally quit working after 2 months . Would n't even heat up . I got out my warrenty , only to find no phone number available to call the company . My only option was to PAY to send the iron back to a service center where they would take `` up to 10 weeks '' to determine if the problem was covered by warrenty , then either REPAIR or replace the iron . Meanwhile , what am I supposed to use for an iron for those 10 plus more weeks ??? Also , my daughter recently informed me that her iron quit working after having it for 10 months , so I 'm convinced I did n't just happen to get a `` lemon '' . I read all the instructions and used the iron correctly , so the fault obviously lies in a faulty heating element in ALL these irons . I 'll never buy anything in the T-Fal brand again . I 'm most upset that they do n't even provide a number to contact the company about this poor product !
 I bought this iron based on all good reviews on Amazon and what a total disappointment this iron was . First of all , it gets overheated and then starts frying your clothes . Then , it got burn stains that were impossible to remove . I 've used this iron for less than a year and it 's now a piece of junk ready to be thrown away . Would not recommend .
 The `` Ultraglide '' sole plate is not gliding very well anymore . After getting a little starch on the sole plate a brown charred film started to form over a small area . I cleaned it with a nylon pad but now the area constantly forms this film , always the same area , and the once smooth surface is rough and irregular . Ironing dress shirts is frustrating now because the iron does n't glide at all anymore.I never had this problem with other manufacturer 's irons and I am disgusted with this iron 's poor quality .
 This iron works ok for simple ironing -- nearly as well as the 40-year-old GE I had previously . It heats up fairly fast , makes steam , and does n't slobber all over the clothes . However , it shuts itself off much too quickly -LRB- a few minutes -RRB- even if you set it on its heel . Then you have to unplug it and wait a couple of minutes for it to cool down before you can start again . So if you are ironing a hem and you need to stop to pin something , the iron will turn off and you have to go through the unplug & wait routine . Very annoying . I notice that the professional irons do n't have this `` feature '' . Other complaints -- the slider heat control is hard to read and is a bit confusing -- the top 30 % is labelled -LRB- cotton , silk , etc -RRB- , but the rest of the range is unmarked , so what does it do ? I also do n't see the need for a variable control on the steam . I either want steam or not , but with the adjustable steam lever sometimes I bump it out of position and then wonder why the steam is n't working right . For me , a professional iron without the any auto-shutoff would be better , or perhaps a cheap model with the simple 30-minute auto-shutoff timer . These at least have a reset button you can push to restart it without having to unplug it and wait .
 We bought this iron a couple of years ago and when it was about 18 months old the heat adjustment lever became very sticky . After a little over two years of occasional use , it came apart inside , so that the iron was permanently set to high . Being a handy person I could see through the clear panel what came loose and figured it would be easy to fix it . But the iron is put together in a way to really discourage the home fixer . I finally figured out a way to pry it apart enough to slip my finger in and fix the rack and gear but since it 's all made of plastic I do n't expect the fix to be permanent .
 THE IRON DOES HEAT UP FAST AND PRODUCE A GOOD AMOUNT OF STEAM BUT IT SPITS AND SPUTTERS EVEN WHEN SET AT THE HIGHEST TEMPERATURE . IT DID IRON WELL BUT THE BURST OF STEAM FEATURE SHOT OUT A BIT OF WATER AS WELL AS STEAM . THE FINAL PROBLEM WAS THAT THE PLUG WOULD NOT STAY IN MY WALL SOCKET . I HAVE TWO OTHER OLD IRONS AND THIS WAS NEVER A PROBLEM USING THE SAME SOCKET . I WILL RETURN THE IRON .
 I bought T-fal 's top of the line Avantis iron even though I only have light ironing to do . It broke in less than a year - losing heat completely . T-fal would not stand behind it . I wrote to them several times . They insisted on the original sales receipt despite the fact I had the charge on my American Express bill . They had no technical advise either . Read other Amazon reviews on their products breakdowns ! I 've paid half as much for irons that lasted for years . Avoid this turkey and this company . I 'll never buy another T-fal product and neither should you !
 Great while it worked , but lasted less than 2 years . Just quit heating .
 I bought T-fal 's top of the line Avantis iron even though I only have light ironing to do . It broke in less than a year - losing heat completely . T-fal would not stand behind it . I wrote to them several times . They insisted on the original sales receipt despite the fact I had the charge on my American Express bill . They had no technical advise either . Read other Amazon reviews on their products breakdowns ! I 've paid half as much for irons that lasted for years . Avoid this turkey and this company . I 'll never buy another T-fal product and neither should you !
 I took this brand new iron out of the box , filled it with tap water per intructions to iron a brand new yellow cotton dress shirt . I bursted the steam , and low and behold it deposits black dirt specks on my shirt . So I use the self-clean feature to clean out the chamber , go back to iron the shirt and the same thing happens again . This thing got the wrinkles out but deposited dirt on my shirt ... brand new out of the box . Is it too much to ask for an iron that does n't ruin your shirt while it irons it ?
 Pie pan worked well when initially used for baking but when washed in dish washer the became very rusty around flutter edeges . These results were not favorable the pan was poorly processed and I am not encourgaged to use again . I bought two I am tempted to return second pan . The pans were expensive and the rusty outcome was let down .
 I got a set of four of these pans , took the tags off , washed them , and thought they were not deep enough . Om measuring , I found from rim to bottom they were a hair under 3/4 inches . The base of the rim and the removable bottom were about 1/16 of an inch . Bottom line is that the depth of filling to the top of the rim was close to 45/64 of an inch , leaving over 1/4 inch of the 1 inch in claimed height not existing .
 This item is much smaller than advertised . it is supposed to be 4.75 x 1.1 '' and actually is 4.5 x .75 . I ordered several of these for a specific purpose , but cancelled the remainder after I received the first one . Either I received the wrong item , or they are too small !
 The hanger was supposed to hang a platter up to 30 inches . My 25 inch platter was hung as soon as the hanger arrived . Shortly after , the hanger stretched out and my beautiful platter fell and broke . When the platter fell , it also broke a bowl sitting under it that I had brought home from Spain . Beware , this hanger can hold only the lightest of plates !
 This item does not work . I purchased it to hang a platter that is 19.5 '' in diameter and while the hanger did fit when I tried to hang it all it would do is stretch out . My recommendation is to only use it for 30 '' -LRB- and possibly larger -RRB- platters . Very dissapointing !
 THIS DID NOT WORK WELL AT ALL . IT WAS WAY TOO BIG . DID NOT HANG CORRECTLY AND WAS CHEAPLY MADE.WON ' T BE ORDERING THIS EVER AGAIN , I WILL JUST GO TO HOME DEPOT INSTEAD
 I was trying to hang a coca cola tray on my wall . The reviews showed that the springs were too weak for plates . I thought it would work for a metal tray but I was wrong . I had ordered 2 hangers and had to use the springs from the 2nd hanger or the tray would sag enough for the top hooks to let go of the tray . The hooks are too large and thick and show too much .
 I got this and new that it could be a little loose since my plate was 16 &#34; . I used it and after only a couple of weeks I heard a big crash in my dining room . The plate and the hanger were both laying on the ground .
 I was really excited to finally find a plate holder of this size . That quickly dissipated as we had to remove the springs which could n't hold the weight of a plate between 16-30 inches in diameter , and replace them with stronger metal wire . I would not recommend this product .
 These salad servers are barely bigger than a soup / dessert spoon . I bought them for a craft , to make beaded salad servers as gifts for friends , but was really surprised at how small they landed up being . It was too much effort to return them , so I still beaded them , but I felt sheepish giving the gifts , as I had hoped for larger more impressive servers .
 I read the great reviews on this site before I ordered this iron . It worked well the first time but from the second use it has consistently spewed mineral deposits onto my clothes . I have repeatedly used the recommended cleaning process but this does not help . The only way I can use this iron is without the steam . I have an almost identical model from T-Fal that has none of these problems.I 'll be replacing this one with a cheap model from Walmart.What a disappointment !
 I bought T-fal 's top of the line Avantis iron even though I only have light ironing to do . It broke in less than a year - losing heat completely . T-fal would not stand behind it . I wrote to them several times . They insisted on the original sales receipt despite the fact I had the charge on my American Express bill . They had no technical advise either . Read other Amazon reviews on their products breakdowns ! I 've paid half as much for irons that lasted for years . Avoid this turkey and this company . I 'll never buy another T-fal product and neither should you !
 I have had several T Fal irons over the years and never had a problem . This one though I returned after two weeks . It took a long time to heat up . . spurted water all the time with the steam burst and the slide would get caught and not move up to the cotton . . I am not sure if this model has had quality issues , but i really like their irons just not this one .
 This iron has a great marketing advertisement but the performance of it falls short . The `` Ultraglide '' is something that can only be experienced when the iron is clean and nothing sticks to it . I have never had to buy any hot iron cleaner until I bought this iron . The sliding heat dialer broke right after I bought it and not it is stuck to only hot and very hot . The steam button does not recoil back to its position either so it can not be used . Auto shut-off does work though but that is the only consistent feature.Not worth the money !
 I really like this iron , it glides very smoothly . The temp setting broke with a few weeks . I know I could have sent it in for a warranty repair , but I decide not to bother .
 I agree with all the positive comments about this iron . Did a great job of ironing , glides , etc. , etc. . Only problem is the soleplate got dirty , from plastic thread or whatever , I do not know . I cleaned it , used it again and after a few minutes it was dirty again . This kept happening and I just could NOT keep it clean . Finally I just took it and threw it in the dumpster . I have never had this problem with any iron before or with the one I bought to replace it .
 This iron is horrible for spitting and staining ... which is too bad since it is lightweight and presses easily ... but the spitting is too annoying and damaging to ignore .
 I spent somewhere in the range of $ 60 - $ 80 on this iron a few years ago , and expected to get what I paid for . Oddly , it seems that I paid for junk even though the price did n't reflect that at all . After spending what I thought was a decent amount of money on it , I 've been too stubborn to go buy a new one .1 st problemIt leaks water all over , instead of just spurting steam as it should . This is n't something that happened with age
 I purchased this on Mar. 6 , 2006 . It lasted exactly 10 months then died . Apparently the switch linkage broke inside the iron . The control slides very loosely and it no longer gets hot . Ha
 I purchased this in Jan 06 - here it is May 11 . 06 . I have to return it to manufacture for replacement , the iron has auto shut off now it will not shut off ! . You know that feeling when you leave on vacation and forgot to turn the iron off well ... . it could be true.I do not want another auto-shut-off to scary .
 I purchased this iron instead of the Rowenta I had looked at and now wish I had purchased . The T-Fal is OK but I believe I would have been much happier had I purchased the Rowenta.Sorry T-Fal but you need to try harder .
 Unfortunately , these cake pans are really just too small , the madelaines do not cook correcly in them , I have tried twice with two different recipes , I dont recommend buying such small trays unless you are a real expert baker perhaps .
 I bought this to give as a gift . I received it in a plain box that looked like something you 'd get from Chinatown or from an importer . It 's not what I expected for $ 80 +10 shipping ... I decided it was n't high enough quality to give as a gift and calibrated the barometer following the instructions . The barometer was difficult to calibrate because the needle sticks so much . As you turn the screw , it moves erradically ... If you tap the plastic case , the barometer will jump to whatever the reading should be . Otherwise , it sticks to where it was the last time you tap the case . I 'm tempted to return it since the barometer is inaccurate . I do n't know how accurate the thermometer or hydrometer are yet . They appear to more accurate , but have n't tested them with my old weather station for comparison.All of the instruments look nice , but are made of lightweight plastics . The looks of this thing are deceiving ... it looks great , but feels cheap . The wood is finished nice and can be hung horizontally as well as vertically.I 'm rating it 2 stars for its looks ... it lost 3 stars for lack of quality materials , packaging for gifting , and high price .
 This is a toy . The web description did not give a size , so I was surprised to see how smalland ineffective it was . Tried to return it , but the computer hung on printing , in spite of attemptsover the weekend . Maybe I can think of a use for it .
 I purchased this bellows to stoke my charcoal BBQ . I quickly found it to be too small to serve as much more than a toy . The wooden grips are too narrow for my hands to grasp well and the puff of air it produces is small and brief . The brass pins began popping out of the leather right out of the box .
 This bellows is far too small and far too chintzy to actually use . It 's fine if you just want a fashion accessory for your fireplace , but it 's cheaply made and really does NOT push enough air to get even the smallest fire going .
 The product has an excellent design but after only a couple of weeks of use it started to look a little torn up and burnt up , even though those of us using it in our household kept it well away from the flames . I ca n't recommend a better bellows due to the fact this is the first one I 've needed to purchase , but I definitely think it could be built to tolerate heat a little better !
 disc is for cleaning , but gets jammed up with the old grinds trying to come through . We stopped using the tassimo alltogether .
 Product does look like what is pictured , but measurements are off and fall short of what was needed or expected . Described as 2 '' X 14 '' . Stone fence pieces were barely 1 '' tall and stone fence posts measure barely over 1-1/4 '' tall . I was counting on the whole fence being at least 2 '' tall for my village area . It will have to do , but I would not have purchased it had I known it was that small .
 I got 15.5 x 5 inch , non-stick . I was really looking forward to making madeleinewith this sheet , but it was TOO SMALL to make soft , fluffy madeleine cookies . Like other people said , bigger pans should do a better job ! I will probably getChicago Metallic 12-Cup Nonstick Madeleine Pan .
 I made Madeleine cookies using this pan and also my Elastomoule pan . What a HUGE difference . The cookies made using the Elastomoule pan were perfect - looked like they came from a French bakery . The cookies made using this pan were hard to get out of the mold - even though I thoroughly buttered as suggested . They also had a very brown look to them . In fairness , they did taste the same but they sure did n't look anywhere near as good . I do NOT like this pan and plan on trying to sell it and purchase another Elastomoule pan .
 I ordered online two products that I wanted . I never got the items . Just an e-mail saying they could not deliver my package . I was then only credited half of what they charged me . I had to get my credit card company to reverse the charge . When I e-mailed the company to ask how I could buy the products I wanted they said I would just have to go back online and reorder - They had no interest helping me . I strongly suggest you buy from someone else who actually wants to help you when there is a problem .
 this is not for the basic Bosch - only for the Braun unit . The machines take different piercing units so just be careful when you are ordering one for your machine . I have searched Amazon.com and they do n't seem to carry the one for the Bosch , only the Braun .
 I opened the package up to find some fruit crusher . Was not worth the time and energy to get fixed . Ordered direct from Tassimo so I could be assured to get the correct item .
 I really goofed up this time . I bought a Braun piercing unit , but I needed to buy Bosch piercing unit . They are not interchangeable !
 The product looks nice and is constructed of thick stainles steel . I do n't like the rubbery stopper at the end of the spout but it works.The problem is that the thing drips like crazy if you 're doing anyting less than a max pour .
 This is a gorgeous looking decanter that is comfortable and presentable . However , it is extremely messy . The contents leak through the lid and create a mess especially as the level gets low .
 When you wish to pour more than a very small drizzle , the oil comes out of the top of the can . I regret to say , I threw this away . I replaced it with a Rachel Ray bottle .
 When you tip to pour sufficient liquid , it overflows over the top . This is a faulty design . If I could , I would return
 This is my 2nd one of the kind . Both cracked when used to brew tea . I only assume it 's not tempered for boiling water . What a shame .
 I could not figure out how to pour from this without dripping . I just threw mine away since it would have cost almost the same amount to ship it back as the item itself , at least when it was $ 10 before .
 Small capacity and drips no matter how pitcher is help . Acrylic insert takes up quite a bit of storage volume .
 We 've been using this pitcher on a daily basis for the last year and while overall it works ok , it has one fatal flaw . We can not pour a liquid out of it without dripping liquid all over the floor or counter . For every glass poured you have to get the kitchen towel or a paper towel . Regardless if it is me , my wife or my 12 y.o. son pouring , it always seems to drip and require cleanup.Also , the ice holder we got rid of into the recycling bin soon after getting the kit and the stirring stick broke in half after the first two months . Also because of the shape it is a little harder to clean too.A lass pitcher should n't be that difficult . It is a simple implement that you need to mix in , pour from and store in the fridge . So with all of these flaws , this things is going in to the recycle bin soon and be replaced .
 The pitchers is glass and looks nice . It is of good quality and handles boiling water with no problem . I use it almost exclusively for making tea and it works OK . However , it does n't pour well especially when it 's full . Liquid runs under the lip and down the front of the pitcher . It 's difficult to clean as you ca n't get your hand through the neck . The cap fits OK and the little stirrer stick works -LRB- have never found a use for this -RRB- . The ice container that screws on to the inside of the lid deformed the first time it was used . It will still screw on but looks a bit like a lickerish stick . All in all , I would n't buy this again .
 Maybe I 'm doing something wrong when I simply try to pour liquid out of it , but no matter my speed , whatever is in it drips down the side and all over the floor/counter . Pouring liquid is not rocket science , any normal person should be able to do it with minimal effort . This pitcher completely fails unless someone can correct me . Anyone who actually has success with this thing , please post a video review because I have to see it to believe it .
 Although this pitcher is a good idea in theory , it does n't perform well . The ice tube takes up a lot of space in the pitcher only allowing for about 7 cups or 56 ounces of liquid . The ice tube screws onto the bottom of the lid and because the lid just rests on top of the pitcher , the ice tube makes the lid float up above the top of the pitcher . Pouring from the pitcher is a disastrous mess ! Wish that I would have purchased a different pitcher .
 Flimsy !!! I put it in the sink & filled it with suds & it tipped ove & it just cracked !!! Glass very thin ... Never got a chance to use it !!!
 This was an impulse purchase . I needed a pitcher and was seduced by the built in tea maker , which takes up most of the carafe , leaving very little useful space . I would not buy again .
 The glass jug came along with three other items I ordered from Amazon . And of course since I was so eager to try the jug I opened it first and uh , the thing was broken to 23443 different pieces . The ice container and the lid were the only things I could make out from the box . The packaging sucks ! It was n't even labeled as FRAGILE . Such a disappointment ! I 've ordered countless products from Amazon and never was I let down like this . Blah . Never again .
 Simply not worth the price . Lid is ridiculous . Poor design all the way around . How hard is it to design a decent glass pitcher for tea these days ?
 I ordered this item for a Xmas gift , however when we put the picture in with the matting it did not fit , the frame and glass were crooked so picture did not fit . However you could not see this in looking at the product only when you tried to fit the picture and matting together in the frame.Very disappointed in this item and would not order anything made by the Memory Company again . I have also contacted the Memory Company who makes this frame to see what their response will be .
 The chair was much smaller than the dimensions listed on the site . It should not be listed as a `` teen '' chair since my 125lb . 14 year old could not fit in the chair . The chair was returned to Homevisions and the cost and shipping were gladly refunded .
 They go by Haus of Blankets , Gravity Trading and Solaron but it is the same company ... . Review Title says it all .
 I 'm surprised to see people giving this vacuum a good review for pet hair . I do n't know if it 's the suction or just the brush on the head , but during each cleaning I have to flip the head over , pull the hair out of the brush , and poke it in the hole while the vacuum is running ! It also wo n't pick up even the tiniest little hard item , like a 1/4 '' sized stone , even if I go to the trouble of setting it right on top so the brush does n't interfere . This is very aggravating and always makes me wish I was using my GE which picks up hair and much bigger stones very well and cost half as much.I do like its maneuverability and quietness , but I wish it was free standing with the floor head on . Overall , not so impressed and wo n't buy another .
 This is the wrong part for my machine . The tank might fit my machine , but without the lid it is usless . I threw it away the day it was delivered . I did save the cartridge .
 Although well made , and competitively priced , the unit was a disapointment because the fan does not ocilate , and so the mist concentrates in one area causing wetness . I returned it to get another model that does ocilate .
 I was not impressed with the quality of the sham . The stitching was crooked and not well crafted .
 I was surprised at how small these pillow shams were , I dont think I 'll be keeping them . A normal pillow would have to be stuffed inside of them , they look miniature .
 Very disappointed in the color . The loden is dark green rather than the gold color I thought I was ordering . Think twice .
 Misunderstood the term `` boudoir sham '' and thought it was a regular pillow sham . Had to return for size . Thought item should have been more clearly described as meant for a small , decorative pillow and not a traditional pillow sham . Forced to spend shipping to get and return . Probably nothing wrong with item except confusing description .
 Apparently did n't read the description closely enough . 50 % cotton , 50 % POLYPROPYLENE , which is what cheap rugs are made of . Ugh . Figured no big deal , they go on the back of the bed , I 'm not going to be sleeping on them , it does n't matter . But alas , not only are they unpleasantly slick and petroleum-based-synthetic feeling , but after a week or two they start to PILL . BIG TIME . So now they feel gross * and * they look all manky . Booooo . Will order 100 % cotton ones as soon as I can locate some in the correct size and pattern.Oh , also ? They cheaped out on the insert/opening design on these -- there 's no closure , the opening is all the way at one end , and the fabric at the opening overlaps like MAYBE half an inch . Which means your pillows are going to constantly try to come out , and there 'll always be a big unattractive gap , so the side with the opening ALWAYS has to face down .
 Pattern was as expected . texture is perfect . color was not a slate blue , it was light blue.keeping it anyway , dont have time to return .
 I bought this with what I thought was a matching bed skirt . Turns out although the pattern is the same , the manufacturer is the same , and the name of the fabric is the same , the care instructions are not . The bedskirt is washable , the sham is not . The sham is an impractical purchase for me , as I will not have it dry cleaned . My fault , I guess for not checking more closely ... I guess I 'll wash it when it 's soiled and see what happens . Would not buy another one .
 The chair was much smaller than the dimensions listed on the site . It should not be listed as a `` teen '' chair since my 125lb . 14 year old could not fit in the chair . The chair was returned to Homevisions and the cost and shipping were gladly refunded .
 Lasted 10 months then ON/OFF switch stopped working . But , while it worked it was a nice little item . Ten months of use is nothing to be proud of . Maybe that 's why it 's no longer available.Not the first time Black and Decker has let me down . But , it 's the last time .
 This coffee pot leaks water all over the counter . The coffee grinds back up into the water area requiring extra effort to clean .
 This tie rack is poorly made and falls apart . The tie bars are poorly soldered on and as such it bends and breaks easily . one of the tie bars fell off before i even took the cardboard wrapper off the package .
 This is a cheap quality tie rack . It looked a lot better in the advertising . It is not worth purchasing or paying for the shipping .
 The image really looks like a ceramic plate , with mottled edges , but these are melamine . The item description should have mentioned that .
 There are five measuring spoons , but in very strange sizes . This is a European company and they have converted the metric measures to English equivalent . If you are using the metric system , great , but if you are using an English system cooking book , for example , anything in the US , then these will be useless . There is n't even a tablespoon measurement .
 Does not stick to anything . The slightest touch and 90 % of the fake snow falls off . This product is a waste of time , money , and resources !
 Before I even open the box , it was all reaped up!It came with two broken wheels and I had to tape all around to keep it in one piece . The fan seems to work pretty well , but the cooling system does not exist . The blown air does not get cold . This is the worst thing I ever bought!I can not believe i paid shipping US$ 80 just for a piece of crap !
 After 12 hours of operation I found this unit to be the costliestmistake since my divorce 13 years ago . It is currently 88 deg F outside ; the best this unit will do is drop the inside temp to 85 deg F ... in aroom with all windows closed and approxiamtely 260 sq ft. area . Theexhaust hose radiates almost as much heat as the cold air it dischargesinto the room . In other words it appears to be fighting itself . Ireplaced a small -LRB- 5,000 BTU -RRB- window unit which would easily bring theindoor temp down 20 deg below the outside ambient . Hard to believe this -LRB- supposedly -RRB- 12,000 BTU gadget works full time for a 3 deg differential.I find it disgusting that anyone could ask $ 400.00 for such a worthlessitem .
 My son was so excited to get these sheets for his birthday . However , even after I washed them , they felt like sandpaper ... way too rough for anyone to sleep on so I ended up sending them back for a refund . Too bad !!
 I purchased this beautiful quilted comforter after looking for the perfect quilt to match my decor for approximately 2 months . When I received it , I was so happy that it matched so well and it was absolutely gorgeous . After 1 month , I noticed that some of the stitches were coming apart on the quilted portion of the comforter . I tried to sew it back together , but I noticed that it was coming apart in so many different areas . I have replaced the comforter with one that is not as beautiful , but I will have to pay the drycleaners to reinforce the entire comforter with new stitching . Once again , BEAUTIFUL BUT ... BAD QUALITY !
 The chair was much smaller than the dimensions listed on the site . It should not be listed as a `` teen '' chair since my 125lb . 14 year old could not fit in the chair . The chair was returned to Homevisions and the cost and shipping were gladly refunded .
 I had picked this up from a store and liked it so well I came to amazon looking for another one . That 's when I saw all the bad reviews for various PowerLock products and I just could n't figure it out . I still kept looking for another one and found it locally . Took it home and went to install it and it did n't remotely stick on , not for love or money . It was like it was a different breed of animal . I took it back to the store but I STILL wanted another one because my original one worked so well . I thought maybe the second one was old and the plastic of the suction cups had deteriorated.Well now my original one fell down after about a month . It had worked fabulously during that month . I was even going to take pictures to post here showing it holding 3 bottles of shampoos and conditioner in what was going to be a 5 star review.Falling down was bad enough but when I went to stick it up again it just would n't stick . It 's weird . When I had first applied it and pressed the PowerLock function I could feel the firm pressure and it held with no problem . But now when I press the PowerLock feature it feels very wimpy . With several tries to reaffix it , most of the time it just plain would n't stick . Once it stuck but it took only the slightest touch to send it falling.Like many other reviewers of Interdesign PowerLock products , I followed all the directions , cleaned the surface well , etc. . I have a not too old plastic or fiberglass tub surround that is very smooth . Anyway , none of that would explain why it stuck firmly for a month , fell off , and then ca n't even be reaffixed to the same surface . I am going to return mine to the store and if they wo n't take it back I will contact Interdesign . With so many people having similar complaints I do n't know how they can keep selling this stuff .
 I 've used the locking interdesign products before , and they have all stayed up on smaller units when there was a firm lock -LRB- when they make those on a production line , some come out to have loose lockings when you install them ... those usually are defective -RRB- . This big guy worked good for about a month , and then wham ! I did n't even have a lot of weight in it , but I suspect that these bigger models of this type of product are not good for putting up . The smaller ones with single suction locks seem to work better without ever falling off -LRB- as long as the lock was tight , and it was n't one of those devective ones that was loose brand new -RRB- . Take Care . . Stay away from this big guy . . go with the smaller ones , especially the hooks . . those work 8 out of 10 .
 I agree with previous posters . I thought this thing was working great , until I was awakened in the middle of the night by the sound of the caddy crashing to the shower floor . It only lasted about a month . I have used it for about a year , just putting it back up when it fell and have never been able to get more than a month out of it . This last fall was it 's last , as it busted in two.I have also had the same experience with the power lock hooks . I use them for mine and my son 's towel , but they never hold for more than a couple of weeks before the towels and hooks fall to the floor.I 'll be looking for something different this time . I do n't have time to fiddle with these things every couple of weeks .
 I thought I 'd give it a chance but I certainly regret it . When I first attached the basket to my shower wall , I thought the suction cups were very strong . Then it fell less than 10 minutes later . I have n't been able to get the thing to stick for more than 10 minutes . Now it just sits on the edge of my bathtub . Do n't waste your money . Seriously , do n't waste your money .
 The pillow looks great , but it smells so bad , chemical-like , that you do n't really want to put it next to your child . As a matter of fact , I would n't want to place it next to anybody .
 I ordered this pillow for my sons room and I got a TOTALLY different pillow . One would assume that the pictured pillow was what I would be getting . Instead I got a pillow with a `` shadow '' of Anakin and Obie Wan duelling . It 's an okay pillow but a HUGE dissapointment since my son was expecting the pictured one . I would be careful from purchasing from Target on Amazon .
 Unfortunately this item arrived with a flaw in the glaze and was unusable.I am waiting for a replacement
 this lunch box was much smaller than what it appeared on site . I think a better product descriptions would help .
 The plastic plugs in the bottom are so tight you have to use pliers to pull them out , and then they want to tear apart . I sent them back !!!
 The suction cups are n't worth much . I actually had to find plastic coated magnets to keep these -LRB- 2 -RRB- mats in place on my iron sink .
 We bought this steamer to replace a much-used Black & Decker steamer that had finally worn out after seven years.Out of the box , the Rival looked pretty iffy - instead of sturdy one-piece molded steaming trays , each of the trays was composed of an outer ring with a removable bottom . Maybe this was to make cleanup easier , but in daily use it meant having to assemble each tray before using them . Nothing huge , but annoying . Another annoyance , was that while the trays looked like they were the same size , and were not marked as top or bottom , there was a definite size difference and stacking order that has to be followed.The big problem was that after a month of use we went from getting acceptable results on a variety of steamed items -LRB- rice , veggies , tofu -RRB- to having things come out unevenly or under-cooked . very disappointing .
 Mine only worked two times then began to shut off after only a few minutes ... has plenty of water , too . Luckily I got it from Wal Mart who will take anything back .
 As others have said ... this thing worked for a few times . Then it started to shut off after a few minutes . The instructions said this meant it was low on water , but it clearly indicated it had plenty of water . It is now trash and I will find a different brand .
 I loved this steamer at first , however I am very disapointed , as I purchased this product in November and it stopped working in 2 months . I have contacted Rival and I have not received a response back from them and as per Rival 's warranty policy I must receive approval from them before I can send it in for repairs . Not pleased that I have to ship this product somewhere to get it fixed , the cost may not be worth it to have it repaired . So may have to toss this . What is odd is I bought this same steamer for my daughter over a year ago and her 's still works wonderfully -LRB- Sadd to say the one I purchased for my daughter was purchased from QVC -RRB- not sure if maybe Rival is providing Amazon with poor products -LRB- maybe gray market products that did n't pass Rival 's product testing inspections ?
 Just like others have posted , ours worked great for a couple of months but now it shuts off after 1-3 minutes . Junk . Junk . Junk . Very disappointing . Probably wo n't ever buy a Rival product again because of this experience .
 Save the box it came in , UPC code , proof of purchase , etc. . . This product worked for a while and then started to time-out before the set cook time . it does n't stay on for more than a minute . Broken !
 We bought this steamer and within 2-3 months it would not hold the time , I kept trying to reset it but it acted as if it was frozeup , I hated it !!! We ended up throwing this in the garbage . I would NOT suggest anyone to get this , unless of course you want to use it for 1-2 months !!!
 Love using this type of cooking for many foods - from fish to veggies , warming up leftovers like pasta dishes excellent , defrosting berries , etc. . Especially love the fact you do n't have to watch it - it rings a bell to tell you when done - BUT it breaks down too quickly . Have purchased 3 of them over the last 3 years - seems like the heat sensing core does n't stand up to constant daily use , or long steaming sessions , and never works right again if one forgets to put the water in - very unforgiving even tho it does shut itself off and supposedly able to handle this emergency
 I order it at 17 Dec 2006 . And it tell me I can receive it at around 24 Feb , 2007 . So , I wait for that . However , they send me a email at 23 Feb and say it will be delay to 1 Mar , also , there is possibility it will be delay again . Really feel too bad !!!
 I purchased this vacuum based on the great reviews ; however , I wish I had n't . Terrible on carpets even with the special carpet attachment and will only pick up the smallest items on hardwood floors . If you have a leaf or a penny , forget it . I have to sweep my hardwood floors BEFORE I vacuum because even the smallest little piece of paper or other household fluff gets left behind . The bag is the tiniest , very expensive , and only fills 1/3 of the way before the machine tells you it 's full . ONLY good thing is the retractable cord . As soon as I get this thing paid off , I 'm buying another brand as soon as possible
 When the hose split in 2 places on my 14 year old Miele , I did no research because I wanted another Miele - I 've recommended the brand to anyone listening . I wonder if this vacuum is now manufactured by a different company ? The S4 Carina is not nearly as good as my original -LRB- S2481 -RRB- - the cord is at least a foot shorter -LRB- a real nuisance -RRB- ; the suction is vague and just skims the carpet ; the new head is fatter and does not go under my furniture and to switch settings , the tab is too stiff for my toe , so I must bend down to switch from floor to rug -LRB- I have area rugs so this is no good -RRB- - fortunately , I simply attached my original head -LRB- the new one is relegated to the back of the closet -RRB- - which slides under furniture and can be `` adjusted by toe '' . -LRB- though the suction is of course , poor -RRB- . Maneuverability is awkward.I resent that I spent so much money because I trusted this brand . If your vacuuming needs are limited to a small floor-only area , and light-weight is important to you , then if the price is right , this vacuum is fine . Otherwise , keep shopping .
 I 've used a Miele for 15 years and loved it . The tubing finally split in 2 places so I replaced the vacuum w/Carina Miele . I did n't even shop around b/c I trusted this brand . I 'm convinced this vacuum is made by a different factory or with much much less care . It is all but useless . The cord is shorter by far . I 've never used an extension cord to vacuum and now I must . It does not slide under cabinets as the old one did . The suction is almost nil . Yes it picks up dust on the floor , but on the carpet , I must use the wand to scrape off even surface debris . Of course I can pay quite a bit more for a carpet attachment . I never needed one previously . Also I 'm using my old floor attachment b/c the Carina does n't shift from floor to carpet setting with my foot - I must bend over to push the stiff button . -LRB- And it does n't fit under furniture -RRB- . The absolutely only good thing about this vacuum is it is lightweight . I tried to contact Miele Company via 2 letters , 2 emails and telephone and have gotten nowhere . This I 've never experienced before with any Customer Service Department . Eg
 I have had this vacuum for about 3 years now . I wanted to love it so much -LRB- especially considering the price ! -RRB- but my final verdict is
 I purchased the Miele Carina vacuum to replace a Kenmore canister vacuum that is falling apart.The Kenmore , even in its dilapidated state is a better vacuum for the same price as the Miele . The controls for the Miele are on the canister itself which requires the user to bend down every time he or she wishes to change the setting . The floor/carpet switch on the head is hard to switch and again requires the user to bend down.It is OK for use on a floor , we have saltillo tile and it works OK . But on low pile carpeting it was incredibly hard work pushing the vacuum around.I 'm sticking with my old Kenmore .
 After the 1-year warranty expired , the bowl and lid started cracking all over , until I now have to replace it because the handle started detaching . The center stem is way too short which gives it much smaller capacity than 12 cups . When putting the bowl through the dishwasher , moisture and dirt remain in the hollow handle -- why would the handle not be sealed ?
 I love the base and all the attachments to this food processor . It is powerful , not too loud and looks good , but I need to order another bowl -LRB- 2nd time -RRB- in two years since they just do n't hold up . I am a very occasional user , maybe 2 times a month max . If you drop the bowl though , the mechanisms in the handle just do n't take the shock well .
 The Kitchenaid food processor is priced well at the top of the range available in Australia . It 's worth it in terms of power . However , the most used accessory , the bowl , is as others say ... not well designed . On mine the handle has become separated from the body and needs careful jiggling to get it to engage the switch . I am afraid it is becoming unsafe . Of course it 's now out of warranty , so I 'll have to purchase another bowl.In addition to this problem , the handle itself has filled with unsightly mouldy food remains impossible to remove in dishwasher or by hand washing . It should either be sealed , or solid , or dismantle-able . The manufacturers should have a good look at these faults as they are spoiling their reputation for reliable appliances !
 I used a Cuisinart food processor for almost twenty years . I only replaced the bowl once . I 've owned a KitchenAid food processor for under four years and this is my second replacement . The bowl and the lid break very easily .
 I thought this salt pig would solve a problem . We often measure salt in our palm and then decide it 's too much . We were keeping a bowl near the stove to put the extra into . The pig is cute . However , unless you pick up the pig and tilt it , it 's pretty hard to put salt into it . The little spoon that comes with it is useless . The handle is too short . The bowl of the spoon is too shallow to be useful . It does keep the kosher salt reasonably dry .
 I thought that this scale was going to be good news . Well , it was n't . You can step on the scale and each time receives a different weight . It also read almost 4 pounds heavier than the doctor 's scale . Do n't buy this scale .
 These boards are thick and heavy . I do n't really like the fact that they can only be used on one side because of the rubber feet . Plus , the wood does n't look that great . I ended up shelving them for good.There are better options out there , for example theTotally Bamboo Greenlight Utility Board , Medium .
 I ordered this item for a Xmas gift , however when we put the picture in with the matting it did not fit , the frame and glass were crooked so picture did not fit . However you could not see this in looking at the product only when you tried to fit the picture and matting together in the frame.Very disappointed in this item and would not order anything made by the Memory Company again . I have also contacted the Memory Company who makes this frame to see what their response will be .
 We purchased this table for $ 14.99 FULLY reading the other reviews so our hopes were not extremely high . BUT I figured for the price and a little help from a little wood glue we would be able to use the table for awhile ! NOT EVEN !! We assembled the table and the next morning my 22 pound 2 year old sat on one of the seats and it collapsed right under him . While he was falling to the ground -LRB- which is n't a very far fall ... its pretty low to the ground , that was n't the issue -RRB- a VERY sharp wood screw protruded out and gouged a three inch gash out of his tiny little leg . We cleaned it up and came to the conclusion it was deep enough for a visit to the ER . Now the table is sitting completely broken out on our deck , just waiting for the recycling truck . My issue is not the money paid ... its the safety of this table . It needs to be taken off Amazon and Becks Internation needs to upgrade their quiality control . SO DISAPPOINTED !
 Even if the rest of the negative reviews were wrong -LRB- which they are not , but I wo n't bore you with a repeat of the same complaints -RRB- , the seats are very far away from the table , making it difficult for a small child to do anything -LRB- eat , draw , read , etc -RRB- on the table.When the screws backed out , seats came off , and table collapsed , we considered fixing it with new screws , holes , wood glue , etc. , but really the design makes it not that great of a table and not even worth the time to do that . In my opinion , it 's not even worth the 14.99 we paid . Someone paying full price would probably be livid .
 I felt compelled to review this table after I started assembling it , and it was falling apart with each piece that I attempted to assemble . The quality is horrible . When I purchased it , I thought it would be good enough for occasional use by my son . All of the other negative reviews are true , and Amazon should stop selling this item . I 'm positive that it is unsafe and it will be heading to the dump where it belongs .
 This table came damaged due to poor packaging . The directions were shredded , there was NO hardware at ALL , and there was an obscure board added to the shipment that did not belong . The white material is a pressed cardboard with white veneer type covering , that is cheap and like I said was damaged in many places . DO N'T buy this unless you want to be extremely dissapointed .
 Sadly ... you get what you pay for and this table was on sale for only $ 15 when we got it . Now we know why . It seemed flimsy already when we built it but it was broken w/in days by 3 tiny girls.Wouldn ' t recommend .
 I got this table in hopes that I would n't have to get one of the $ 100 little tables for the kids , but this thing just does n't cut it . You have to be extremely careful when you move it or you 'll pop the seat right off and then you have to drill another hole to get it to stay . I think that I over paid for this and I only paid $ 15 . We put it out on the patio and it did n't take long for it to be completely destroyed . It has since been used for firewood . I would only buy this if you are looking for a disposable table .
 The table was packaged poorly . After seeing the box , I was n't surprised to find that the table was damaged . The edge of one side of the table top was split . One of the legs was also broken . It was a gift for my niece . . so I just fixed it the best I could.Poor quality pressed wood .
 This item arrived in a damaged box . There were multiple missing parts once opened . The most obvious missing parts were the seats . There were no seats in the box . The instruction manual was for an excercise machine . I am an avid Amazon shopper and have bought many items through Amazon . This table , the condition it came in , has to be the worst thing I 've ever purchased . Obviously I returned it , the return process was not so bad , but I am very disappointed that Amazon would send out such a defective product .
 This table is a piece of junk . It is poorly constructed . There was damage to the table top . The construction is absolute junk . The construction is so poor , I would not feel safe letting my child use this . Some of the wood pieces were separating at the joints . The mounts in the table top were loose , and I could pull them out by hand . I ca n't believe an item of such poor quality is sold for children . This is a lawsuit waiting to happen .
 I bought this for my children for Christmas . I am returning it . The product would not hold together when touched . We could not let our children near it . The screws went through the wood into the seats and it was incredibly flimsy . This product should be looked at and removed from the site . It is not safe use any type of use.If I could rate it a 0 I would . But I instead am putting all 1 's .
 I was disappointed to open the box and find the table top damaged with a big chip in the corner . I guess you get what you pay for ... I definitely would not recommend this product to others
 As we tried to assemble it , the very first screw we put in stripped out of the casing and the board fell right out . Besides other screws stripping out , the two boards for the bottom part were about an 1/8 of an inch different in length , which is n't much , but it was enough to make it so the table was n't flush , and the base seemed too wobbly . When we screwed the chair pieces on the boards , they were slipping off because the screws were either stripping out or not the right size for the hole that was pre-drilled . My husband used to work in the wood industry and said the boards were junk -LRB- the top and seats are n't solid wood , either -RRB- and the table as a whole as `` total garbage . '' He was also concerned about the safety of the table because if things were slipping apart while he was putting it together , it would probably happen while the kids were using it.We decided that even if we did get it together , it would take some wood glue , and then we did n't foresee it lasting very long with our kids using it . We gave up and decided that it was n't even worth the $ 15 and sent it back . Then , one of the pre-fabricated joints started coming loose as we put it back in the box . Granted , there is the `` you get what you pay for '' rule , but this was advertised as `` sturdy '' and we did n't find that to be true at all .
 The table top and seats are made of standard kids toy furniture quality , however , the legs were made out of cheap wood that is unfinished , rough , and splintery . One piece even had had wood putty -LRB- very noticeable -RRB- smeared about six inches long on side . This would n't be a bad buy if the table was marked as `` ready to sand and paint '' but it is n't . I considered keeping the table and fixing it , but as I began to put it together I realized that it is glued with small dowels in most places and the hardware provided would n't be enough to withstand a child getting on and off the seat for very long . Also , the box arrived looking fine , but once opened it revealed that it was not properly packaged to withstand shipping and the packaging material was insufficient which led to damage to the table top . All in all , even though I only paid $ 14.99 for it , I returned it . Sometimes a good deal is n't worth it .
 This desk is okay if you do n't move it around , but if you move it the desk part , that is attached to the chair , it moves and then kind of rubs on the chair leaving marks .
 If these were $ 40 I 'd give four stars for the value . But I paid $ 72 each for two and all four wood pieces came with some scuffing and scratching . Also , a couple of the plastic feet on the bottoms of the poles have molding defects . Finally , you have to waste time adjusting the screw points to make sure all the poles are straight . The mount points on the poles are n't just precision drilled to line up correctly.In short , these are overpriced Chinese junk . Amazing that you can screw up packing up two wood disks and four pipes , but this manufacturer managed it .
 The four storage containers would have been the right size to hold my 12 piece set of dinnerware . Only problem I had is where the product was made . It was made in CHINA !!!!! I DO NOT WANT MY $ $ $ SPENT ON PRODUCTS MADE IN CHINA ! RETURN TO SENDER !!!! AMAZON - PLEASE INDICATE WHERE PRODUCT IS MADE / COMES FROM SO I DO N'T WASTE MY TIME AND YOUR SHIPPING COST RETURNING PRODUCTS BACK TO YOU!Other than that - product would have been rated 5 stars .
 It was nice that they came with felt to separate the dishes . One of the storagecontainers had a broken zipper . I did n't feel they had enough padding around them.I sent them back along with the matching storage containers .
 The mold came to me in a broken package -LRB- a wooden mold in a broken paper envelope with no protection at all -RRB- . The mold was damaged in several places , mostly on the handle part . Although it is still functional , it looks like being chopped by an ax.The customer service was even worse than the product . The lady said `` oh , 3 other Chinese called back for the some problem , why is that ? why not white people ? you can return it but you 'll have to pay return postage yourself , because WE KNOW there is nothing wrong with the mold , it is just you do not like it ... we are being honest , how could the wood part be broken ? and it is only $ 7.95 , what do you expect ? `` Overall , it is an awful and dishonest company . I strongly suggest not buy from them .
 This product shows TWO molds , but arrived only ONE mold.The picture is misleading.The seller is dishonest .
 Picture shows two molds . But only one comes . Very misleading . Will not buy anything from this seller any more !!!!
 I was expecting two mold from the package as it is shown in the picture . But surprisingly disappointing it only come in one mold.Just be aware ! The seller is very misleading , there is no where in the product description that saying you will only get one mold not two as shown in the picture!Dishonest seller !
 Its a beautiful product but the first time I put it in the dishwasher it shattered . There were no instructions to the contrary and I had written to the manufacturer asking if it was dishwasher safe but received no answer to my inquiry . Presently I am just using a typical insulated carafe and # 4 paper filter and funnel to brew my coffee . It works fine but would be nice to be able to see how much water is filling the carafe instead of having to lift the funnel .
 I wanted a press that looked good as well as brewing great coffee . Upon opening the box , I saw a major design defect . The `` press '' stem is too short . When fully extended into the glass carafe , it is about 1.5 inches from the bottom of the carafe which means you ca n't even press your coffee . It 's too short to even touch the coffee grounds . I 'm sending it back unused . It 's a piece of garbage designed by an idiot . I wish Bodum would take a look at this design and then fix the problems . If they would , this would be a great product , but as it is , it 's dysfunctional . Do n't waste your money .
 I 'd originally bought this from Amazon and it arrived broken . I did receive credit , as Amazon 's customer service is terrific . Now for the review ... UPDATE
 Same experience as buffalowoman . Received one broken , and then the replacement , broken . Both shipped with cushioning on only two sides . Particularly galling was this fact
 Upon purchasing my new Bodum double walled drip coffee maker , I was thoroughly impressed with its ability to make coffee , keep it warm , and interest guests . After a couple weeks of careful use , I went about my daily routine . After warming up the reservoir , I poured my coffee into the warmed reservoir -LRB- via instructions as I had every time -RRB- . As I was sitting at my computer , about 10 minutes after the coffee had been prepared , I was startled by a loud `` pop '' and spent the next 10 minutes picking up glass , not drinking coffee . Being that I got the item for around $ 20 , I am not too upset , though I would be thoroughly upset had I paid retail . I would not purchase this item again . Total p.o.s. in my opinion .
 I was really looking forward to trying this set up for making coffee . I have a Chemex which uses paper filters so I like the idea of the gold filter . I also think the idea of having the double wall construction is a great for keeping the coffee warm . Alas , I have to give it a one star because it arrived with the inside chamber completely shattered ! But I give Amazon 5 stars for ease of returning the item and refunding the price . If the fragility cam be addressed then I see this as an ideal coffee setup .
 Sent the first one to me ... arrived in shards . Sent the second one ... also in shards . Both were sent UPS , but packed box inside a box , but with only padding around inner box on one side ! This is America , and there should be a way they can ship this to a customer in one piece !!!!! Instead , Amazon refunded my money , so now I have 2 filters , and NO CARAFE !
 I have to concur with the -LRB- Bodum stock holder ? -RRB- review above , it is a cool looking pot which should impress your friends while it lasts . The real deal is that it is not a great performer when it comes to keeping your coffee warm for any length of time . As well , mine shattered while sitting on a -LRB- wood -RRB- table , 10 minutes after brewing a pot , with no real cause . Pop , shatter , that was it . It 's your money . Good luck .
 I got one shattered coffee maker in the mail , asked for a replacement , and then was sent another shattered coffee maker . The packing job done by Amazon was grossly inadequate -LRB- and dare I say inept -RRB- , even though I explained in detail what happened to the first package . I would not recommend anyone buy this product and have it delivered . It is a fragile design and Amazon can not ship it safely .
 Unfortunately , I suffered a similar experience - the carafe was broken in shards upon arrival , though only the interior was actually broken.Judging from other user reviews and my own experience , I can only speculate that the problem lies not so much in the packaging -LRB- though it is woefully inadequate for something so delicate -RRB- , but rather in the design of the product itself . Clearly the glass is too thin or brittle to survive the wear and tear of transit , let alone daily use in a kitchen .
 I ca n't recommend this . As much as I love Bodum 's designs , the glass carafe on this coffee maker shattered the first time I used it . I made a pot of coffee , poured myself a cup , turned away and heard a ` pop . ' The thin glass at the bottom of the carafe had shattered - I can only assume because of temperature as there was no impact .
 Luckily my Bistro arrived intact , we admired its beauty , but agreed on it 's fragileness . As soon as I saw the upper paper thin glass funnel , I told my husband I would break it the first time I used it . The writing was on the wall from that moment . For the first week we handled it with utmost care , we babied it , we nurtured it , we handwashed it . Oh , how I scolded my husband when he put it in our stainless dish rack to dry . `` Are you crazy ? '' I asked him . If a teacup fell on it , it would break . Then on the seventh day in the slightest of rush , I tapped it on a bowl in the sink while hand washing it , and it shattered . Although I knew it was meant to be , I did not expect the day to come so soon . But , I had an idea ... Bodum must have known about this fragility ... this weakness in their product . I knew I could n't be alone with my problem . I went to the website searching for a replacement glass funnel . I phoned . I emailed.I was informed ... . that ... BODUM . DOES . NOT . MAKE . A. REPLACEMENT . FUNNEL . I was stunned and depressed . Money thrown to the wind ... I decided to make a terrarium out of the carafe . P.S. Could the woman with 2 funnels and 2 broken carafes please contact me?Do not waste your money here .
 I would like to review the item itself but after receiving 3 broken Bistro ` sAmazon e-mailed me that `` the problem is more widespread than they thought `` I am a big fan of Bodum and really wanted this coffee maker but not now that I know how fragile they are.Maybe Bodum will make a newer and thicker version later on . Then I will review the product.Looks and design an A + Quality and durability well you know the rest.Kudo 's to those of you that got one in one piece !
 I never got to try this product because during shipping the flask was broken , twice.Bistro Double-Wall 30-Ounce Pour-Over Drip Coffee Maker with Gold Filter
 My Bodum arrived intact despite Amazon 's woeful packing . Everything came through the dishwasher intact . I was able to brew 3 times until a slight tap shattered the funnel . The coffee I was able to brew was weak - indeed as one person has pointed out , the funnel does not hold the water in the grounds long enough to properly brew . So now , for $ 20 , I have a nice decanter . I can use it to pour coffee from a french press pot and reduce the sediment a bit . If I 'd paid more , this would be going right back to Amazon . Such a disappointment from an otherwise great company - Bodum.added Dec 2008
 I order it because it 's charming outlook . But , I did n't get a chance to use it because its broken when it arrived .
 Two more broken ones sent my way - first from my original order , second as the replacement . Carafe appears to be extremely fragile .
 I purchased the bodum double walled drip coffee maker and used it for a couple weeks . I loved the look of it , the feel of it and it made great coffee but the outside wall cracked straight across the bottem for no apparent reason . It was set on a cold stove top and the protective bumper was in place . The vessel had been preheated with warm water , I poured the hot water into it and a minite or so later ... the outside wall cracked . Very dissapointing . Now what do I do ?
 Item was not wrapped properly for shipping and arrived chipped . Decided to return and order from another seller .
 Read the fine -LRB- or missing -RRB- print carefully . This is not a general purpose vacuum purchase . You need to buy the carpet attachment to be able to vacuum carpets -LRB- another $ 100 -RRB- . If you want to return this item , they charge a restocking fee of 10 % and also deduct for the shipment -LRB- even if you got `` free '' shipping -RRB- AND you pay to ship the thing back . We ended up buying locally from Sears and are much happier with it than from Central Vacuum Stores - which is where the Miele came from .
 I was disappointed in this machine as soon as I plugged it in . It does not pick up dog hair out of area rugs or carpets . It worked well on hardwoods , but do n't waste your money on this machine . The `` turbo '' nozzle is anything but `` turbo '' . It needs electricity going to it to be effective , the suction just is n't enough as is.Beware of who you buy from and what their return policies are . Vacuums of America charged me a restocking fee of 15 % even though it does n't state that anywhere on their Amazon pages . They were even aware that it does n't state that and were willing to not charge me 15 % restocking fee if I purchased a different vacuum from them . Shady operation . Now I am going through the Amazon A-Z return guarantee to get the rest of my money back .
 This vacuum is not much more than an expensive pile of plastic . It is quiet , but it has very little suction . The parquet brush has an odd tooth-like brush desgn that is short and stiff , and it does n't pick up dust and hair from low-pile rugs at all . Also , the head tilts backwards when you pull back on it which is just bad design , period . The tools are dinky and awkward . If you have hard-surface floors only , live in a small place , and do n't mind making a poor investment , well , maybe this vacuum would suit you . I returned the vacuum the same day it arrived .
 I really want to love this vacuum based on reviews and the price I paid for it . Yes , it 's lightweigh . Yes , the bags are small but you can find very good knock off ones sold here on Amazon . But honestly , it 's just ok . I have some area rugs and wall to wall carpeting on the stairs and it is just the pits . Forget about anything with any pile on it . So after spending $ 400 I need to spend another $ 129 for a turbo brush attachment ? This just does not seem right .
 Just having new wood floors installed , Ineed a vacuum that would do both wood floors and carpet . It was an expensive vacuum but I thought it would be worth the price if it could both floors well and last a long time . I bought the antares model . It was $ 479 . It had good suction , was quiet and light-weight ; however , I would have had to purchase the power nozzle for another $ 249 . to do the carpets and the parquet brush to adequately do the wood floors for another $ 50 dollars . Much too expensive for my taste !!
 I 've had my Miele Antares for about 3 years . My beloved Electrolux needed it 's motor replaced and the vacuum salesman convinced me that with what I 'd spend on a new motor for my Electrolux , I 'd be better off with a new Miele.Not so , as I am now shopping for a new vacuum . I have one dog and two cats , and the Miele just ca n't seem to scrub the dog hair off the carpet . The roller brush in the carpet attachment has to be cleaned out every time I vacuum . It is NOT easy to clean -- hair has to be cut out of the brush with a scissors , and it 's a mess . I seem to have to replace the bags before they are full to get decent suction . I have a tiny house -- basically five rooms , and a bag lasts about one week . The pros are that it is lightweight and quiet . The attachments on the handle keep getting knocked off when you go under furniture , and I 've already lost the upholstery attachment because they fall off so easily.It does n't even do a great job on wood floors . If I run a swiffer over the floor after I vacuum , it picks up so much stuff the vacuum missed.If you have pet hair ... do n't buy this vacuum .
 I bought the Miele Neptune to replace mmy Eureka upright . The selling points for me were the `` closed system '' that traps dust and keeps it from being spit back out into the air -LRB- and this machine does a GREAT job of keeping the dust trapped ! -RRB- and the fact that it was n't loud -LRB- I HATE the high-pitched-whining-noise that most vacuum 's make and was willing to pay more to avoid subjecting myself to the grating/blood-boiling noise similar machines put out -RRB- . The Neptune does a GREAT job dusting and the parquet attachment is great on wood floors , but I ca n't give it a higher rating because the turbo-head does a terrible job on area rugs . My house is mostly hard wood floors and tile , with a few large area rugs so I 'm going to keep the vacuum because I can use this to easily get all of the dust/cat hair without reducing the air quality in my home , but it looks like I 'll have to keep my Eureka upright to use on my area rugs -- not exactly what I expected from a vacuum that cost $ 500 . Note for those of you with cats / dealing with cat hair
 Please do NOT buy this vacuum if you need it to vacuum carpet AT ALL ! It works well on hard floors only . Even with the turbo carpet attachment , it picks up only the little surface pieces on the very top of the carpet but will NOT pull anything up out of the carpet like an upright . If you have hard floors , tile , hardwood , etc. , this vacuum works as well as anything else , but for the cost , not worth it if it wo n't give you any suction on any carpet of any depth .
 I have owned this vacuum for one year now and have been disappointed from the very beginning . I have never written a product review before , but this time I feel very strongly . I use the vacuum twice per week on tile , wood , and low pile carpet floors . This vacuum does not pick up any crumbs on the forward stroke . It simply pushes them across the wood or tile , and if I 'm lucky they get picked up on the back pull . Very frustrating.Another disappointment is that the hose is made from the same cheap plastic as my $ 100 Eureka . The hose on the Eureka cracked clean through after about a year , so I 'm expecting to lose the Miele hose any day now . This is my third vacuum in about 5 years . I paid the extra money because I wanted a vacuum that would last . All in all , I will never pay that kind of money for a vacuum again.P.S . The on/off switch is located on the canister rather than on the handle , which forces the user to experience the motor blowing in his/her face when bending down to turn the machine off . Be sure to do your vacuuming prior to styling your hair ...
 This is my second product that I purchased from vintner reserve . The first was white wine and it turned out very delicious . The merlot on the other hand turned out terrible . And I followed the directions to a ` t ' . I 've emailed thecompany and I 'm waiting for a response . I was hoping to find a helpful review of the product here that could tell me if perhaps I did something wrong or if there was something I could add to fix the wine . I hope I do n't have to trash the whole batch cuz that 's a giant waste of $ $
 Dansk Precision 20-Piece Stainless-Steel Flatware Set , Service for 4I ordered this patern by mistake -LRB- wanted Bistro patern -RRB- and immediately tried to change the order but got an error message that it ca n't be changed because it is in the shipping chanels though it shows it wo n't be shipped for about 1 week . I can only wait until I receive it and then return and reorder . I certainly will not reorder nor will I ever purchase from Amazon in the future !
 This set of Dansk Bistro Cafe flatware was not as heavy , nor were the knives the same size or shape as the other Dansk Bistro Cafe flatware that I own . I did not compare the forks or spoons with the set I already owned to see how they compare as the knives were enough to convince me that this set was not what I expected , and therefore , returned it .
 we had to send the first one back but i must say i was very pleased with the return service and promptness of getting another one . the chair would n't go together right and a dowl broke . the second one did go together right , but looks very cheap . ive seen much better looking rockers for children at stores for the same place . would not reccomend this item .
 This product never made it to the fully put together state . I took it out of the box and started to put it together per the instructions when the wood actually split in half . I was so glad there was not a child on the chair when this happened because the remaining wood shard was sharp and could have easily punctured a lung on a toddler seeing as it almost cut my finger off when it split .
 Beck Children 's Wooden High Back Rocking ChairThe assembly is simple but the chair and screws are of poor quality . The first screw I tried broke off in the spindle . I had to put it in a vise to remove the broken piece and replace the screw . The second spindle split when the screw tighten . It only cost $ 30 but was worth about $ 5 . Not worth the effort to return it but I am sure it wo n't last long enough for my two year old to out grow it .
 Update
 Misleading by their message . Supposed to get two molds , but actually only one . Hard to find their message about how many for the price .
 This one is awful.Every time I used it to make moon cake , I had to pound it so hard on the counter in order to make the cake come out of the mold .
 The item I received had adhesive backing applied about 0.15 '' off . It required use of a knife to separate 6 pieces , which are sold joined together and the result shows jagged edges of cut adhesive foam and broken plastic . It is OK for my workshop , but may not look too great in your kitchen.Update
 I have for many years used and enjoyed my set of Dansk Torun . I bought this set to add additional services to that set . The result is an unhappy experience . The new set is stamped China whereas the original was stamped Japan . But someone in Dansk is either not interested in quality control or oblivious to it . The new set is inferior in every way to the original . The edges of the pieces are sharp , not rounded as in the original , the same is true for the tines on the forks . You can feel the difference immediately , and see it as well . My advice for anyone in my situation is look for used pieces that will match your existing set . You will be very disappointed if you add these to existing stock . They will not match by sight or feel . -LRB- They feel like they may even weigh less , but that I can not confirm with my existing scales -RRB- .
 The spoon developed a one inch crack after only one use . It is still useable , but I 'm disappointed in the quality .
 This scale is great at giving consistent readings if you repeatedly step on and off of it . Walk away for 5 minutes and come back -- wow ! You gained 2 lbs!There apparently is some sort of short-term memory fxn on this scale which displays the same number on repeat weighings ; if you give it a few minutes to `` forget '' , however , the precision of this scale shows its true flawed design . For a scale that is supposed to give 0.1 lb incremental info , it 's just not that hot .
 I bought this scale a few years ago , and used to think that my flooring was uneven or hardwood floors not a suitable surface . But it appears to just be junk . I have stepped on the scale four times in five minutes , and received three different weights . I 'm sure I did n't lose two pounds , or gain a pound in the last three days . I am sorry I bought it , am going to purchase a well-rated Eat Smart scale today .
 Just because it says weight watchers does not mean its good . Worst thing you could do for encouraging weight loss is buying this scale . Weighs completely different each and every time you step on it , whether you wait one minute or one day in between . You can step on and off 6 times in a row and it will weight up to 9 or so lbs difference each time . Stay away from this scale . Its bad for your ego.Am shopping for a new scale . Will never buy one of these products again . If I could give it no stars I would .
 This scale told me I had lost 121 pounds . I worked hard to lose , so I believed it , but I found out I 've only lost 70 pounds , so it 's a LOT off . . How unfair . And what jerks ... Grr .
 I ordered this scale as it was one of the only scales with only one bad review . It was a mistake . It is very difficult to use , especially when you try to activate it . It says to tap it firmly and rapidly and it will turn on . After the 5th time of tapping it and eventually STOMPING on it , it turns on.I tried weigning myself multiple times in a row and there was a constant 1 pound difference . I heard this happen to other people and figured they were stepping in different places on the scale , but no ! I got back on the scale in the exact same position as before and it would still fluctuate . Unless I am somehow losing and gaining a pound ever 20 seconds , the scale is screwed up.The other thing I should mention is the display is hard to read unless you have a flashlight right on the display . The next scale I am buying , after I return this one , is definitely going to have glowing numbers or a backlight.My suggestion to other people who are thinking of buying this scale is do not bother . It might have an attractive price , but you get what you pay for .
 This scales is HORRIBLE . It is extremely inconsistent and misleading . My husband , who had n't weighed on it in a few weeks , stepped on to find he lost 15 lbs . He was all excited until I had to break the news to him that one of the rubber footies had come loose and was giving him an inaccurate weight . I knew this because I compared my own weight on my other digital scales vs these and there was a dramatic difference . We turned the scale upside down to find out what could be wrong when I discovered the little foam padding had slipped loose . It 's disheartening to think the result of all of my weight loss efforts weighs -LRB- no pun intented -RRB- on a small round piece of glued-on foam .
 This is the worst scale that I have ever used . It is not accurate . I have stepped on the scale and weighted myself and then stepped on the scale to double check the reading and have gotten readings that are as much a 30 lbs . difference , taken within minutes of each other . I would not recommend this scale to anyone and if you get it for a gift , return it as fast as you can .
 Precision is defined as the ability to get the same measurement every time . Accuracy is defined as the ability to get the correct measurement . This scale is not accurate , and it pretends to be precise.It seems that as long as you apply somewhere around the same weight repeatedly within a limited amount of time , you will get the exact same reading . However if you wait about 10 minutes , and apply the same weight you will probably get a wildy different reading and again get that reading over and over until some kind of internal timer resets.Another way to get wild readings is to switch off weighings between two people with large weight differences . We never get the same individual weight twice , with discrepancies swinging over a 6lb range.Although I can see benefit of providing a `` stable '' weight to the weight-obsessed , those of us who want the truth are frustrated .
 I thought when I bought this that both name brands were good to go with ... WRONG . The scale never gives the same weight twice ... no matter if you step on the same place or not . I have written two emails to Conair and they do n't answer either one . If the cheap dial scale is right then the so called precision scale is 13 pounds lighter ... not too PRECISION in my book.Buy something else !!!
 I actually bought this scale at Walmart , and it 's a complete piece of junk . I had to replace the battery within the first week , and it never gave the same weight twice , even within a one-minute period . Before chucking it , it told me I weighed 30 pounds . Do NOT , under any circumstances , buy this product . All you 'd be doing is wasting your money .
 Its a very fickle scale , sometimes I get on the scale and I weigh 32 lbs other times I get on and I am 130 lbs . I am neither of the two . The scale is never consistant , and it varies on the day . I am active , and I wish I can lose 5 lbs in a day , however this scale tells me I can ... Sorry weight watchers , I am not too pleased with the scale . I am on the market for a new one !
 I cant believe it is on the market . One minute I have lost 3 pounds , the next I am up 2 pounds . Try this if you weigh yourself in Kilos , and a second later in Stones/Pnds it doesnt even match up ! . This is going back to the shop ASAP
 This is really the worst scale . It is extremely inaccurate . Everytime you stand on it , it gives a different weight.THE WORST THING is that you dont have to tap on it to make it work . You literally have to BANG YOUR FEET on it to make it start . The scale is not stable -LRB- one end is higher than the other -RRB- and so when you bang it , it makes a really loud sound.I tried keeping the scale on my carpet -LRB- in my bedroom -RRB- and then tried weighing myself and it showed my weight around 80 pounds less . ALL of the other scales I have used work on carpet AND on floor.this is the worst thing i have ever bought and its not even worth 1/10000th of a cent .
 I agree with some of the other reviews . The precision is lacking . Repeat weighings show the same weight , unless you give it a few minutes . Also , I do a test involving a glass of water ... about 12 ounces plus the weight of the glass is 1 lb . If I weigh myself before holding the glass , then after , I should weigh approximately 1 lb heavier holding the glass . Well , this scale showed the EXACT same weight , before and after . Not even .1 lbs higher . It 's going back to the store tomorrow.I would recommend the Health-O-Meter Doctor 's Scale ... Weight Tracking Scale . I got it at Walmart for less than $ 30 and it not only gives an accurate reading , but it also is consistent , and when I hold a glass of water that weighs a pound , it shows that my weight is 1 lb higher !
 Do not buy this product from MV Trading Co as it is shipped directly from China and is the cheap 110V and not exportable quality , though they say they sell internationally ` They happily send you a product you ca n't use'This item is a non exportable product , sold at the exportable price , not bad ... and they do n't care ... they laugh at you and are very rude ... and say gleefully , it 's your problem as they now have your money . If you need a blender try Restaurant Source , not only are they cheaper , they are informed on their product and sell both 110V and 240V appliances `` Internationally '' and do n't try to rip you off
 I had high hopes for this tableware when I ordered it -LRB- not from Amazon btw -RRB- based on this review and other reviews of Dansk and the quality . Well boy was I let down when I received the 10 sets - the spoons were mostly not round and had a combination of flat spots along the edges which made them irregular , varying thickness of the edges , various peices had rough spots/edges that were not polished , pitting/cuts in surfaces , scratches , and the just about all the spoons ` drooped down along the bottom adding to the overall distorted looking circles.My husband and I really like the design and I wanted to find a way to keep it . I tried contacting Dansk several times about a solution , suggested replacing the worst of the pieces individually since the boxes of individual place settings seemed doomed to have problems , but in spite of the message `` a customer service representative will respond in 24 hours '' I never got a response . Seems that they do not care that their quality is failing miserably nor do they care about customer service at all.Sorry to say that it looks like I will be forced to return the Dansk :-LRB- , buy at your own risk .
 Do n't get me wrong , I love my Braun Coffee Maker , but I just ca n't take their Carafes anymore . I 've gone through 3 of these in the Last year . Two developed cracks in them while hand washing them . They are really poorly constructed , and on top of that , I 've never had one that did n't dribble all over the counter from the spout ! I think they must have a mad scientist working for them that sabotages an otherwise great coffee maker to get his kicks ... On top of that , they are not cheap to replace ! I finally have had enough , and retired the coffee maker . I elected to buy another brand , at half the price of the Braun . Admittedly , it does n't quite live up to the same quality , but the carafes are made much better and do n't spill a drop while pouring . The glass also appears much thicker and stronger , and is reinforced with a stainless steel band around it , to secure the handle to the bottom as well as the top . I think this is probably where Braun made their mistake , by securing the handle only at the top of the pot , which leads to stress on the glass at the very point it is fastened to it . Conclusion
 This product turned out to be nothing like the advertized `` boombox . '' A boombox is defined in the dictionary as a `` portable '' audio system . It was advertized as a system that could be enjoyed at tailgate parties . All this would imply having its own power supply -LRB- i.e. battery operated -RRB- and easy to carry from place to place . None of this was true . It could only be used with an AC power source and came in three unattached components that would make portability difficult . Besides those major drawbacks , the unit 's housing was cheap , light duty plastic , not appropriate for outdoor parties , and it made lots of internal noise when changing CDs .
 I thought this product was going to alert me when the deer came around.Never saw one buck - zero game this year .
 after much research on the other flannel sheets available and reading their reviews , I decided to go for this sheet just because of the color . There were other sheets for lesser price with decent reviews but the color I was looking for was not available . When I opened the pack , I thought I had been shipped the wrong color as it had happened once before but it said ` Twilight ' on the package . Its much much more darker and dull than what is shown - more like dark blue than the bright light blue shown in the pic . I havent even opened it and thinking of returning it so can not comment on the quality .
 When I received the sheet set , there were 2 fitted and no flat sheet . When I contacted the shipper , no other matching flat sheets were available . It makes the set useless . The shipper was good and refunded the price , but what a pain .
 Purchased these because at the time they were on sale , and extremely inexpensive for a King set . Color is beautiful -LRB- Cypress -RRB- and perfect for my decor , and they were extremely soft for the first two to three washings . However , after just a few washings -LRB- following recommendations , although I DO use a small dryer sheet -RRB- they have pilled , pilled , pilled . Not out of the dryer , but after sleeping on them . No longer comfortable .
 I bought this because it had a digital radio with presets as opposed to most that are analog . The reception was not very good . I had the wire antennae up on the window of a second floor room and it could not catch stations that radios on the first floor catch . It has a tiny little speaker with so-so sound quality . The display is good and the buttons are intuitive and it is smaller than it looks if that is important . I am returning it though and trying something else . If I ca n't catch my favorite radio station it is not much good to me .
 If your looking for cd radio clock player that has a great clear sound , great reception on fm or am radio , can play any burned or regular CD 's without skipping or scratching then this is not the product for you . I purchased this item earlier this year and was dismayed to find that the product did not meet my expectations at all . The sound was scratchy , you could not get reception from the radio , and depending on the clocks sitting position the CD player would not work . I recommend that if your going to buy a CD clock radio player that it is actually cost effective to spend the extra 10 dollars thst would buy you an RCA or Memorex radio/cd player -LRB- which I have by the way and let me tell you it was worth every penny -RRB- due to the fact that you will receive a better quality system , the sounds are clearer , you can actually hear base in the music and the alarm system works .
 I have been looking for a glass 2-quart pitcher and they 're surprisingly difficult to find with a lid . Found this at Wal-Mart much cheaper , as did another reviewer . I agree with the other person that this is NOT an effecient use of space . I could deal with that , but I ca n't deal with the fact that when your pour , it drips and runs all down the side and onto whatever surface it is over . Not so bad when it gets to the bottom , but when pitcher is full , it 's a big mess . I do n't recommend it .
 I have finally decided to get rid of mine online . I feel the same as the one reviewer who ca n't get her hand inside of the pitcher to clean it . It is also impossible for the water to get inside even in a dishwasher . Therefore , it is never sanitized . I will continue looking for a covered pitcher that has a more practical design .
 I had a couple of these jugs and one broke . Ca n't find the locally so searched Amazon . The one I bought was listed as a set of 4 -LRB- as it should be for the price of $ 20 -RRB- and I only received one . Sending the jug back . Hard to find a good sealing tea container and this has worked well for several years . I would recommend if you can find them for a decent price but $ 20 + is ridiculous .
 The item came delivered to me broken , but it was a blessing in disguise . I found a better quality product at Wal-Mart for 1/4 the price .
 I was VERY disappointed with the Newline Well Balance scale ! I took itout of the box , removed the tabs on the batteries , and it did n't work . Icalled the company for assistance and someone answer without identifying the company but said he was able to help . He suggested that I insert paperunder the battery cover to improve contact . It turned on ONCE but not again . Amazon only offers refunds for products from Wintime , the company that sells Newline , because their stock changes so often . That should tell you something ! I have n't found a replacement yet , but it certainly wo n't be a Newline or Wintime product .
 The scale arrived and was completely nonfunctional . I tried every single suggestion to get it to turn on , from the toe tap to the lift , to picking it up and waltzing with it . It absolutely would not turn on . I even changed out the batteries multiple times -LRB- with known good batteries of the same type -RRB- and reversed them in multiple configurations ... all in a vain attempt to get this scale to do anything at all . I am extremely disappointed in this product and based on this , and many other reviews , I would strongly advise other potential buyers against purchasing this scale , if for no other reason than the obviously poor -LRB- perhaps nonexistent -RRB- quality-control at the manufacturer . And now I have to waste my own time and effort to return the product and get a refund .
 This scale is soooo unreliable !!!!! I weigh about 120lbs , and the scale seemed very accurate during the first few weeks . I was very happy and wanted to give it 5 stars . Then it started to display random results . I sometimes weighed below 110 , sometimes over 130 ... For the most ridiculous time , I weighed 112 at first . After 5 seconds , I weighed 127 . Another 5 seconds later , I became 130 . This scale is making me really disappointed now as the increasing random results that it displays . If you want a scale that can works for a long time , this is definitely not a choice .
 The instructions actually tell you to lift the scale with your big toe and drop it get it going . But even this did n't work that well . I 'm not sure my downstairs neighbors will appreciate me dropping the scale every time I want to use it .
 I was disappointed when I received these scales that they did not work . Perhaps the battery was dead . I returned them for a full refund .
 This scale appeared to be a good buy , judging from the earlier reviews . It gave accurate readings for about two weeks and then went haywire , searching and searching for a weight . I tried to reset it by removing the batteries for a minute , but to no avail . It currently displays the `` 8 '' character and sometimes the `` 0.0 '' as it is supposed to , and then turns off or shows a bogus weight -LRB- say , 215 for a 160-pound person -RRB- . I am returning this useless piece of garbage . How can a manufacturer produce something like this ? Do n't they at least try to produce products that work ? Do they test them in a quality control procedure ? This is shameful . How difficult is it to produce a bathroom scale ?
 I 've weighed myself on three separate occasions over the last ten minutes , and I 've stepped on and off about three or four times in each of those instances . The first time I read 127 , second time ? 127.4 . Third time I weighed 127.2 . Unacceptable .
 Imagine my surprise when I stepped onto this scale for the first time and it informed me that I had gained 20 lbs in 4 days . I trust the previous reading since it was at the beginning of my annual physical . So I tested it against four other scales , all which were within 4 pounds of the Doctor 's scalle . The final straw came when a guest used it and found , to her chagrin , that she had gained 22.5 lbs during her nine hour road trip from Flagstaff to Los Angeles .
 I got one . Big error . It just broke two months after buying it . Not only that , it never worked properly . Do n't lose your time . Get another .
 I read the positive and negative reviews and still bought it considering they said it was a very accurate scale , even though they had intial problems getting it turned on . After waiting almost 21/2 weeks for it to arrive it was back ordered , and when it finally arrives it does not work . I am very upset and disappointed . So I am thinking the batteries are probably dead . I go to walmart buy batteries for $ 5 and still it does not work at all . I bang it after reading reviews of others having the similar problem , mine still does n't worked . So my mechanically inclined husband unscrews the screws on the back/bottom of it and there was the problem the negative and positive connector wires were broken off . My husband sodered them back on , and low and behold my Newline Well Balance Digital Glass Scale works perfectly . All I have to lightly touch it and it turns on , no banging or lifting like other review I read . just a light touch . It also seems pretty acurate too . I even put in the old batteries and works so it was n't the batteries its their poor internal wire construction . So that 's why I gave it a 2 stars . Hopefully this scale wo n't kick the bucket soon . Time will tell . So now I am happy with my cool glass design scale .
 Pros
 Ok ... so i know the price was cheap but for some reason when i think of the name '' Hummer '' . . i think of quality . I thought maybe the clocks could be made of the scrap metal from the trucks ... but alas ... oh no ... It came in a light little box ... a sweet , almost child-like toy clock made of a plastic . . but at least it was painted silver ... I may give it to one of the kids to play with ... Dont think i would want to count on this waking me up for my adult mornings ...
 I bought the poster it had several kinks , they sent out a replacement a few weeks later ... I think after about a month I got the poster I needed . I paid more for shipping on 2 nearly weightless posters than I did the posters ... so that was upsetting paying over $ 16 for postage on 2 posters .
 I bought one of these from best buy . It worked for the 15 minutes I was testing it out , then 20 minutes later , when I plugged it back in , it only made weird rumbling sounds , would not play like it did first time I tried it . Make sure you can return if you decide to chance buying one , cool idea though .
 Purchased this item for the MC-CG467 Panasonic canister , as listed in the item description.However , this filter does not fit , not even close.Just a fair warning for others looking for the mesh filter for the MC-CG467 canister vacuums .
 This is a average pizza pan not what everyone said that it was . After I recieved this pan I was in a kitchen supply store I found the very same pan that had a different lable on it for only $ 9.99 plus tax . I paid almost twice that price for the pan and the shipping cost . I worked many years at Wear-Ever Aluminum Co. which manufactured cookware and I can tell cookware that is exactly alike and manufactured by the same company . This pizza pan that I purchaced did not have Calphalon stamped on it anywhere . If you are wanting to purchace this pan because you think that it is a Calphalon peice NOT !! Look around before you purchace this pan . FYI
 This red-and-white cutting board looks attractive and helps brighten up the kitchen counter . However , it arrived warped , so that I really can only use one side -LRB- the board slides around on the counter when I flip it over -RRB- .
 I have n't given the new bags a try yet so it is near impossible to rate them
 I thought I will receive the real Panasonic bag . But it was the generic one . There are big differences ! 1 -RRB- The ring part was not made with rubber . 2 -RRB- The bag it self is really thin and cheap . So be careful when you order ! Make sure to check if its made by Panasonic or not !!! If they are $ 6 for 3 bags , they are NOT original Panasonic bags .
 I was about to order 2 bags of these , and then saw that my total was over $ 12 because the shipping is > $ 3 for each pack of bags . You have got to be kidding me . I 'll be seeking another source .
 I did not receive this item because of shipping confusion . Only overnight and 2nd day shipping is sent to the home address . Regular shipping is apparently sent to mailing address which for me is a different post office .
 Purchased these on Sept 23rd , it is now Fri Oct 5 , my credit card has not been debited and I have no idea when these vacuum bags will arrive . I have sent 50 lb big boxes parcel post clear across the country and it arrived sooner than these 3oz bag o ' bags . Come On ! give me a break , I 'm canceling my order . No stars Bleh !
 The blanket is very soft . I 'll give it that . But the fibers keep coming out . I 've even washed it twice and tumble dried it like the instructions say and I still find little purple bits of blanket on my sofa , floor , clothes.If you really want to buy one make sure you get a color thats not as noticible as plum if you have light colored furniture/carpets .
 I bought this item
 Not really pleased with this purchase . Followed instructions and it sheaded even worse . Got red fuzz all over the black cormforter . It is very warm . It 's a keeper if you can live with the lint .
 I washed this per the instructions and man what a mess . Little purple pills everywhere . So I washed it two more times . Seemed to be getting worse . Gave up . No good for me .
 I did not look closely enough at the poster image , but was too happy to see the low price on this poster . Unfortunately when it arrived , all my students , who are doing a project on identifying and reporting on figures in the painting , quickly pointed out that lots of them are cropped out of this one . You are missing a number of figures on the left and right , and also some beneath the lower boundary also . If you do n't care about those , the quality is good for the price , but I definitely regret ordering it . I 'll just give it away or put it in a sleeve and throw it in the classroom closet .
 I like the measuring cup for it 's markings , weight & ease of pouring . I may have a `` lemon '' , but mine has several cracks around the bottom of the cup . Each time I use it in the microwave , there are more . One of my selection criteria was that it was microwavable . None of the cracks actually leak yet , but I think well given time . I can feel them on the outside & inside with my fingernail .
 This cup is plastic ; I thought it would be glass . After just a week or two of use , areas of it are turning opaque or milky in color .
 Its not made by a hard metal . Its very thin and its resistance is not good.It wouls be heavy and strong
 We received this as a gift but had it returned as we could not set the alarm . Also found the lighting to be too dim and the lettering-a.m. , p.m. , etc.-to be so small you almost needed a magnifying glass to read it .
 The multi country feature of this atomic controlled clock was my attraction for buying it as I travel to the UK . Unfortunately the alarm on the clock failed - it was impossible to set it.I returned it to Amazon for a refund as Amazon had no more in stock .
 Can the manufacturer or distributor verify that this product is lead-free ? Is this product manufactured in the USA , or is this imported from China ? The FDA has issued warnings concerning products made in China that are potential sources of lead poisoning including children 's toys and jewelry , chalk , and glazed pottery -LRB- like this one -RRB- that have been the subject of recalls in the past . Symptoms from lead poisoning , unfortunately , are slow to manifest until it 's too late . Children and the elderly are the most vulnerable .
 Sent this as a gift to my brother-in-law . It died after only a month . Not sure what went wrong . Embarrassed to have given a lemon of a gift . I will try again with the other brand -LRB- Countdown Clock Old Timer 's Time to Go Retirement Clock -RRB- . Originally picked the this one -LRB- the failed one -RRB- because of it 's larger size , but I 'm willing to swap size for quality . And the smaller one is cheaper too!In general , the idea is great - if you get one that works ! My husband had one -LRB- ca n't remember exactly which brand -RRB- . It lasted a year and a half and dutifully counted down the days until he retired . Hopefully the next purchase will be a good one .
 did not work ... a waste of money ... great idea and would have been fun if it worked but it did n't ... save your money
 These dishes are beautiful but they have a couple of real problems.They are supposed to microwave safe but the problem with them is that the dishes absorb all of the heat while the food stays cold ! I have burned myself trying to reheat a cup of coffee - put cup in the microwave in for 1 minute , reached in , grabbed the cup handle and burned my hand . The coffee was lukewarm while the part of the cup not touching the coffee was burning hot . Same with the plates and bowls ; any part of the dish not touching the still cool food -LRB- which never heats up -RRB- is like pulling ceramic out of an oven . Be careful - you WILL burn yourself . We now have to heat food in other dishes and then put it on the plate . And , since the plates absorb the heat not just from the microwave but also from hot food , you will find your hot food cold in no time.On top of that , they chip if you look at them - not durable . I started out trying to replace them as they chip but have given up . Bought these two years ago to replace an older chipped up set of dishes that we 'd had for years . These look just as bad at this point.Very disappointed in this product . Wo n't buy Pfaltzgraff again .
 I bought these dishes approx 2 months ago . We use the dishes daily and in 2 months , 8 out of the 16 plates have chipped . I contacted Pfaltzgraff and they will credit me the money I spent on them if I ship the entire service for 16 back to them at my expense or they will replace the broken ones as well . It would cost me just as much as the service for 16 to send back . Also beware the plates are oversized and do not fit in an average kitchen cabinet , they state that they are microwave safe , however you have to use a potholder to remove them -LRB- they get so hot -RRB- . They are also dishwasher safe , however when I called Pfaltzgraff they stated it is not recommended . I love these dishes and am so disappointed .
 While I love the colors and look of this dish set , like so many other reviewers I have found some serious shortcomings . The dishes do chip extremely easily . As one reviewer put it , `` they chip if you look at them '' which I have found to be a very apt description . Additionally , you ca n't practically use them in the microwave despite being `` microwave safe . '' They become extremely hot to the touch if you heat long enough for your food to become warm . -LRB- I use a hot pad to take them out without burning myself . -RRB- Finally , the dinner plates themselves are huge and do n't fit into the dishwasher unless I move the top rack to its highest level . Of course you are guaranteed a chip if you put them in the diswasher ... . I would not recommend these dishes to anyone and will probably not purchase Pfaltzgraff again . If you do decide to buy them , treat them more gently than you would your fine china .
 Pfatzgraff dishes have suffered a decline in quality since moving production to China . These dishes began chipping & breaking right out of the box . My husband recently heated a plate of food in the microwave & the dish split right down the middle . We then decided to check other dishes in the cabinet & found another dish cracked down the middle & it split right in his hand . I had contacted Customer Service when these dishes were less than 6 months old & they told me I was past the return period & there was nothing they could do . I emailed the president & complained of their now inferior product & got the same form letter . They are not willing to stand behind their product.I have had Pfaltzgraff dishes in the past when they were USA made & did not have this problem . These are the worst dishes I have ever had & will not buy Pfaltzgraff products again .
 These dishes were absolutely beautiful yet disappointing . The edges began to chip soon after I bought them . I have thrown out most of the mugs . There are currently two adults in my household who use these dishes daily . I have had several sets of dishes in the 36 years I have been married . Those dishes were used by two children and guests . The other sets held up for years ; Mikasa , Johnson Brothers , Fiestasware . I did not write my review immediately because I seldom write reviews . Since I could not afford to right away , I am now trying to replace this set with Fiestaware . This prompted me to write the review . I bought these Pfaltzgraff dishes because they are beautiful and I respected the brand name .
 The evening sun pattern is made out of something called ` earthenware ' as compared to Stoneware . These have a greater tendency to absorb and keep water in the area on bottom where they are not glazed , and therefore will have a tendency to grow mold .
 I had K-Mart and dollar general store dishes made better . From March 2011 4 are chipped . Would not buy again .
 Initially when I bought this scale , I saw that the weight on the package was 135.5 pounds , and I thought , `` Great ! It measures in tenths of a pound . '' When I got it home to test it out , I discovered by the next day that it was only measuring in increments of 1/2 pound . That may be fine for most people , but I am losing weight at the rate of 1/4 pound per day , and a scale that measures only 1/2 pound does not help me keep track of my weight . Nowhere on the package does it say that it only measures in increments of 1/2 pound -LRB- I bought this scale at Costco from a large display . -RRB- Amazon , to its credit , does say this in the description , in fact they are the only ones to mention it . Bravo for Amazon ! I will be taking the scale back to Costco which is a shame , since I bought it there for less than $ 20 and it seemed like a good deal at the time .
 Looks great with the pictures on the web site but I received it to only find that the material used for this comforter set does n't even come closer to what you 'd expect from West Point Stevens . Poor quality material and rough feel . Even if you can adjust with the comforter set , can not think of embracing the the pillow covers . I would n't recommend this product even for 5 dollars !
 I bought this scale as an upgrade from a Wal Mart cheapo scale . Hated it !! I should have read the dimensions more carefully , but it was so large that it became the focal point of our bathroom . Worse still , it never displayed the same weight twice in a row even when second weight was taken immediately after the first . Had to reset it to zero and then the same drill happened again . Returned the item , but ate the $ 11 return ship fee - it 's huge AND heavy !
 Looks good and all ... but the accuracy is off by 5-8 lbs . I keep it in the corner of a hallway and every person that stands on it says `` NO WAY ! '' I have not personally weighed myself at the docor 's office then come home and jumped on it , but a friend did . I plan on selling it at my next garage sale and I 'll look for something more accurate .
 I have CHF and must weigh myself every morning . I need a scale that is very accurate . This one is not . Plus it goes by 2 pound increments . The numbers I thought would be large enough for me to be able to tell if I had lost a pound or gained one . With this scale I can only go by 2 pounds . I 'm very unhappy with it .
 when i first stepped on the scale i thought i lost 10 lbs . but after reading other review i realize the scale is off up to 9 lbs . also this is a big scale . too big to store in the bathroom
 I 've purchased this scale on 2 separate occasions . Neither of them worked well . It weighs you differently every time you get on . Sometimes by as much as 3 pounds . Everytime I get weighed at the doctor 's office I 'm at least 8-10 pounds heavier than this scale reads . It also rusts easily and starts to look horrible after a year or so . I am in the market for a new scale now and just wanted to warn people to stay away from this scale .
 Both my daughter and I have found some wild variations in the readout from this scale . I would not recommend it for accuracy .
 Nice scale , but way to large for a standard home . Will not stay set at O.Could be used better in a packing plant somewhere .
 We could not read the scale with any accuracy because the lines are so close together . So whether it was accurate or not is anyone 's guess . What makes it a `` professional dial '' is hard to figure . We were very disappointed and returned it .
 I USED THIS FOR ABOUT TWO MONTHS BEFORE I FOUND OUT THAT IS VERY INACURATE AS MUCH AS 5 LBS .
 This is a great scale , if you want to know how much you way on Jupiter . It looks like this scale is hit or miss , it either works correctly or not .
 I bought this Health-O-Meter large dial scale and it was n't worth a dime . It did not weigh correctly . It could n't be set to zero like it should have , and it was very unstable . I almost fell off of it because it tipped over . Do n't buy this scale .
 This is a decent scale . You get what you pay for . This scale must be on a completely leveled floor in order to get an accurate number . I have used this scale for a while , and many times after you get on the first time , you have to fix the adjuster dial , and get on again to make sure what you saw the first time was right . Cheap and pretty precise . You better have plenty of room in you bathroom though , because this item is BULKY . Much happier with the digital scale I had prior to this .
 I bought this product just because i read many many good reviews about it , however it does not measure my or my wifes weight correctly . I had to return it .
 I 've been using this scale regularly for about four months . Lately it 's all over the place-as much as a 5 pound variance after resetting . I 'm replacing it .
 Purchased the item based on the glowing reviews . Nice big dial.Had no problem in zeroing it . But it is a HUGE scale !! Not ideal if space is limited.But the scale was clearly off by 5 pounds ! Always showed upto 5 lbs less . Called Health o meter who advised me to try re-calibrating . That did not correct the problem.Returned it to Amazon immediately . Very dissapointed . Maybe I was just unlucky . -LRB- based on the other great reviews -RRB- .
 Got this scale looking at all the good reviews , but this scale sucks , cuz the needle would just not stay at zero . Each time you step on it you have to readjust the needle to go back to zero and if you weight yourself on a surface which is n't level it does n't give accurate weight ... for me , just not worth the money , might as well spend a bit more and get something better .
 This thing seemed to be fairly accurate for the first 1-3 months of use , but after time it seems to get completely off when it comes to accuracy . Sure , it 's a very sturdy scale -LRB- and BIG -RRB- but I 'm going to be ordering another model this weekend . At first I would notice changes of as much as 5 pounds , I figured maybe they had to do with little things such as eating or whatever , but most recently , the thing changed by 15 pounds within a few hours of eachother ... which is IMPOSSIBLE . It 's so inaccurate that I no longer can even use it .
 This analog scale looks like a high-end/high-quality version , but do n't be fooled by its sturdy looks.The scale reading will vary 1-8 pounds while you are standing on it ! Even with slight movements the reading will vary . Its difficult to tell what you really weigh unless you stand in the same position every time.I would n't buy this unit again and would return it if I had n't thrown out the box .
 Yes , this scale worked great for the first few weeks , and then on a whim it just decided to add nearly 10 lbs OVER NIGHT !! Now , knowing that it is damn near impossible for something like this to happen , I still wondered if maybe , just maybe ... . my diet took a turn ... even though I never cheated on it . :-LRB- So I asked my wife -LRB- Who is also on the same diet -RRB- to check and see if she too , was a crAzy person . She was . Soooo , I recommend not buying ANY of their scales . This is the second one ... and I had the same results the first time .
 About the only positive thing I can say is that the display is easy to see . It is necessary to bend down , reach under the scale and reset the beginning to zero each time you step on the scale . Step on and off 5 times and you will get 5 different weight readings.I plan to donate mine to the new hospice opening down the street . Just too much bother to return it .
 For the second time I order CR 1550 and they send me CR1450 - it wo n't fit in your pitcher . THis just wastes everyone 's time . Do n't waste your time here .
 The product sent was not the product ordered . They sent a Pur 1-stage filter when a Pur Advantage was ordered . Three attempts were made to contact the seller via Amazon e-mail and they never responded . Order from this seller at your own risk .
 These towels are not thick . They unravel and appear to be very poorly made.I just washed them and was hoping they would become more plush , but they just are not good towels . I will use them for the gym and hopefully someone will steal them .
 what a piece of junk !! left mountains of lint over the rest of my clothes when I washed them -- besides falling apart ... AVOID AVOID AVOID
 while this is a lower priced shower door , the extremely poor quality was surprising . It arrived with a huge crack down the middle , -LRB- of a plastic -LRB- not glass -RRB- door -RRB- which was not surprising given that there was absolutely no protection within the shipping carton . after numerous phone and emails back and forth , the supplier did credit my account , but the transaction was more than a little annoying . the product is of such poor construction , amazon would do well to drop it from its product list . ps , went to home depot and for $ 25 more , purchased a glass door of far superior quality
 I bought this chair from babies-r-us after seeing other high quality chairs in the store . This is NOT what I expected after paying almost $ 100 . The very thin fabric was stapled on and many of the staples were loose . The rocking parts were cheap plastic and did n't rock very well . The `` fabric '' on the back of the chair felt like it was going to rip every time I picked it up . I had to take this chair back to the store .
 I just got the medium sized clay pot . It does not look like the one in the picture at all ! The surface of the pot was so rough -LRB- both inside and outside -RRB- that it looks like a pot you would use for plants . And honestly , i would not even use it to plant flowers because it looked so cheap and ugly.I got this from MV Trading . I wonder if the seller is making counterfeit products . Definitely a total disappointment .
 I ordered one of these from this M.V company and two from The Wok Shop ... the ones from the Wok Shop are way better looking , and better quality . i wont order from this company , unless i get my money back ... Bless
 I ordered an Extra Small Chinese clay pot -LRB- 1 qt -RRB- . What I received was a -LRB- 1 qt -RRB- clay tea pot . If you are going to sell these items , please Make surethat all items come from the same vendor . I would liked to have known that I was purchasing a TEA POT and not a cooking pot .
 The whole set is for dry clean only , which was not mentioned . The worst part is that there are scratch marks on the comforter -LRB- it looks like someone had dragged it through some rough surface -RRB- . The fabric is fuzzy along the track and I found wood chips at those areas . I am still hesitating if I should return the set , because the shipping fee is going to be about half of the price of the whole set . It is my second unpleasant experience with Amazon . I hope the quality of the products sold on the Amazon should be more carefully monitored in the future ; otherwise , I will definitely think twice before I buy anything from here .
 I was extremely excited to receive this knife . After reading about the versatility of a chinese cleaver , I decided to buy one that had great reviews.The cleaver is certainly not something to look at . This certainly was n't unexpected , considering this knife retails for only $ 20 . But to be honest , I would describe the knife as to have that classic , utilitarian , `` Made-In-China '' quality . In other words , it looked like crap but was n't designed to be beautiful only to function.The blade looks like it was sourced from a scrap sheet metal yard . The metal was very raw looking , full of blemishes and other imperfections . It had somewhat of a brushed grain -LRB- lengthwise -RRB- , however I think that was from the original manufacturing of that metal . More obvious was spray-painted upper half of the cleaver blade . There were still a couple flecks in the paint that was stuck that protruded from the surface of the blade . With a little bit of effort , I was able to pick them off with a spoon.Anyway , so does it perform as well as everyone says ? No . It is considerably heavier than I thought it would be , about twice as heavy as a standard chef 's knife . Due to the weight , I do n't think it will become my go-to knife , which I had hoped it would . Nevertheless , I figured as a Chinese cleaver , it 's an all-purpose knife that can be used for slicing and dicing everything , including chicken and other small fowl . So I tried preparing chicken , which I do every morning for my dogs . I chop drumsticks to remove the long section and feed the meat and knuckle parts to the dogs . Unfortunately , the blade , even though twice as heavy as my Mundial , failed to cut cleanly through the small bones of a chicken leg bone . In fact after a few tries , the edge was dinged . I was very surprised given that this was supposed to be a high-carbon steel knife . By comparison , my Mundial 8 '' chef 's knife easily cuts through small chicken bones , and it is 1/2 the weight of the cleaver . I was expecting that the extra weight of the cleaver would make chopping chicken , but the result was the exact opposite-the edge was dinged.I gave it a second chance by manually reprofiling the cleaver , and then honing the knife with a Japanese waterstone down to an extremely sharp edge , and stropping the knife to remove the burs . It was far sharper than original -- I tested it by dry-shaving hairs cleanly off my wrist . So I went back to the cutting board and tried to cut small chicken bones . The knife gave up on the first swing , could n't cut through the chicken bones . Unfortunately , when I tried to chop harder , again , the edge was damaged . So , I repeated the sharpening process one last time and used it to cut purely vegetables . After about a week of use preparing vegetables -LRB- carrots , beats , and all sorts of leafy vegetables for juicing -RRB- , the blade was noticeably duller . That razor edge I worked for hours to put on the knife simply wore away after a week cutting various vegetables on NSF listed Sani-tuff high density rubber cutting board.This is NOT a high-carbon steel knife . I really believe this is a knife made out of scrap metal.I will stick to my $ 20 Mundial 8 '' Chefs knife for my general cooking use . This one is going into the garbage.FYI -- I have not given up on the Chinese cleaver . There 's a reason why Chinese chefs use it . But I want a good one and these are * definitely * not ones they use . If any of you can recommend where I can get one made of high quality steel , please comment.Thank you !
 I bought 8 place settings of these dishes as I thought they would be just as great as the other pfaltzgraff dishes that I has bought previously , I 'm very disappointed as just about everyone one of my dinner plates have chips or big chunks of the finish coming off of them . These are a beautigful design , to bad that I wasted the money on them as they are n't holding up at all and I 'll probably have to go out and buy new dishes again .
 When I first received this dinnerware I was thrilled because it is beautiful . However , after a few months I realized that it was very fragile because it chips extremely easily . My children are grown so that 's not the problem , it 's just very fragile .
 I loved the design of these dishes and ordered a ton of them from Pfaltzgraff never worrying about the quality . Big mistake . These dishes seem to chip just sitting in the cupboard -- I 've never seen such low quality . Very sad to see a company that I have bought from for years -LRB- own multiple sets -- Yorktown , Rio , and Winterberry -RRB- sell such an inferior quality product . If it had been allowed , I would have selected 0 stars .
 I could not be more disappointed in this dinnerware , particularly since it bears the Pfaltzgraff name . I have never owned a set of dishes that chipped so easily . It is also difficult to use in the microwave as the dish heats up far more quickly than the food ! I love this pattern , but I 'm selling or donating all of it before it becomes completely worthless .
 I have to agree with the other reviews . The pattern is absolutely beautiful . However , the rims chip off very easily . I use them in the fall to set a lovely table . But now they look like seconds with chips all around the edges . I am very careful washing and handling them . sometimes when I take them out of the cabinet it seems there are even more chips than before . They 're costly which is why I am upset too . I 've had better results with the dollar store dishes . It 's too bad I cant get a refund !
 We bought three of these clocks , since the price and features seemed attractive from the description on Amazon . When the clocks arrived at our home and we set them up , two of the three failed . One clock did not function at all when we put in the batteries , and the second clock stopped working after two days . We tried changing batteries and we re-read the instructions , but , alas , the two clocks were not happy campers . We also found that the temperature readings were different by between three and five degrees , even when the clocks were physically right next to each other . My conclusion is that these clocks are very low quality .
 This unit worked great for 10 months , then the outdoor temperature quit reading . I changed batteries , still would not not read . Ordered a new sensor for about $ 30.00
 I bought this for my girlfriend for Christmas since she loves chocolate . Inside the display case , it looks awesome which is why I got it . I rated this 1 star for two reasons :1 . The features list 1.77 ounces of gourmet milk chocolate , 2.8 ounces premium chocolate , 1.77 ounces of strawberry flavored chocolate . From this you would imagine that this is chocolate to melt in the fondue pot , right ? Well , the chocolates that were included were just a few regular chocolate candies which are clearly labelled as not for use with the fondue kit . From my perspective , this is essentially false advertising as you would reasonably expect for the included chocolate to be usable in the kit , no?I can only imagine that they ran out of the correct chocolate and included chocolate candies instead . You ca n't imagine the disappointment looking into the two tins of chocolate only to see 5 small candies at the bottom , not for fondue use ! 2 . In order for the pieces not to shift in shipping everything is covered in a gooey sticky substance which was only removable with GooGone , the highly effective but poisonous goo remover.I do not recommend purchasing this item .
 You get what you pay for . I 'm glad I bought this on sale for only $ 12.99 . The teapot is very tiny-maybe 6oz . The teaball does n't even fit inside the teapot and the biscuits were stale and tasteless . The only nice part was the metal wire basket but this was not worth $ 12.99 . I would not recomend this gift basket at any price unless you have a specific purpose for a very tiny teapot .
 I was quite excited when I received my box in the mail yesterday . However when I opened the package my excitement quickly faded . The quality of the box is very poor . The floral design was just a stencil carved in with what looks like leather working tools . The curves around the flower petals and vines are horribly done and left sharp points instead of rounded . The wood looks nice on the outside however this is only due to the stain color that was applied . The floral pattern does a bad job of covering up the notches and holes in the wood on the outside . On the inside of the box there are flimsy wood pieces of another type on the bottom to cover the nasty holes of the wood . They are attached to each side of the box with two small dabs of wood glue that quickly came undone after a few times being opened and closed . Now every time I open the box I have to slide these `` disguising '' wood pieces back into their place . The size of the box is a little smaller than I had anticipated . The only thing that really pleased me about the box is that hinges were attached to the lid and bottom , although the nails stick out from being hammered in crooked . If you are looking for a nice box for jewelry , small keepsakes , or what have you I suggest looking elsewhere . Spend your money on a better quality product .
 The box arrived w/what looked like mold/water damage all along the exterior . It also smelled unpleasant . Being that it was a Christmas gift I had no time to return it , so I sanded it down & cleaned it up . It was usable after a fair amount of reconstructive effort . Beyond that it is a pretty box & a tight but perfect fit for the standard set of tarot cards .
 In a nutshell this gift basket is terribly lacking in substance . I was very disapointed to find that the entire basket only contains 2 cups of coffee . The `` two tins of amaretto-flavored instant coffee mix '' -LRB- a quote from the description -RRB- each only make 1 cup of coffee . The mini wafer cookies were awful . The coffee cups are decent -LRB- we happened to have been needing some when I ordered this -RRB- . The best part of the basket is the coffee spice which is basically a mix of cinnamon and sugar ... certainly not worth the price of the basket.Luckily I only ordered this as a treat for my husband & I because we are big coffee lovers and I only paid the price it is on sale for now . I am so glad I did n't give this out as a gift because I would have been quite embarrassed .
 Received this as a gift . Definitely overpriced and lacked substance . The previous review was right on , and it 's definitely not for someone who likes coffee a lot .
 -LRB- Okay , this review is not for this exact product . But I purchased a Shonfeld 's Moolicious Cocoa Mix tonight and I needed to warn the rest of the hot cocoa consumers out there . -RRB- Have you ever tasted hot frothy cardboard ? Want to ? Try Shonfeld 's Moolicious Cocoa Mix ! It is the moost disgusting imootation of hot chocolate I have ever tasted . I was really in the moood for cocoa and saw this adorable glass bottle of cocoa powder . I honestly could n't stomach it . Had to pour it all out . Blech . Waste of time , waste of money . Do not be fooled ! And do n't buy any Shonfeld 's gift packs . They are obviously making some seriously crappy products . Seriously Moopulsive ...
 This gift basket contains INSTANT coffee . The tin of instant coffee is enough for one cup . It 's marketed towards Coffee Lovers , but your true coffee afficianados are not going to enjoy this as a gift . If you are trying to find a gift for a coffee lover , unless their idea of good coffee is one , single serving of nestle international foods instant coffee , look for a better quality of coffee at a place like Peet 's .
 I got this for my coffee-loving mother for Christmas last year . The packaging and the coffee cups are great - those impressed me . The amount of actual coffee you get is incredibly disappointing . There is only enough to make a few cups - I know my mom drinks more than that in one day ! Anyways , not worth buying unless you really want the cups and basket that it comes in .
 This is not a studio ... what do I need a POSTER for ? I thought I was ordering a DVD . A waste of $ 7.00 .
 I bought this -LRB- Paid retail -RRB- mostly because I thought the colander was cool and could n't find one like it anywhere else . And when I first opened it I thought it was nice but then as I started to unpack it I changed my mind . First of all everything was plastered together by small hunks of white tape that did n't really come off so your left with a sticky blob on each item . The colander has plastic handles -LRB- ca n't imagine those would last long if actually used for pasta -RRB- . The pasta was a small bag of standard shells . None of the glass bottles -LRB- olives , oil and pepper flakes -RRB- had any kind of seal on them . Just screw the top off and there ya go . When I opened the olives the inside of the cap had what looked like a little bit of mold -LRB- so did the oil -RRB- . Of course I packed it back up and promptly returned it . I guess if you want it for decoration only go ahead and buy it but dont expect to actually put the set to use .
 No . Seriously . Just Dribble Cups . That 's all . Chinese Joke on Coffee-Drinking American . Ha . Ha . You have coffee all down your shirt .
 Hello , Just wanted to express how unhappy I am with this purchase . I was actually really exited obout the product details and the looks of it . What a dissapointment that was ! They are really big and do n't keep the liquids hot at all . I make my coffee every morning for my son and I , and it takes me just about ten minutes to get to my work from my house , and by the time I get to work to have my first sip of coffee ... the coffee is a just not even hot . So , overall , I am very very upset with this purchase . Do not recommend this product at all . I can not ever say that I can return the product because one of the mugs is alredy broken.Thank you ,
 I have purchased several sets of these glasses . The first set ended up cracking eventually . I thought maybe my kids were putting them on the bottom rack of the dishwasher.I purchased a second set and have made sure that they are washed in the top rack only of the dishwasher . Unfortunately , one by one they have all cracked.It is a great buy but not for disposable glasses .
 La Crosse Technology WT-3181PL 18 '' Atomic Outdoor ClockIt never set to the correct time , it is a radio controlled clock that did not work .
 This might be an okay clock for a garage , shed or barn but it doesnt seem to perform well in the raw elements like the rain.I had a similar protraction problem that caused faulty readings as a result of the rain , like someone else had described . They should not present this as a no outdoor clock.In a sheltered area , it might be a 5 star clock .
 Total dud ! This clock must have had a short or something , because it caused the battery to overheat and explode . I had the battery in -LRB- in the correct orientation -RRB- for less than 5 minutes -- when I went back to check and see if the clock had set itself yet , I heard crackling , smelled something funny , and turned it around to notice the cover to the battery was melted . I had to pry out the sizzling/bubbling battery with a plastic spoon and leave it outside because of the acid leaking out of it . Needless to say , it was immediately returned .
 This was a replacement for the same model I 've had for years , but this one seems to have a hard time locking in on the correct time - it was 15 minutes behind for the first several days . Happened when first setting it up , then it seemed to work for several months , but recently it went back to being 15 minutes behind , and today I noticed it was 7 minutes behind . So , even a mental correction I might apply to it is not reliable because it changes . I like the visibility - it 's great for the back yard - but I do n't think I 'll buy another one .
 This model is appanently the same as the cheaper WT-3181P . The instructions say it can only be used outdoors if protected from rain and above 41 degrees . Its 27 outside right now . I guess it might be O.K. in southern Arizona . Amazon needs to add this important note to its product description .
 We purchased 5 of these to use at an outdoor event throughout the grounds . With 5 of these , it gives a good basis for the problems involved.We followed the instructions and after the initial battery installation , they all held at 4:00 waiting for the signal . Once they received it , 3 ended up at the same time , while 2 were off by several minutes.The clocks initially set themselves to Pacific Time and then needed to be set to Eastern.For the 3 that ended up at the same time , let 's say 7:35 , when pressing the ET button on back , one ends up at 10:35 -LRB- properly -RRB- and the other 2 end up at 10:31 and 10:16 . This has nothing to do with an improper signal , as these 3 had the same initial time . The control board inside is bad in multiple units.We ended up continuing to use our old manual clocks ... we were better being a minute or two off over having random clock times.It is not a signal distance issue as we also purchased 3 digital ones and those all work fine .
 I let the clock sit by a window overnight to receive atomic signal and it never changed so I decided to manually set the time . The clock overrides my setting and continues to turn back time 20 min ?? It 's a CLOCK ... main purpose is to tell time and it fails big !
 Had the clock out on the Lanai . Every time the clock got to an even numbered hour it searched for the time signal and drastically changed time . The closest it got was about 40 minutes from the correct time . So , I tried to manually set the time . It held until it reached an even numbered hour , and then started the search mode again . Useless .
 It seemed this would be the perfect clock for my patio , a large face , the correct color , the radio control was a bonus . Actually the `` atomic '' feature is a curse . The clock is located outside . It never recieved a signal . The instructions for manually setting is wrong . I was ready to call help line , , , , -LRB- an 800 number to set a clock ????? -RRB- I tried several more times to set it manually , finally success.I was pretty jazzed , the next day the clock was off an hour , I reset it , and the next day I found it off again . I 'll reset it again and if it screws up again I may replace the innerds , -LRB- a word ? -RRB- with a traditional movement .
 I bought this item as a gift . Before giving I wanted to set it up for the recipient . I followed the instructions and had it working briefly . Once wrapped , I heard the hands cycling quickly around the clock -LRB- as if searching for the correct time -RRB- . I unwrapped it and called for tech support . They offered some options , mostly changing the battery . Once done with that it began running at the proper speed , but was off by 3 hours -LRB- for every time zone -RRB- . I 'm done with this hassle and returning to amazon .
 I highly anticipated a clock that gave me great time and minimal fuss to get it going . Truth be told the clock is finally keeping perfect time but took exactly six days of manipulation and teasing to get it to work properly . No matter what I did -LRB- and I did everything recommended by the booklet -RRB- nothing worked . The clock had a mind of its own . Even though the clock was pointed west with no obstructions it would not set itself correctly . It started out by being an hour slow and after numerous days and re - settings finally adjusted itself by some miracle to the correct time . It would have been helpful if I could have made contact with the company but after leaving five messages with them I gave up . Eventually two weeks later they returned my calls saying that they had a computer malfunction and were n't able to service my call . Anyway , the clock is working perfectly but the aggravation definitely was n't worth it .
 I received this as a gift from my husband for Mother 's Day - exactly what I wanted . Unfortunately , the clock did not work . It was unable to find a signal in any location , despite a new battery . When set manually according to the directions , it did not keep time , even after several attempts . Very frustrating - we are returning it .
 This radio controlled time set clock worked fine for the first nine months then began going nuts . Apparently for some reason it no longer was able to pick up the time signal from Colorado . We tried several locations without success . As per the training video the hands would start going around in circles , stopping after about 5 minutes , trying to reach the radio signal from Colorado but never able to locate it.Logically one would assume that as a default position , we at least could set the time manually . Hard to believe , but this is not possible !! Now its just an expensive piece of junk .
 This clock is great looking , the perfect size for outdoors and well insulated but we could not get it to keep time . We tried the manual and automatic setting . We went to the makers website and tried everything they suggested without success . After 21/2 weeks of trying we finally gave up and sent it back . We did n't want to do that because we loved everything else about the clock . But , after all what good is a clock that does n't keep time ? Unless you live in the Pacific time zone , I would n't waste my money on this .
 I purchased this for use on my patio as it says it is an indoor/outdoor . However , when reading the instruction manual it says that it is NOT water resistant and should only be used outside where it will be dry . So unless you are living in the middle of the Mojave Desert , I would find another option . It was returned immediately .
 The clock itself is beautiful . Unfortunately it does not keep accurate time and that is why I am giving it two stars . It is 33 + minutes off . We tried fresh batteries , setting by the window , etc. and when it finds its WWVB signal , it is still 33 + minutes off . I would send back but unfortunately I do not have the original packaging to return it in . I 've called the La Crosse Product Support Help number twice and an answering service takes a message stating someone technical will call back and to date , no one has returned our calls to try and help . The website did not provide any help either . So , it is a $ 49.99 manual set clock . It 's a shame . I could have bought a cheaper/bigger manual set clock .
 The pasta casserole dish -LRB- made in China -RRB- arrived chipped in several places and portions of the glaze were flaking off as well . This could not have been due to shipping but rather poor workmanship / product defect . For the price , I expected better quality . I was disappointed .
 When I first received this item it was broken . When I received the replacement the oil was leaking from the bottle . Printed on the bottom it says for decorative use only . I was looking for something useful not ornamental . On the whole I was quite disappointed in this item .
 Do n't waste your time ordering this item . First time pasta bowl arrived broken . Asked for a replacement item . And the replaced item arrived broken in more pieces . Quite disappointed !
 I received this item broken like all the other people who ordered it . I really wish I had read their reviews before I bought it . I waited too long to send it back even though it has been in the box since I got it and now it is too late . Not only am I stuck with a broken dish and oil that a person ca n't use , but I 'm out $ ... too ! Save yourself the trouble and stop in the nearest Target or Walmart for your favorite pasta set ! I would rate this item with No stars but I ca n't !
 I thought after all the complaints . . they would at least ship these decently . No way . Small box with a hole in it , both ends half open and a smashed casserole dish . No where on the shipping box were the words FRAGILE , GLASS , THIS SIDE UP ... either . It is really a cute gift , bright and happy . I do n't know about the quality . I did n't dare break the cellophane seal . I 'm trying one more time , and if they are still clueless that this is a breakable item , I 'll get a refund . MH
 After such a long waiting period for this item it arrived broken . I would never have paid more than 5 dollars for this item . Just not worth it . Oh and the 25 pound shipping rate is not correct . Really not worth the money is all I can say .
 Just like everyone else , my dish arrived broken . I also did n't understand why it was packed in such a poor box with poor packing materials . No wonder it did n't surivive .
 Had to return it two times because the casserole arrives broken .
 I have bought three of these , two as gifts.One of those bought as gifts -LRB- for my father-in-law , naturally -RRB- died in less that 6 months . The LCD flickers , it can not be reset , will not lock to the signal , and reads the temp neither indoors or out.When I contacted the email listed on the back of the clock , I was told that they no longer made that model and would not replace it . No other contact info is available.As an Engineer , I am highly offended by the idea that you can make a defective product and then eliminate any warranty returns by simply not making it anymore . By the way , they make the identical clock except that now it has the phase of the moon . Same clock , same price , no warranty.Cool idea , neat clock when it works , but buy from a more reputable company with actual warranty protection !
 I have had this product for about two years . All this while I had a good signal lock and the time was accurate . Then my battery -LRB- two AAs -RRB- were low so I replaced them with new ones ; deligently following instructions specified in the manual . Ever since I keep losing my signal link and the clock runs slow . I moved the clock around just in case there was interference -LRB- although it worked fine for the last 2 years -RRB- all for nought . I do n't have any new appliances that could cause interference that were not in the same location for the last 2 years.What is needed is a manual `` force link '' button so as to link-up with the radio waves . My Casio watch has this why ca n't this clock?All in all an OK product but next time I 'm going with Oregon Scientific . I am told that their product is more reliable by far .
 Photo on website 1,000 better than the real thing . Although this product does look more attractive than the others I purchase , it 's still cheap plastic rubbish . I seen better . Not worth the money . Am extremely disappointed with the product , the seller , the seller and the delivery time . I will not be shopping with this supplier again .
 I bought this air cleaner because of the cool remote control/air quality sensor , which is designed to regulate the fan speed based on the pllution of the air . The remote just died after a few hours of use.Also , the packaging makes it appear that this is an electrostaic air cleaner . It is not , rather the `` HEPA '' air filters are made of a woven plastic material.I bought this unit at Target and will return it right away .
 I just received the Welco 3 Pc 2 Qt . Stainless Steel Double Boiler set from Target.com and I am so very disappointed in it . I ordered it after looking for a long time on-line based on the all positive reviews I read here and at Target.com . The reason for my dismay is that the hollow handles on both the pot and the insert have very sharp seams and ends on the underneath side . Sharp enough to produce cuts just by picking up the pan ! It also appears that the handles are not that well attached to the body of the pans either - which is a further threat of injury when the pan is used in cooking.After already returning a `` Grand Gourmet '' set back to Meijer because the soft easy grip handles smelled so strongly of RUBBER that even after 1 week of `` airing them '' they aromatically contaminated -LRB- STUNK UP -RRB- the entire closed cabinet they were placed in after only 1 night . The whole thing smelled like a new set of tires in a closed garage . So , for me , the search goes on - surely there really is a set of Stainless Steel , heavy , flat bottomed double boilers out there somewhere with out paying a fortune . I do n't understand why ALL the reviews have been excellent for this product unless the manufacturer in China decided to change the design since they were written.Thanks , but no thanks .
 This cabinet was undeliverable the first time I ordered it because the mirror was already broken . When I reordered , I think the same cabinet was sent because the `` broken '' mirror had been dumped out , leaving a few shards of it in the box !
 OK , so it 's new and the first batch was a failure . I expected that . But be careful , the 1 cup of batter is too much ; the 5 minute time on medium is too short ; the outside of the waffles were well done while the inside was still moist -LRB- torn waffle -RRB- ; even pre-treated the waffles stick ; finally , it 's a terror to clean .
 The first few batches were a mess despite following the instructions for first time use . After that , the waffles never , EVER baked evenly . They were always too light and soggy around the edges . And the recommended 1 cup of batter was way too much . What a mess ! My biggest complaint , however , is that the handle broke after only about two dozen uses . It was quite a challenge tracking down the phone number for the company because the number printed in the instruction manual was no longer valid - how convenient . I was told that the warranty was expired and I was out of luck . What a waste of money . VERY poorly made .
 This thing worked OK for a few months but then it started falling apart.The unit is not very solid.I wish I had bought Krups one instead which has excellent reviews .
 An obvious counterfeit copy of theKrups Expert Waffle Maker , this abomination is n't even flattering in its imitation.When the grids are open for filling with batter , the upper grid overhangs the lower , requiring all sorts of contortions to get the batter into the corners without burning one 's knuckles . Once the grid is filled and you flip the baking platform over , much of the batter spurts and dribbles out onto the drip tray . The grids are barely deep enough to require the flip , but even if you choose not to , the upper grid does n't exert enough pressure to prevent a case of the batter squirts.One gets the nagging suspicion that an executive at Toastmaster was approached by a shady character with the prototype who said `` Looks just like the Krups and you can sell it for half the price ! '' Half the price is no bargain.After a few uses for our weekly waffle day at work , we gave up and acquired aPresto FlipSide Waffle Makerinstead . Presto has nailed the Belgian waffle with a simpler design that appears to be more sturdy than any other flipping household waffle maker .
 Have had this waffle maker for nearly a year and no matter what recipe or setting I use the waffles always come out dry and tasteless !
 I got this waffle maker as a gift so I ca n't say it 's not worth the money . I am extremely disappointed that the handle broke on the second use and the waffles do not cook evenly . It 's drips all around although the clean-up of the actual waffle maker is pretty easy . I say spend your money on something else !
 I bought this along with the Hepa filter thinking this was the little sponge filter at the top of the Hepa filter . This is a replacement for the Hepa filter instead . If you are looking for a very cheap replacement , then this is what you want . I 'd rather just have the Hepa filter . I did n't send it back , because it was so cheap , it was n't worth the effort .
 Nothing to do with the seller . Product arrived on time and was well packaged ... the product , on the other hand , sucks . Bought it to store lettuce but I did not realize I was buying a `` towel with a drawstring '' . Could have made one myself ... and , it pulled all the moisture out of my lettuce making the salad extremely dry and uneatable . My husband now uses it to transport his Ball Pythons since it was n't worth the trouble to return it ... back to my ziplock and paper towels .
 This does not help anymore than putting the lettuce in a brown paper sack in the refridgerator . Definitly wo n't recommend this to anyone .
 I did n't find that this product helped the bag lettuce I buy keep any longer . Save your money and buy a lettuce keeper from Tupperware .
 Does n't work AT ALL ! Do not order this item ... not worth the money at all .
 It is too soft for me . I was looking for higher-quality and denser memory foam .
 I have tried other `` memory '' cushions , this one is a piece of garbage.You seat on it and it flattens like a pancake . Do n't waste your money .
 You should include the size of the cushion . Office chairs come in different seat dimensions .
 Well you get what you pay for ! Both belts were weak and broke upon putting them on ! Spring for the extra few bucks and go with someone else !
 When I first saw this product I was so excited for it to arrive . What I had n't expected was something so small . When told it would have 32 different patterns in the kit it misleads you a little . You only get 7 or 8 sheets front and back with mostly basic fundimental designs on them that repeat only in a slightly different manner . It also does n't give ANY instrustiion on how to do any of the `` lessons '' shown . you need to look at the picture and figure it out for yourself . If you are just starting out and do n't know what you 're doing this would be good for you . Otherwise you know everything that is shown here . Better yet save your money and take a decorating course .
 I can not recommend this vaccuum to anyone for any reason . I completely broke down with in four months . Normal use . low carpet .
 Purchased this vacuum 2 years ago and have had the fan break three times on me . I have been very careful not to suck anything up that could possibly break the fan . We purchased this a Agency Vacuum and they charged us $ 900 and then charged us $ 150 for the 24 and 48 month check . I would go with a Kirby .
 I have n't tried the bags yet but these are not Sharp EC10PU2 bags ... they are aftermarket replacements.May be great bags but this is false advertising .
 The description says Sharp bags and the picture shows Sharp brand bags but these are not ! They are an after-market brand of bags made to fit Sharp vacuums . Not genuine Sharp bags .
 when I realized that I could not get these bags locally since Sharp does not sell vacuums anymore I purchased these on lineObviously I was out of bags when I realized this , The first shioment was bags for a canister . While the product was replaced the error costed a considerable amout of time , Product works fine just took too long to get it because of a mistake
 This would be very attractive except what you do n't see in the foto of the item is the manufacturer 's ugly black logo on the bottom of one side of it . It says `` Vic Firth Gourmet . '' Ruins the nice clean white appearance . Second , it does n't really grind the salt very well . It is only marginally better than a simple dish of coarse salt with no grinding , perhaps no better . The salt just sort of falls out of it . Note that this is not a cheap item .
 have had this about 7 months and the arm loosened up quickly -LRB- after just 2 months or so -RRB- causing the toilet paper to fall off and finally the arm snapped off and now it is just a toilet paper reserve . disappointing .
 Warning , this did not come with any mounting hardware . The picture shows screws , but it did not come with anything . After talking with InterDesign , they said it `` might '' come with `` nylon loops '' - we 'll see if I am able to get those shipped to me . I bought this from a Third Party Vendor through Amazon -LRB- Life and Home -RRB- and it arrived at my house in filthy condition - I had to wash and scrub the dirt off . The rack is pretty and what I wanted , though .
 The cabinet came shattered in box terrible packing . you would think they would pack glass in something other then peanuts !
 I received one of these a year ago for Xmas to replace an 18 yr old DLC7 -LRB- same as Cuisinart Custom 14 -RRB- . As everyone says , the features of this new model are great - much more convenient . HOWEVER ... I now have to return it for warranty service because of NUMEROUS defects.There are cracks in both feed tubes , the lid , and one is starting on the bowl , all along stress points that did n't exist in the old model . Worse , the plastic coating over the soft touch buttons cracked and developed a large hole , so I 've had to cover the buttons with tape to keep junk out of it . Since I have every confidence that these problems will return , be on the watch for a factory-reconditioned version for auction in the near future so I can get myself a Custom 14 : - -RRB-
 I received one of these a year ago for Xmas to replace an 18 yr old DLC7 -LRB- same as Cuisinart Custom 14 -RRB- . As everyone says , the features of this new model are great - much more convenient . HOWEVER ... I now have to return it for warranty service because of NUMEROUS defects.There are cracks in both feed tubes , the lid , and one is starting on the bowl , all along stress points that did n't exist in the old model . Worse , the plastic coating over the soft touch buttons cracked and developed a large hole , so I 've had to cover the buttons with tape to keep junk out of it . Since I have every confidence that these problems will return , be on the watch for a factory-reconditioned version for auction in the near future so I can get myself a Custom 14 : - -RRB-
 Cuisinart is supposed to be the top of the line . I got a 2014 14 cup processor and liked it until the tiny `` plastic '' part broke on the work bowl that engages the motor when clicked shut.To replace , you have to buy a whole new bowl for over $ 30 . One would think a quality conscious company would not use so cheap a part . Look closely at it , because I 'm sure it will break again in the future .
 After purchasing the Power Prep Plus 14 cup I discovered they no longer make the 3x3 mm julienne disc , which is an accessory I desparately want . Cuisinsart told me I should buy a 12 cup model , after I just spent $ 300 on a 14 cup . If I had wanted a 12 cup model I would have bought that in the first place . They make julienne discs for both 12 and 20 cup but not the 14 cup . This is very frustrating .
 You want 1 -RRB- . Runs in the poster . They obviously printed on a sucky printer .2 -RRB- . The graphics are terribly put together . It looks like a six year old sat on photoshop and put images off of google onto a 11x17 document and printed it out . I 'm a graphics student and I could have made this a lot better its not put together well and its not made correctly . Do n't waste your 8 $
 I am an accomplished hobby chef . I do not want every new thang that comes onto the market , because I have a knack of not being able to find ultimate single-function gadgets in my kitchen in the moment I need them . I want only a few tools , but I want them to be efficient
 This machine chopped well enough while it worked , butfailed after fewer than half a dozen uses.I use these machines to chop nuts and hard cheeses -LRB- which I first cut into manageable pieces -RRB- , and had noproblem with my similar `` Little Oscar '' machine , which lastedfor well over 10 years of hard use . I got this Cuisinart DLC-2as a replacement , and at first was quite happy with it since ithas a nice blade reverse feature . However , it quickly stoppedworking . I took it apart to see why and found that it hasvery cheap little plastic gears that ca n't handle any load.Given the problems I 've had with their other products too , I 'll never buy another Cuisinart .
 I bought this little Cuisinart DLC-2 . It does n't chop things it mutilates them . I tryed to chop an onion for spagetti sauce and it ended up pulverizing the onion to mush . I ended up having to physically chop another onion by hand . I had another little chopper for years made by another company that worked like a champ and was half the price . Do n't waste your money on this cute but useless gadget unless you only want to make soup or baby mush . Another lesson learned about `` looks are not everything '' .
 Nice product that worked as adverstiser for several uses but eventually burned out and was in the garbage within four months . I only used this processor for small jobs that should have been `` easy '' . Add this reviewer to list of reviewers who feel Cuisinart items seem prone to breakage after the warranty period has inspired.My full size processor is getting old too , so I think I 'll just bite the buller and a nice full size KitchenAid processor and be done with it . I will avoid Cuisinart processors in the future .
 I bought this Cuisinart Mini Prep about 1 year ago.It just died on me.It will immediately be replaced with something else.There MUST be better quality food processors on the market.Cheap !
 I bought a new 11-cup Cuisinart Food Processor in March . It started SMOKING when used in August . I returned it at my expense to a service center in NJ & demanded a new motor . In return , I rec 'd my motor/base which smokes more than ever . The Cuisinart `` customer service '' is abysmal . They still will not guarantee a new motor/base to replace my defective 5-month old processor . Ridiculous . I will never buy another Cuisinart product . I urge you to avoid Cuisinart . Unless , of course , you do n't mind disposing of a product that costs over $ 140 when it fails just months after purchase.Cuisinart DLC-2011CHB Prep 11 Plus 11-Cup Food Processor , Brushed Stainless
 In less than 6 months , the motor just up and quick . Had very gentle and infrequent use , so it was n't remotely abused . Amazon refund policy very short and does n't cover . I do n't think I 'll buy expensive appliances from Amazon anymore . Bought the Breville Sous Chef - now that is a quality machine that will last a lifetime . I believe Cuisinart has gone downhill over the years and is n't remotely what it used to be .
 I bought this food processor on June 4th . Today is Aug 9th and I am trying to figure out how to get my money back on this thing without getting screwed . After thoroughly reading the instructions and watching the instructional DVD I enjoyed my food processor for 2 months . It worked great . It was n't loud . I got to slice and dice and pulverize and liquefy . Then I kneaded my second batch of bread dough in it , following the directions on the manual , and smoke began pouring from the motor . I am a stay at home mom and our family lives on one income in an expensive part of the country , so it is pretty disappointing for me to have saved for something like this only to have it break within two months . It looks like your options for taking care of a defective machine are this :1 . pay for shipping to send it back to Amazon and then get a partial refund . then take the scraps of what is left of your cash and buy a black and decker or hamilton beach brand food processor2 . pay to send it to cuisinart , have them fix or replace it , and pay to have it shipped back as well .3 . cry and get angry because you just want your money back so you can buy a different brandWe are going to try dealing with customer service through cuisinart . For now I get to go back to being a food processor-less homemaker like I was for the past 6 years , minus the nice 2 months where I got to make more interesting foods . It 's too bad that things like this are n't made well anymore . Just one more piece of junk in a sea of disposable consumer items I guess .
 I did a ton of research and came to the conclusion that the DLC-2011 was the top choice . I spent hours and ran to several different stores to find it which also told me it must be good as it was sold out in most stores . I was buying this for my wife for Christmas to replace the one she has , as it is only four cups 20 years old and we got it at a thrift store for $ 5 , and she wanted something larger . Our primary use -LRB- 80 % -RRB- is chopping , especially when making dog food . The one she has works perfect for chopping and slicing but is a little bit of a pain due to its small size.Now about the DLC-2011 on a scale of 1-10 for chopping -LRB- 10 being the best -RRB- I give it a 1 and I 'm being gracious with that . Plain and simple , it ca n't chop . The design of the chopping blade is just wrong , the 2nd higher baled is n't high enough or there is n't enough of a gap between the two blades . The larger un-chopped pieces just bounce around on top of the blades while the stuff which has been chopped turns to mush . At first I thought my wife was n't using it correctly so I watched the video and tried it myself and sure enough I just watch the larger pieces of broccoli dance around on top of the blades while smaller stuff turned into soup . Took the same broccoli chunks put them in our old machine and within seconds if was all chopped to perfection.My review is based on our experience just with chopping ; we have never tried anything else due to the fact that if it ca n't chop we have no use for this processor . If you also need to use it for chopping I would recommend you look at other machines . We will be returning this unit today.I also plan to send pictures of the two different chopping blade designs to Cuisinart with the hope of them considering some design changes .
 Since August 9 , 2012 , I have used the Cuisinart food processor -LRB- 9-cup -RRB- in the first place for shredding lettuce , cucumber etc. . Fantastic . Having it for 2 weeks I tried a recipe from the Cuisinart instruction booklet , during processing the machine blew up , thick smoke coming from the motor . Via the suborganization from Amazon I contacted Cuisinart and told them the experience , they were not helpful at all . It came down to ... send us the machine ... at my own expence -LRB- both ways -RRB- . The Cuisinart person I talked to was not better than a taperecorder.Amazons ' intermediate organization was fortunately very helpful and gracious and solved the problem.A last thing about Cuisinart products I am familiar with they never gave me a reason to complain .
 Be very careful when ordering this product . Check the serial number on the bottom of the base . If it is not engraved , but on a label , the product is a `` pack-out '' model . According to Cuisinart , it is only guaranteed for 90 days and not the 3yr/10yr as indicated on the web page . Amazon said that they were going to remove this product immediately from their site , while investigating but obviously . This was 1 week ago and have not done so yet .
 The part that locks the bowl down broke right after we got this . The price is high for a processor that short-cuts some of the smaller pieces.Surprisingly Cusinart actually sent a replacement with one phone call but still that is a hassle .
 After spending an hour trying to remove the food pusher which was packed with plastic and impossible to remove we called Cuisinart . Wrong ! The guy , Adam , was a moron ... . Enough said.Solution
 I ordered this on line so I would n't have to waste time shopping . I waited 11 days for this item to arrive . Made sure cup was in the locked position , lid on and locked . Turned it on . Nothing but the red light worked . It was full of 5 different foods . Now I could n't see the blade so I cut my finger on the S-Blade trying to get frozen food out of it . I had to clean up a major food mess and repackage the item for UPS pickup . Wasted food . Wasted more time than if I had just gone to shop for it . I will never order a kitchen appliance on line again .
 I ordered this to replace a 25 plus year old Cuisinart and was immediately aware of the difference in quality between the older and newer versions and not in a positive way . One issue involved the bowl of the processor which had a flaw in the bowl . After an initial email correspondence with Amazon , I spoke with an Amazon representative and she made a three way call to Cusinart to discuss the issue . Cusinart 's response was they would send me another bowl for $ 10.00 . I explained this processor was just out of the box and why on earth would they charge me to replace a flawed item . Cusinart did not alter their position and at that point the Amazon representative said she would handle the issue . Amazon 's representative was terrific and handled the issue with courtesy and amazing speed . Within 16 hours she had UPS pickup the flawed item and within 10 days Amazon had completely refunded my money . Cusinart has lost a customer and Amazon gets very high marks for the way they handled this situation .
 Okay , so first I get a machine with a broken lid . Call customer service , they say I have to send back original lid at my expense . Get the replacement lid . Guess what , it does n't fit . Call customer service she said I obviously am doing something wrong . I tell her I am not an idiot and I know when something does n't fit . She says she 'll send me another one . I say why , if this one does n't fit why will the next one . Said I obviously need a top and bottom that match . She say oh , maybe you have a BPA free bottom . So we check and sure enough I do . So she says she 'll send me a BPA free lid . And I should get it in 10 days , Great , Christmas will be here and gone before I get to use this machine . She said she would schedule a UPS pick up of lid number 2 . They have yet to get it , it 's just sitting on my front porch , waiting for someone to come along and steal it . Merry Christmas .
 I was very excited to start using my Cuisinart but to my surprise when I unpacked it , the mixing/chopping blade was missing . I called Cuisinart and the conversation went like this : Me
 I purchased this food processor because it had good reviews . when I received it the lid would not close . I went to Williams-Sonoma to look at the same model and the lid went on and off with ease . I returned the processor for a replacement , the second processor had the same problem . I called cuisinart and after going over every step of assembly we both determined that this was also faulty . amazon is great with returns , cuisinart not so much . their solution was to ship my brand new purchase to them for repair .
 This just came in yesterday on a lightning deal -LRB- $ 109 -RRB- . It is a packaging nightmare . I 've been unable to disassemble the parts , which has to be done in order to get rid of all the plastic wrap , styrofoam , and paper used by the manufacturer to put the unit together . It 's like some of the parts are glued together with plastic wrap . Have n't even been able to get the top off the main unit , or take out the cylindrical thing that pushes food into the work bowl . I soaked the pusher assembly in soapy water overnight , but still ca n't get the pusher out . Why would they do it like this ? If I used any more strength trying to get the unit set up for use , I 'd break the plastic parts . Anyway , I have given up . I 'm returning it to Amazon . If I stuck with it for a few days , I 'd probably be able to eventually get everything disassembled and the unit working . But any manufacturer who would package their product like this ca n't possibly be smart enough to make a food processor worth keeping -- so it 's going back.Amazon has been rejecting this review , apparently because they think I 'm talking about shipping issues rather than the product . I 'm talking about how the manufacturer packed up the product . Whether you buy this appliance in a store , or have it delivered by common carrier , you are still subjected to this packaging issue . My problem is with what the manufacturer did -- not Amazon , a 3rd party seller , a shipper , or anyone else .
 I received this item after a friend had purchased it from AMAZON . It was impossible to separate the small and large pushers . Then to add insult to injury there was no engraved serial number on the bottom . The 5 digit number on the sticker above was `` not a valid serial number '' and I could n't get the customer service person from Cuisinart to even give suggestions . I am not sure who is responsible , Cuisinart or Amazon , but the food processor is being returned .
 I did , what I thought was , a lot of research and really took my time picking out a new food processor . I own a 15 year old 11 cup kitchenaid processor that I use all the time . It 's a great machine , but has been discontinued and I ca n't seem to order the parts I need for it right now . Thus , I figured it was time for a new one.I think the new 12 cup kitchenaid leaves a lot to be desired in the new design , and the same is true for many of the new Cuisinart processors , but this unit got a very high rating from consumer reports . So , I went for it ! I figured there was a 10 year motor and 3 year parts warranty , how big a chance could I be taking ? Right ?! Well buyer , beware ! I did notice some `` wonky '' reviews stating that these were refurbished units and only had a 90 day warranty , but many stated they purchased from a deal of the day , and I was n't . I assumed these must be 2 different lots as Amazon is SO reliable in descriptions of merchandise . Well , guess what ... First thing I did when I got it was pull it out and call Cuisinart . They verified from the serial # that it was a refurbished unit with a 90 day warranty . Second thing I did was pack it back up and send it back to Amazon with a less than friendly e-mail . Now , I am back on the hunt for a new food processor.To Amazon 's credit they stopped selling the machine about 1/2 hour after my e-mail was received and are `` researching '' what happened . I hope they do start selling the unit again , but properly advertised and possibly at a better price if it only has a 90 day warranty.Addendum
 My review is not in reference to the quality of the product ; but rather a warning to potential buyers via Amazon . I purchased this food processor on Black Friday 2012 as a lightning deal . Upon it 's arrival , I found that the serial number was not engraved on the bottom . Instead of the engraving , I found a sticker . After contacting Cuisinart customer service , they confirmed that the machine was a refurbished unit and not a new item . I contacted Amazon customer service , and they promised to investigate and send me a new item . The next day I received a SECOND refurbished unit . Again , I contacted customer service . They only offered the option of my returning the machine for a refund.I 'm so disappointed with Amazon . They are fraudulently selling refurbished Cuisinart food processors as though they are new items and feel no obligation to stop doing so or to make it right with the customers they continue to mislead.Please know that instead of the 3 year warranty you are entitled on a new machine , you 'll only have 90 days from purchase with these 2nd hand units . Amazon could care less about being honest with us as customers . There are many ways they could have tried to make it right -LRB- starting with disclosing their error on the product page ! -RRB- , but instead they continue to mislead folks into thinking they 're buying new machines .
 I received a Cusinart food processor as house warming gift . -LRB- It is a different model . -RRB- It broke down at the very first time I used it . I paid shipping and sent it back for repair . Then I got a letter that asked me to pay for the repair . I called multiple times and they said that it was not under warranty . Two out of three customer service representatives were very rude . They insisted that customers should pay as far as it is not under warranty `` regardless if it broke down at the first time or on the first day '' . That tells you they have no commitment to their product quality and how relentlessly they treat their customers . I would never buy another Cusinart product and return any Cusinart gift . Or I will just tell friends never to give me a Cusinart product .
 I was charged shipping although ad said shipped free.It weighs a tonMuch more complicated and harder to use than any food processor I ever owned ; will probably end up giving it to some worthy cause . Yuk !!!!
 What Is To Be Done ? This paltry specimen of ill-conceived gears , levers , and Oriental sweat could barely blend my Usufruct let alone the large amount of concrete necessary for Large-Scale Public Works . Indeed , one may qualm about what constitutes `` food '' and `` not-food '' but I am one to let my mouth be the judge - if it can fit in my mouth ergo my throat vis a vis my stomach , then by Gub almighty it is surely and sorely not `` not-food '' but rather `` food '' in of itself , per se . This Is But One Use of `` Reason '' with a Capital `` R '' . Machines such as this prescribed `` processor '' -LRB- ha ! -RRB- are wholly incapable of `` Reason '' With A Capital `` R ' and that is a most serious blight upon both their countenance and my counter . Have you any idea how expensible faux-marble is ? In fact , it is more expensive than Real Marble owing to the fact that it is a chemical triumvirate composed of myrhh , alkaloids , and rhino butter . Yet could the so-called `` Cusinart '' -LRB- oh ho ho ! -RRB- even hope to lacerate my desires ? Pah ! I adamantly qualify its efforts as `` Paltry at best . '' The most it could do was mince up ingredients for my Garlic 'd Bread and even then the only way to heat the machine up to the necessitated 450 degrees Kelvin was by leaving it out in the sun under a giant magnifying glass ... I never asked for this .
 Wow , where to begin . When the product arrived we were so excited . Removed all packaging , read directions , washed it and ready for use , NO ! The lid of the unit did not fit -LRB- Really ? -RRB- . We called Cuisinart and they asked for the serial number that is supposed to be part of the molded text on the bottom of the machine . Our machine does not have any text there , just a sticker . They insisted that it should have the text , we told them again that there was only a sticker with numbers on it and read the numbers off to them . Their first question was `` Is it a re-furbished item ? '' to which we replied `` No , not according to the Amazon listing and sales receipt . '' After a few more back-and-forth with the customer service rep , he finally agreed to send us a new lid if we sent the old lid back to them -LRB- Oh , and we had to pay the shipping ! Again , Really ? -RRB- After several uses , we noticed a very strong electrical smell - filled the whole house - coming out of the machine . We again called Cuisinart to see about having it fixed under warranty . At this point , we had only had the machine in usable condition for a few days . -LRB- After waiting almost 2 weeks for the new lid -RRB- Again we went through the back-and-forth regarding the serial number and they told us to try it again , that many machines just have an odor because they are new . When we did this , it seemed to have lost some power , it did not shred cheese as it did before . Finally they said to send it to them for repair . Not only did we have to pay for shipping to send it there , we also had to send a check with the machine to pay for the return shipping !! REALLY ??? After a month of waiting we called Cuisinart to check on the repair and were told that after testing , there was nothing wrong with our machine and that it was already on its way back to us . So , evidently the strong smell of burning electricity and loss of power is `` normal '' . REALLY ??? We are so disappointed . At this point we will never buy another Cuisinart product again .
 I purchased this item based on the various good review for this food processor . Unfortunately when we tried to unpack this food processor , we found that smaller pusher is stuck inside big pusher and can not be dislodged . This is probably b/c of excessive plastic wrapping in between the two pushers . We figure we can just call cuisinart customer service and get this part replaced . However , the customer service was not helpful at all . They first suggested immerse this part in hot water , which did n't work . They then asked for the s/n of the device and insist that the serial number is engraved on the bottom of the unit . When we checked the unit , we saw engraving of serial number
 My 10-year old Bravia food processor gave up the ghost when I over-challenged it with a huge hunk of hard cheese , and I could totally kick myself for ruining it . Especially since I replaced it with a pricey Cuisinart 9-cup brushed stainless model that was 5-star rated -- that has turned out to be a major disappointment . I have a dog who is allergic to most everything in the dogfood world , so I must make his food myself . One of the components is a `` salad '' comprised of spinach , baby carrots , and apple , with a little olive oil . My old Bravia took about 8 seconds to mulch this into a lovely slaw , with all pieces evenly chopped . The Cuisinart practically liquifies the spinach , while the apple and carrot are still in large pieces . I have tried processing the carrots and apples first , then adding the spinach , which works for the apples and carrots , but the spinach just sits there without moving . The only way I have been able to make this work is to do the spinach separately from the apples and carrots , then mix them together by hand in a bowl . This makes what should be a 2 minute job into a 10 minute one . Another surprise was when I discovered that the Cuisinart 9 cup processor bowl only holds 2 cups of liquid . My Bravia could be filled 2/3 full ... Unfortunately , the Bravia is no longer made . And buyers beware ... when I checked with the Amazon website , their refund policy says I can only expect `` up to a 50 percent refund '' on the Cuisinart because it has been used , even though it is under 3 weeks old . I ca n't remember ever having to return anything to Amazon before , so the return policy came as a surprise . I have only owned one Cuisinart appliance in the past -- a toaster -- and it was great . Was n't Cuisinart the creator of food processors eons ago ?? You would think they would have this thing perfected by now ... . I am very , very disappointed with this product.July , 2009 . I 've had this food processor for not quite 6 months . I use it every three days to make my dog 's `` salads . '' Last evening , the black trim on the handle of the 9-cup container broke off in my hand when I was removing the container from the unit . You would think that the manufacturer would realize that a handle that receives a great deal of torque -LRB- twisting the container on and off the motor unit -RRB- should be a one-piece component and not two pieces . My handy hubby has epoxied the handle back together , but he 's not optimistic about how long the fix will last . I 'm told that Cuisinart is no longer a French company , but is now American . This is totally a design flaw , and the American parent company , not the Chinese manufacturer , is to blame . It seems that many products become trash when they become American . How unfortunate . I am going to contact Cuisinart to see if they will replace the container , and will update this posting with the results.Later ... Yes , actually the Customer Service was quite good . They replaced the bowl with the broken handle . But , now , the pusher , which has a `` pin '' which apparently enables the motor when the components are properly assembled , has separated from the pusher . I can still use it , but must be very careful to make sure the pin is manually inserted and at the proper depth to enable the motor . Bother !! I have purchased a new pusher -LRB- $ 14.00 -RRB- , and a new bowl -LRB- $ 30.00 -RRB- just to make the cost of shipping worthwhile . And I am now getting a decent result with my dog 's `` salad '' by putting chopped apples in first , followed by the spinach , then weighing everything down with the carrots . But honestly , I ca n't wait until the motor dies on this food processor so I can buy something else .
 While shopping on-line for a food processor my wife and I found something interesting about these food processors.The color determines who is selling the food processor ... . And to me it appears that only the silver model is sold by amazon and is still being sold by Cuisinart . If your model number ends in anything other then `` CHB '' it appears no longer to be sold by Cuisinart but is sold by other discount places still , as refurbs ... minus the 10 year warrenty but only with 90 days.So yes refurbs ARE being sold on Amazon but those are not fulfilled from Amazon . If you notice in the fulfilment section most says
 Cuisinart DLC-2011 Prep 11 Plus Food Processor , WhiteCuisinart DLC-2011 food processor , 11 cup.In the instruction manual and DVD Cuisinart lists crucial attachment parts such as a whisk attachment . However , they discontinue these important parts while still selling the main product that has very few attachment parts . Had I known that these parts are not available as advertised I would not have bought this product . Cuisinart 's customer service is unhelpful and brisk to rude , will not take the food processor back . They sell it under false promises .
 I wish I had read the most current reviews before wasting my time buying this Item . Apparantly , Amazon has shipped dozens that have the same problem . The manufacturer used too much and too sticky shrink wrapping all over the mechanisms , resulting in the small pusher mechanism being fused together . The manufacturer obviously lacks quality control and Amazon lacks ingtegity . We 're left with having to repackage everything , mail it back and wait for our refund to be processed before we can purchase a reputable machine from a reputable seller . Both Cuisinart and Amazon get one star for this disappointing transaction .
 I bought this for my mother for Mother 's Day , It worked fine for 7 months . Today , she turned it on and nothing happened . This machine is not used on a daily basis , and used mainly to chop nuts . I called Cuisinart , I was told it was still under warranty , but I need to send it back , my own expense , and enclose a $ 10 check for shipping and handling so they could send it back to me . For the price I could have gone to Wal Mart and bought a $ 20 machine , which probably would have lasted longer and would not be as upsetting , compared to $ 149 . My advice choose another brand .
 This was bought as a Christmas present for my wife . It was the worst purchase I have made on amazon . Parts were discovered to be broken upon opening the box . Also , two parts were wrapped so tightly in so much packaging that it was impossible to separate them . Cuisinart customer service stated that they would not ship replacement parts for a week and after that it would take an additional 7 to 12 days to receive the parts . Pretty useless for a Christmas gift.Fortunately , amazon accepted the return . After the experience with Cuisinart I will not buy any of their products again .
 I bought this processor from a big department store . I hate it so much that I am reviewing here . It is flimsy . It also does not work -- in prepping a dinner recently , the mayonnaise I was making did not fully emulsify -- there was raw egg at the bottom after lengthy processing with a slow stream of oil . I then moved on to a compound butter -- the garlic and shallots in the butter never really pureed and , again , at the bottom of the processor , were ingredients -LRB- lime juice , chunks of room temp butter etc. -RRB- that never incorporated into the mixture . This is an AWFUL machine -- and I am a long-time Cuisinart devotee . Taking it back to the department store and praying to find something better . This one is crap .
 I HATE this food processor ! I have had it for several years now and rarely use it because it is so hard to get the container off of the unit . I have to beat it and stand on my head and do acrobatics and pray that the stupid thing will come off without spilling my food . Other than that it works fine . But it is just too annoying to use and I am going to replace it with a less annoying and hopefully easier to work unit . If you want to purchase this unit ... take mine for free !
 I was so disappointed that the &#34; shatterproof &#34; bowl broke after such a short time . I have been contacting Cuisinart and it 's not going to be easy to get a replacement . It is unusable without the bowl and not sure how to get another one , that likely costs the company only several dollars.The bowl chipped where it is to fit into the bottom housing of the machine , therefore it does not stay in place .
 Following the recommendations of Cooks Illustrated , I bought the 11-cup Prep Plus food processor two years ago , after having owned a Cuisinart DLC-8 food processor for about 20 years . This second food processor was for use on a boat , and I bought it primarily to multitask , incuding making bread . Storing a stand mixer was not practical . I am EXTREMELY disappointed in the Prep Plus . Although it is supposed to have more capacity than the old processor , it seems to be underpowered for the size . I have yet to be able to make bread without the machine stalling , or coming close to it , even following the instructions in the booklet that came with it . And it 's not inexperience -- I have made LOTS of bread in the old processor . The 11-cup Prep Plus seems to be able to perform other tasks reasonably well , which should n't really be a challenge for a decent food processor that cost as much as this one did . Handling dough is the acid test.Steer clear of this made-in-China model .
 while Cuisinart products may be okay I find their customer service impossible . I emailed a question ages ago to customer service and never got any answer . I also telephoned and my call was cut off after I had waited five minutes to speak to someone . Completely disgusted .
 Started using it for the first time mixing a batter - the food Processor began to smoke and smell hot , before I could unplug it , it stopped working . It was dead after that . Returned it the next day and ordered a Kitchen Aide , have n't had a chance to try it yet . Had to repackage it and pay the shipping to return it . Not a good experience .
 I ordered the 9 cup version and it 's a nice machine in general , well made although it did seem small after having a 14 cup for years . I used it only once but noticed that getting the bowl locked into position was difficult , and the second time it seemed that if i tried much harder it would break . i could get it locked into place but it was such a pain that i decided to send the unit back . i 'm convinced that with a couple dozen repetitions the plastic involved in the locking mechanism would have broken . i 've noticed other reviewers have had this problem so it seems to be a design flaw in this series of processors . I 've ordered the elite 11 cup to get a little more size and hopefully a better design on the bowl locking mechanism .
 I was excited with the purchase . Used it to shred cheese and carrots and it worked great . Next day it just stopped working , I could n't figure out what happened . . the manual has no troubleshooting tips.I tried all I could do . . wrote to cuisinart customer care but no one responded.I 'm kind of disappointed with the customer care . Product itself seems to have all the feature that I need but I will be returning it and maybe opt for kitchen aid .
 I just used my new 9 cup Cuisinart food processor and am not impressed.First , there are multiple pieces that must be put together every time you want to change a blade . With my old processor , you lifted out one cutting blade and put a different one in its place , that 's it . With this processor , you have to remove a center stem that is holding up the blade , turn it upside down onto your counter top - still attached to the blade - then mess with a little latch and turn it to remove the blade - and then do the whole thing in reverse to put on the different blade . What a pain ! What a mess on my counter ! Could n't the engineers figure out a permanent center stem that would hold all the blades ? Is that really too much to ask?Second , the results you get are inconsistent and not attractive . I followed instructions exactly to chop an onion . By the time you chop an onion into 1 inch chunks as the instructions direct , you might as well just keep chopping on your cutting board for two more minutes and end up with consistently sized pieces for your recipe . I 'll never use the processor for an onion again . When I put the 1-inch chopped pieces into the work bowl of the processor and pulsed for two seconds , I ended up with half of the onion in microscopic-sized pieces and the other half in irregular 1/2 inch slices . What 's one to do ? Fish through the puree for the pieces that are too big and chop them separately ??!! Or perhaps just puree the whole thing.Then I changed the blade and sliced some carrots . The carrots were peeled and cut into consistent two inch lengths and put into the narrow feeding tube as directed . Some of the slices were literally so thin you could read the newspaper through them and some of them were about 2mm thick . Not exactly consistent or attractive . Nor will they all cook in the same length of time.I guess if I have a whole bunch of vegetables that I want minced into indistinguishable dots of color , I 'll use this processor . Otherwise , I 'm back to a good knife and a cutting board . At least those two things will fit into my dishwasher without taking up all the space - and I do n't have to take them apart .
 I like good design , lots of features and industrial strength , so when I saw this `` full-featured '' elegant processor with extras well under $ ... new , I brought it home and tested it with my favorite Italian batter bread recipe from Bernard Clayton 's authoritative bread book . This bread takes 35 minutes of kneading with my powerful Kenwood Major mixer , but the Kenwood mixer walks around the counter as it slams the doughball , so I looked forward to Clayton 's 7-minute Cuisinart kneading time . The light batter lifted up the blade and allowed seepage all around the bowl before I reached 2/3 of the claimed 6-cups of flour capacity . It looked like `` the blob '' was back and about to eat Seattle . Customer service operator at Cuisinart left me on hold for 10 minutes while she `` went to get a blade , '' then disconnected me . Second half-hour call got me an operator who would n't hang up . She got the blade , confirmed that it does not `` snap in place '' as the first operator claimed , told me I had to use only Cuisinart bread recipes . This machine is only 570 watts -- info missing on the box -- and mine stopped with only 5 cups of flour and 2 cups of water -- well under the 6-cups of flour claimed capacity . Clayton offers adjusted recipes for food processors , but apparently he had n't tested this `` gem . '' If you want to do various breads , forget the Cuisinart 2011 . If you want to cool your heels while your incompletely mixed bread is rising , try Cuisinart 's 800 number . Your wish will be granted , but your bread , it will not be so good .
 Unfortunately , I did not read the most recent reviews for this food processor . The product I was sent confirms what other reviewers have already said . It has the worst packaging I have ever seen . The small pusher is wrapped in plastic and shoved into the large pusher in such a way that it is absolutely impossible to remove . I tried soaking it in oil and hot water as other reviewers suggested to no avail . I am returning it , and I am not sure I will buy another product from Cuisinart ever again .
 I have had this product for only a short time and have already gone through 3 faulty work bowls . Although I followed all the guidelines in their handbook , the bowl on my food processor broke after just a few months of use . I contacted Cuisinart and since my product was still under warranty I was able to get a replacement bowl sent to me . However , I did have to pay to have my old broken bowl shipped back to them . When I received my new bowl , I noticed that it was malformed . I contacted customer service again and they offered to send me another new bowl if I paid once again to have my old bowl shipped back to them . When I received the third bowl , not only was it also malformed it did not even fit properly with the lid . I contacted customer service once again and they were very unhelpful . Offering only to replace the bowl again with me paying for shipping . I asked to have then entire bowl and lid combo replaced -LRB- hoping that they could then send me something that actually fit -RRB- and they refused . I am now out nearly $ 20 in shipping costs and still have a food processor that does n't work . This product was bought as an upgrade to an old Cuisinart food processor that I had for 6 years . The quality just is n't the same . I wish I had never switched .
 I purchased this about six months ago and have had nothing but problems with it . It has too many safety features , which make it hard to operate quickly . The bowl is extremely hard to click in place and if it 's not precisely lined up , the motor wo n't run . The attachments often do n't line up either and the `` brushed stainless '' never looks clean . It 's more like cheap chrome and for the price of this item , I was and remain very disappointed . I had to dispose of it because it just does n't work properly . I hope that this was just a bad example because I am normally very pleased with Cuisinart .
 I had a similar model of Cuisinart food processor , and the blade recently broke off while in use , broke through the plastic container , and flew across the room . As a result of luck only , no one was in its path . Customer service had no real response ; they suggested that I pay $ 20 to replace the broken parts.An examination of the broken blade shows that this is likely to be a recurring problem with this model and any other Cuisinarts using a similar blade . It is clear that this structural failure is due to a lack of reinforcement of the blades at the point of riveting . The removal of material for the placement of the rivets , the thinness of the material , and the large amount of leverage placed upon the rivets by the longer blades led to the structural failure of the part . This failure could have happened at any time , and could have caused severe injury to the user . The tempering necessary to create blades that stay sharp is the same tempering that makes it impossible to have such thin , un-reinforced parts . The blades should either be made of thicker material , or have a wider section in the area of rivet contact to avoid failure .
 It is a good product & it did simplify our cooking . The recipe book is nice too . The part of the product which I do not like is that the blades are not stainless steel but made of metal . Put a magnet against the blade & it will stick . After a month of use , one of the blades developed a rust spot.Remember to dry the blades such that no water spots remains on it after washing it else you will have rust spots on your blades . ''
 Since I have used Amazon for books , I decided to try them for this appliance . What a bad decision ! The food processor arrived without the additional blades , spatula , and cookbook ! Unfortunately I did n't discover this until I unwrapped all of the other pieces . And now Amazon says to contact the manufacturer ? What a ripoff by Amazon .
 I had a similar model of Cuisinart food processor , and the blade recently broke off while in use , broke through the plastic container , and flew across the room . As a result of luck only , no one was in its path . Customer service had no real response ; they suggested that I pay $ 20 to replace the broken parts.An examination of the broken blade shows that this is likely to be a recurring problem with this model and any other Cuisinarts using a similar blade . It is clear that this structural failure is due to a lack of reinforcement of the blades at the point of riveting . The removal of material for the placement of the rivets , the thinness of the material , and the large amount of leverage placed upon the rivets by the longer blades led to the structural failure of the part . This failure could have happened at any time , and could have caused severe injury to the user . The tempering necessary to create blades that stay sharp is the same tempering that makes it impossible to have such thin , un-reinforced parts . The blades should either be made of thicker material , or have a wider section in the area of rivet contact to avoid failure .
 Arthritis finally forced me to purchase a food processor . This seems to do it 's job but I would still rather knead , mix and chop the old-fashioned way . It 's the best part of cooking . For now I will keep this machine in the pantry for those times I am forced to resort to using it .
 My husband bought me this item for Christmas to replace my old small cuisinart that I 've had for years . Unfortunately , the new one does n't measure up to the old one at ALL . It went back in the box after one use and returned to the store . I started by grating some potatoes for my potato pancakes . What a MESS ! I hate the new design where nothing can be taller than the food shoot , because the unit will not power up until the top is engaged . My old machine did not do this . So I would be unable to slice celery , cucumber , carrot , potato , without first cutting it all in to hunks shorter than the food tube . Unacceptable . If I have to go to all that trouble , I may as well just slice the food up myself ! Also , the shredding feature was horrible . I had an entire slice of potato left that would n't shred because the food pusher would n't go down far enough . So after shredding 4 potatoes , I was left with 4 good sized slices of potato that would n't go through . In addition to that , there is too much space between the shredding disc and the sides of the bowl , and that allowed large chunks of potato to go sliding down in to the bowl without even being shredded ! The same happened when I tried to shred my onion . Entire slices of onion were in the bowl , not shredded at all . After all this , I got out my old cuisinart , shredded up the rest of my onion with NO trouble at all , put the new one back in the box , and my husband returned it . I can not recommend this new model AT ALL . I 'm going to look in to the Kitchenaid , as I need a larger food processor , but it wo n't be this Cuisinart !
 Having spent 20 + years in busy restaurant kitchens , I know the value of a well-made piece of equipment . I have always found that Cuisinart was a great choice for our home kitchen . In this case , the DLC-2011 has performed well at every task , but the materials have failed over time . The first to go was the shaft for the shredder plate . Next was the handle on the bowl . Now we lost the shroud around the safety latch on the cover . If we buy this replacement piece , I will have paid about 75 % of the price for a brand new unit . This is quite simply material failure over time to a degree that is unacceptable . The pieces all failed along seams or other places where one piece joined another . I should note that the plastic covering the buttons is starting to crack around the underlying switch . The motor still runs like a champ!We take very good care of all our kitchen equipment , and do not exceed the capacity of any given appliance . We tend to invest in pieces that will be around for many years . -LRB- Our KichenAid stand mixer is one example . Still cranking it out after 25 years ! -RRB- This item is definitely not in that class . We really like our other Cuisinart kitchen gear - but this is a disappointment .
 As long as you do n't need customer service , you will be OK . Cusinart has possibly the worst customer service I have ever experienced . I burned out a motor on my DLC-2011BC -LRB- apparently a common problem -RRB- . I was told I needed to send the unit back for warranty service as the motor is warranted for 10 years . I sent it back the next day . Six weeks later I finally received a letter stating that the repairs would cost $ 46 -LRB- apparently for shipping and labor -RRB- . I contacted them to find out why a warrnted repair , which per the warranty would be completed free of charge to the consumer , costs $ 46 . They said they would get back to me in three days with an answer . Two weeks later , no repsonse . I called back and spoke to another individual and a supervisor both of which were were of totally no assistance . Here it is nine weeks after I sent my unit to Cuisinart and I am no closer to getting the warranty work completed than I was then . If you have a Cuisinart product and it breaks under the warranty period , just throw it away !!!!
 I received this product as a Christmas present and upon its first use this morning -LRB- 2 days later -RRB- it started billowing thick smoke from both sides of the engine housing . I was making a soft vegetable dip and the chopping blade turned freely at full speed , so I know that engine was not being taxed . When I called Cuisinart customer service I was informed that the unit was most likely defective and that I could take the unit to a factory authorized repair center . However , but they flatly refused to replace the defective unit . When I said I did n't want a full priced `` factory refurb '' as a Christmas present and would try to get a refund from Amazon , the representative just said `` fine -- have a happy day . '' I will now try to get a refund from Amazon and will replace this unit with a different brand .
 My box looked perfect condition , new , and opening it appeared the same way . As soon as I took the theCuisinart DLC-2ABC Mini-Prep Plus Food Processor , Brushed Chromeout of the plastic wrap , though , it smelled like someone sprayed me directly in the face with RAID insect spray . I advise either opening outside wearing a mask and letting it sit there all day before bringing inside or buying a different product .
 The only thing in my kitchen more useless than the mini-prep is the `` E-Z Chopper '' I got from a popular home cooking gadget party . For my money , nothing beats a good knife and cutting board . Every time I haul this thing out of the cabinet , I regret it . I can chop and dice better by hand . For a soup puree , it can handle roughly 3/4 of a cup before it spews all over the kitchen . For any significant amount of liquid or solid , you 're better off using an immersion blender or chopping by hand . I spend more time cleaning up for what this small jar ca n't handle than enjoying what it might be able to process.On the off chance that whatever I 'm making does fit in the tiny bowl without spilling , it starts smoking and smelling like burning within 5 seconds of work . If I have to pre-chop everything before I throw it in , the appliance does n't really have any redeeming qualities.I do n't cook in huge amounts , but I find this tool to be completely useless . I was glad to throw it out when I got a real food processor for myself .
 I use this instrument mainly to puree semi-frozen bananas and chop onions . It chops quite coarsely , which is minimally useful , but my biggest complaint is that the motor burned out not once , but TWICE ! I 'd only used it a handful - maybe 5 times total for 2 machines ? - since purchasing it . The first time it burned out , I exchanged it through the 18-mo warranty , which was a bit cumbersome with being put on hold for 20 minutes , and then the FedEX returns -LRB- I work during the day , so it was difficult to schedule a pickup -RRB- and swap . However , when I received the new one , I had only used it twice before it burned out again !
 I was grinding garlic and salt together and the blade broke off and tore through the plastic bowl . If I was holding it , it would have sliced through my hand ! I called Cuisinart to report the problem and they were very rude . They kept telling me that it was out of warranty and there was nothing they could do . You would think they would want to know what happened and perhaps tell the manufacturer to attach the blade more securely !! This thing is a hazard do n't spend your money on it or count on Cuisinart to stand behind their product .
 I purchased this machine and took it back . It was noisy , and jumped all over the counter when I tried to chop 4 oz of frozen strawberries - a small amount . I purchased the Kitchenaide mini chopper and it performed flawlessly at the same task - chopped the strawberries without strain , and is more solidly built and much quieter . The Kitchenaide performs so much better at all tasks that I will eventually replace my regular size Cuisinart with a Kitchenaide as well .
 This product does not work well . The chopped vegetable pieces vary widely in size and some pieces need manual chopping afterwards . If you chop a little longer expecting a better result , the veggies will be minced.I returned this product .
 We bought this machine two days ago . It does n't suck the food down for consistent grinding for baby food , which is what we bought it for . The top is chunky and the bottom is smooth . You have to consistently stir the items . Then it broke . The center rotator that turns the blade snapped off when we were blending avocado . We turned this item in , and are going to get a kitchenaide instead , as previous reviewers have recommended .
 I have a ` regular size ' food processor , but I wanted one for mincing garlic . I use a lot of garlic in my pasta sauce , and the press that I have , which was not cheap , just took so long.This was very nice to have . I used it more than the larger Cuisanart processor , for garlic , shakes , chopping nuts . And it 's so easy to put away.One night , I chopped some garlic , wonder of wonders . It worked fine . I left the base out because I need chopped walnuts in the morning . The next morning , kaput . About 14 hours previously , it had worked fine . The base did n't get wet , and I ensured many times that that the bowl was on properly , as well as the lid . Still , nothing.What the heck?I bought the 4-cup Mini-Prep for my son for Christmas . I hope that one does n't die after six months .
 I did alot of research before purchasing this item and I chose this one because the reviews said it chops evenly . Absolutely not true . I have tried on the chop and grind options and even putting in just 3-4 nuts some of the nuts are still practically whole while the rest of it is practically ground into flour . Very disappointed . I would n't recommend it at all .
 Amazingly , this little unit failed to blend mayonnaise on its first go around . Sort of sad really . Bought it at Costco , returning it tomorrow ... Also , the unit slides across the countertop -LRB- mine are rough laminate -RRB- when turned on . Controls are hard to use with one hand ... something necessary for making emulsified sauces . No option to keep unit running . Just a poor all-around design .
 This is a poorly made Chinese piece of plastic crap ! Unbelievably poor construction . So much for the Cuisinart name and their CEO must have a few of his own screws loose or something selling cheap crap like this !
 This product is functional so no complaints about it working , however , it is so cheap it does n't line up with what I have come to know and expect from Cuisinart . The `` brushed chrome '' is plastic , as it the canister itself . I use it , but keep it hidden under the counter when not in use as it is n't worthy of being on display among its classy counterparts . Tsk , tsk , Cuisinart !
 If you want to make a smoothie with this . . forget about it . The liquid splashes out from the two little holes at the top or it leaks from the side of the cover . .
 We make a lot of Asian food . For some salads , we use peanut and dried shrimp powder . I purchased this Chrome processor for grinding powder . When I put dried shrimps , this machine did not grind or even make small chanks . I removed shrimps and put peanuts but did not grind either , instead just crushed large chanks . I just wanted to grind the way I used my old Braun coffee grinder . Then , I started smell smokes . It seemed burning . I put this back in Amazon 's box and returned the next day.If you intend to use this as a grinder , this is not for you . Besides , Chrome means just chrome color , this machine is just a cheap plastic . Light weight of course , but not durable . I will keep using my old Braun coffee grinder for grinding dried shrimps , peanuts , red pepper , black pepper , etc. , -LRB- except coffee ;--RRB- though it 's quite small .
 I love the Cuisinart products . However , I used this processor once to make salad dressing . I washed it and put it away and 2 weeks later , I pulled it out of the cupboard to make salad dressing again , and it did n't work ! It was dead ! I sent it back to Amazon -LRB- which I might add is incredibly easy -RRB- and had it replaced with another processor . Todate I have not used the 2nd processor .
 I was looking forward to using this mini-prep food processor to create homemade dressings , etc. & expected it to work beautifully given the Cuisinart reputation . So I was very disappointed to discover upon using it that it does n't have an `` ON '' button which would allow you to mix a dressing for several minutes -LRB- you can really only pulse this -RRB- AND even with intermittent pulsing , the motor smelled like it was burning up after less than a minute of pressing it.In other words , it 's all but useless in its ability to do anything other than a 5 sec chop -LRB- which it did fine , but I need a processor that is more versatile & can be used for multiple culinary creations -RRB- . Unfortunately we had to go to the hassle of returning it & now looking for a machine that does n't smell like the motor is going to blow up by doing what one would think a food processor could easily do .
 I am really disappointed with Cuisinart . This product was already not great to begin with , but now it has completely stopped working after maybe a dozen uses . I will not buy a Cuisinart product again .
 This was advertized as having 2 functions . In essence it only has 1 - grind . If you are looking for a chopper ... keep looking !
 The biggest problem with the mini prep is the `` mini '' . Does does n't hold very much . If you put too much in , it 'll puree what 's at the bottom and leave whole what 's on top . Not good.If you regularly need to process small quantities , like about 1/2 cup , this works . But I do n't find that it 's worth the clean up instead of just using a knife . I rarely get mine out . I 've used it occasionally to to mince onions but I usually slice them instead.For things you 'd usually process in small quantities , like herbs , just get a coffee grinder . They are much cheaper and even smaller !
 The biggest problem with the mini prep is the `` mini '' . Does does n't hold very much . If you put too much in , it 'll puree what 's at the bottom and leave whole what 's on top . Not good.If you regularly need to process small quantities , like about 1/2 cup , this works . But is it worth the clean up instead of just using a knife ? I rarely get mine out . Sometimes if I want to mince onions but I usually slice them.For things you 'd usually process in small quantities , like herbs , just get a coffee grinder . They are much cheaper and even smaller !
 I purchased this food processor to use for a variety of tasks
 I had this product for about a year and used it on occasion . I generally use a knife and cutting board . While making a small batch of pesto , the blade jumped all over and the machine starting smoking . Going for a KitchenAid now . We shall see .
 Very disappointed in the fact that it is not suitable for Australian consumers . It should be stated in the ad that the voltage is 110v . . many countries use 240v . It is a lovely machine and I was certainly looking forward to using it . Had I used it with a global plug i would have blown the power/electrics in my home ... Now I have a problem with returning the product . To do so would cost me twice its value . I guess it will end up in the trash . How sad . Had you said in the advertisement unsuitable for 240voltage ... any thoughts on this Amazon ??
 This does not do the job like it is supose to do . I would n't recomend it to any one . Tried to grind flax seed and would n't even touch them . Had to use my coffee grinder . Very disapointed . So it just sits on my counter and looks pretty .
 I thought I would use this and do small batches but it 's just so dinky . If you do n't plan on making anything but salsa , it might work for you .
 Bought originally for homemade baby food . Works well enough on softer stuff . It only sees light duty but we have gone through two broken lids - the locking piece breaks off . Can get replacements , but IMHO they are a bit pricey for what they are . Not a sturdy design .
 The product says that it is dishwasher safe , but after one trip through our dishwasher we are going to have to buy a new work bowl and lid ...
 This item was shipped on February 6 , 2012 . We purchased it brand new . We used it approx . four times and on Mar. 22 , it quit working and would not turn on . It is defective and we can not return it since it is past the 30 days return policy . Obviously we are not happy about this .
 I have owned a full sized Cuisinart for years and it has worked flawlessly . I had an inexpensive mini-processor that I used for 12 years before the motor gave out . The Cuisinart mini-prep looked like the perfect replacement . This replacement was broken within a week.First , the brushed chrome is not actually chrome ; it is plastic and it is the cheapest feeling plastic you can imagine.Second , the bowl and cover were difficult to slide into place.While the mechanism worked well , the clips on the lid snapped off on the third use of this machine even though the cover locked in place . It felt cheap and flimsy and it was . It is going back . It was a major disappointment .
 I bought a Cuisinart DLC-2ABC Mini Prep Plus Food Processsor at Amazon.com . Used it one time and the motor just stopped . Let it rest and tried it again ... I am a Cancer Patient and my helper was trying to puree some cooked dried fruits for me . She came back the next time and it was still not working . If I had saved the box I would have returned it , but one ca n't keep all boxes in a 1 room apt , in a nursing home . Renee -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This is a very cute machine and works very well but seems to me to produce the same results as the smaller Cuisinart which uses the wand to activate the chopping function . It does not hold more food than the base of the wand chopper and chops very finely ... in fact pulverizes vegetables unless one is very careful to quickly press and release the chop button .
 Not durable , I 'm afraid . I was using it about once a week , and it started leaking after a couple of months and then the `` lock-in '' tab snapped off the lid .
 A little mayo , some toasted pecans , and 1/2 '' chunks of cheddar . That 's all it took to depress this underwhelming appliance . It began groaning - it shook - it then emitted the unmistakable reek of burning electronics.The cheese was at room temperature and the container less than 1/2 full . This should not have been challenging , should it?Cuisinart has built some commendable products ; but , really , in recent years they 've been too willing to put their name on just about anything .
 I purchased this item on Amazon two years ago and am now back on Amazon to find a replacment mini food processor . My husband and I have used this machine an average of one to two times a month over these two years and I would say that we have never had a month where we used it more than twice . After a maximum of 50 uses , this machine just died . It will not work at all and we have unfortunately passed the 1-1/2 year warranty . What a cheap piece of junk and certainly not what I expected from a Cuisinart product .
 I bought this machine in order to make my baby 's food and it worked fine for that task . But when I started chopping nuts and hard cheeses , it just could n't do it . The blade broke and I just realized that it costs about $ 20 - s + h included - to replace it . It 's just not worth it .
 My friend and I are into cooking and healthy living so I thought this would be a great gift to send her for the holidays . I spend a LOT of time thinking of what to get her and always want to give people the perfect gifts . After quite a bit of thought and researching , I decided , even though this food processor might not be the most expensive/largest , that it still seemed decent enough to do the job . Wrong . I am so devastated to find out that upon my friend excitedly trying her new present , it would n't even turn on ! She had added soft ingredients that even a cheap blender could handle , but it did n't even try . She was so upset to have to tell me that my gift to her did n't work - she tried reading the entire manual , cleaning it , plugging into several different outlets , and searching online for remedies prior to breaking down and letting me know . I 've ordered several products from amazon throughout the years , and this is by far the most disappointed I have every felt in the history of my online ordering . This is the only one star review I 've ever given . I just wish it would have happened to me and not someone I was trying to send a Christmas gift to half way across the country ! Seems like a real piece of junk . Save yourself the heartache and do NOT trust this to work !
 Gears are made of cheap plastic and will strip if anything too hard like patatos or hard cheese is ground ! I took it apart and it is toast !
 its size is nice but its cheaply made , things are breaking off mine and ive had it for a short time and dont use it often .
 This thing is a piece of junk ! We used it maybe three times and then the center hub of the plastic container just snapped off for no reason what so ever . I had rinsed it out and was wiping it dry with a paper towel when I noticed that it had broken away from the base . This is the second Cuisenart item in the past year that I have purchased and been unhappy with . . I am done with this company ; they can keep their junk .
 It only works upto one year and then simply dies . Ours stopped working in just year since we bought it last year . As if its dead . Just want to let you know this . However during the first year it works great ! .
 I recently received this as a gift & am sorely disappointed . This does not chop but very finely minces and purees vegetables . The vegetables on the bottom get pureed and the ones on top do not even get cut . What a waste of money . I 'm back to basics with my cutting board & knife .
 I got this for $ 20 at a different store and even wish I had n't spent that much . It will consistently leak liquids if filled 3/4 's full and holds almost nothing . Save the money and buy a quality product .
 When Received it , the package was badly damaged in shipping . Bought as a gift and had to buy another one because I could not give it in the state it was in . Returned the product two weeks ago . Giving a little extra time for a refund due to the holidays but will not accept any longer . They were very nice about returning the product . It 's the refund part that I 'm starting to wonder about . It would be easier just to go to a store and buy it .
 The Cuisinart Mini-Prep Plus Food Processor was returned quite a while ago . We found something which was easier for us to use .
 I purchased 1 of Cuisinart DLC-2AM Mini-Prep Plus Processor , Magenta via amazon last month.It has been a disappointment . From day one it has been almost impossible to get the cover on and off.Now today the cover seems to be permanently stuck.Please replace this cover or refund my money.If not , I will blog about this on my international business/finance blogs .
 Dead out of the box . If that is the quality control result ... surely buy something else.Ridiculous waste of time
 I bought this product in March and it never worked at all . What a big waste of money !
 Bought one of these about 3 years ago and kind of forgot about it . I got it out today after clearing out some room in my kitchen and thought I 'd give it a test run . No power to the processor at all even though it has never been used and was in great condition otherwise . Really sad I ca n't try it now but c'est la vie , outside of any return or warranty range .
 Call me a food snob , but I believe strongly in the right tool for the right job . And , sorry kids , the right tool is almost always a sharp knife and a little skill . There is no replacing that.Slicing vedgies ? Get yourself a mandoline . Chopping them instead ? 8 inch chef 's knife . Grinding cheese ? That 's what they make cheese graters for . You do n't use a food processor for mixing , mincing or grinding either . Why ? Simple . Consistency.Your hands and your skill are your most valuable kitchen tools . When you work with your hands , all of your senses are in action to help ensure you get the best quailty end product . By tossing things into a processor and hitting a button , you take away virtually all the sensory feedback that helps you perfectly prepare good food every time . And consistency is the key to quality.Are they useless ? No . I use mine for making breadcrumbs or a half dozen other applications in which the end result is a powder or puree -LRB- except , really , I prefer a blender for pureeing . The cyclonic action of a blender leads to better results , in my experience -RRB- . But to think that this will slice , chop , grate , grind , mince or mix on par with what your hands and a sharp blade will do , is simply mistaken . Will it do it fast ? Sure . Do you have to have skill to use this ? Nope . But quality is more important than convienence , and skill will always produce better results than any gadget.Also , I agree with what some other reviewers have said , this peticular model is much too small for most serious applications . It 's pretty , though . That counts for something.So , I guess , if you MUST have a food processor , this one will do the job . But please do n't over-use it .
 Trying to replace a Black & Decker Short Cut food processor that got dropped . This seemed like the closest thing to it , but upon receipt I found it seemingly lacking one of the Short Cut 's capabilities that I used frequently , namely shredding . Also the `` brushed chrome '' description is something of a euphemism . I am not currently using this product .
 I purchased this item and it worked great ... temporarily . A few months after the warranty expired so did this mini prep machine . I hardly used it so it did n't burn out on me . I never worked it too hard so there was no reason for it to quit on me . I would n't recommend this product to anyone . Also , in the same week I had another Cuisinart product die on me . The good news was that , that one was still covered under their warranty and they replaced it for me . What 's going on Cuisinart ? Your products used to be good !!!
 This Cuisinart DLC-2 does n't grind fine . For Khmer cooking purpose , I need the sliced lemongrass to be very fine . After chopping and grinding for at least 5 minutes , they were slightly coarse . The bowl does n't stay lock either , and keeps moving on each pulse . I bought it new at Bed , Bath and Beyond for $ 24 plus tax .
 We are normally fans of Cuisinart , but this Mini Prep quit working after three months of use primarily chopping onions and garlic . It worked well while it lasted . The rotor is frozen in place . A real disappointment from a company that has traditonally provided quality equipment .
 I bought this mini processor for the specific reason of making salad dressings or vinaigrettes for all my pasta dishes ; worked perfect first two times I used it ; today I used it for the 3rd time and the liquid was just spitting out from the lid seal all around the bowl and top . What is the purpose of using this item if it spills from the lid seal -LRB- trust me , I kept removing lid and checking to make sure it was attached correctly and i had indeed placed lid and locked it where it is suppose to be -RRB- ... I had to hold down the lid with pressure today just to finish up what I started and the mess it made ... OH Goodness ! Good luck with yours if you purchase one !
 I owned a large Cuisinart food processor , purchased in the late 90s . Has gotten yellow , but still works like a charm . Bought the `` baby '' version a year ago , it has fallen apart twice . First time handy hubby mended it by replacing an internal pin , the same part fell apart again . Quality has gone down the tubes , you open the thing and it is full of flimsy plastic parts .
 I recieved the Mini-Prep Plus as a birthday gift several months ago . Initially , I was quite pleased with it as it was just the right size for the small quantities of food I needed to chop up . Then it died on me ... after only about seven or eight uses . All I used it for was chopping vegetables like carrots , onions , and bell peppers . I could n't believe it . When I called Cuisinart customer service the best they could do to help me was try to sell me another one for half price . Why would I invest money in a product that has already proved to be a piece of junk ? How many times would it work before it burned out ? Do n't waste your money on this product ... look for a different brand with a better reputation and a company that will stand behind their products .
 Do n't fall for the `` brushed chrome '' nonsense . It is cheap plastic painted a slver color . I am very disappointed .
 Worked decently within the limitations I expected from a mini processor . I found this a useful tool for some tasks which normally require a blender or full sized processor.However , soon after the warrantly period expired I burned out the engine doing some very basic processing work . I was surprised how easy it is to completely ruin the product via any extended period of light usage.I recommend avoiding this processor and other Cuisinart processors made in China .
 works great but after a year and half of use -LRB- once a week -RRB- , it just stopped working . I am not happy and I 'm not going to buy similar item again , I 'll try another brand .
 I have had my cuisinart mini prep for about 2 years now . I barely used it , maybe once every month , if not less , because it was never large enough for the job . The chopping was uneven - mashed on the bottom , large chunks on top - even for things like onion and garlic . Then a few days ago I used it for a small chopping job and smoke came out of the motor . I was very disappointed . This appliance is clearly not meant to be used very much .
 At first I wrote a good review about this product , but sadly I had to delete it.The first time I used it it was fine , but the second time was not so great . It started to leak all over , from the bottom , and the top . I checked to make sure everything was in place , and it was . So this processor is not dependable , at least the one I got.I am returning it-Also , I did n't realize how small it is.It is only good for small things , such as sauces . If you want to make anything else get a bigger one .
 I had this Cuisinart DLC Miniprep first , and was not happy with it . I wanted a small food processor primarily to chop up an onion and some garlic cloves , and with the Cuisinart , I pretty much ended up doing almost all of the chopping before I put the food in the processor , otherwise large sections would n't get cut.After reading the reviews here about how the Kitchenaid has the reverse sprial action which pulls down the food , I thought I 'd try that one , and it 's true !! The Kitchenaid KFC3100 is a superior product ! Now I can just cut the onion into quarters and throw in whole garlic cloves and it cuts them all up perfectly . If your not sure which of the two products to buy , get the Kitchenaid KFC3100 !
 I use this about twice a month to grind homecooked dog food . I do n't think I 'm too rough on it - I chop the meat into small chunks and never overfill it . I frequently encounter two problems :1 -RRB- It smells like hot electrical components . I never keep it continuously running - I pulse on/off until the food is sufficiently chopped . Nonetheless , it smells like I 've overworked it . It has n't stopped working yet , but it sure smells like it will give out any day now ! 2 -RRB- Somehow , food gets up under the blade insert -LRB- I think this occurs when it shakes in the beginning like an unbalanced washing machine -RRB- , and it is nearly impossible to clean it out of the long cylindrical piece of plastic . It seems like a bad design . I soak in hot soapy water and vinegar , but I can still see that there is a coating of dried food in there.When this one breaks , I 'll shop for a different brand .
 I purchased it to grind my urad dal for idlies and for small amounts of chutneys . it didnot grind urad dal into a fine paste . also if u add some dals as seasoning for chuyneys , its a failure . so its ok for chutneys witoiut dals . finally my purpose is not fulfilled completelyonions are not chopped equally . blender is a better option
 Tried carefully pulsing and still end up with mush as well as some large uncut pieces . Would n't recommend it unless you need a musher !
 I bought this mini food processor with the intention of doing easy things , like smoothies and sauces . It is very small and the motor starts to smell like burning after about 10 seconds.It does a very poor job pureeing anything . That is with simple , easy to break down ingredients . I was very unhappy with this product and will now have to buy a new one . Do n't waste your money .
 I bought one of these and the first time I tried using it I had to push the button down so many times that it started to smell like burning electrical . It did n't chop the food either . What a waste of money and counter space . This hunk of junk is going back !
 We received this 3 years ago as a wedding gift . It never worked that great , and now it is completely broken.I registered for this appliance because it seemed like a great idea ! Who would n't want a time saver ? It has been occasionally useful for making sauces and pur&eacute;es . However , I have found that a blender or immersion blender works better and most people have one of those already . No need to double up . It 's smaller and cuter than a blender , but that 's about it.As for chopping things , I have found that in the time it takes to pull out the processor , set it up , fill and operate it , empty it , disassemble , and clean it ... I could have just chopped the item myself with a cutting board and knife . And I do not like the irregular size and consistency of veggies chopped in this machine.My main problem with this appliance is the durability . The little plastic clips on the lid are very flimsy and broke , one at a time . Now they are both broken , so that the container wants to spin around with the blade when the unit is operating . As it stands , if I want to use this appliance , I have to hold the unit together and in place . Of course the warranty is passed . I really wanted to like it and am sad it did n't work out . I expected better from Cuisinart and am disappointed with the quality of this item .
 I have had other choppers in the past , but this one only lasted TWO USES !!!! . I could n't believe that a huge chunk of plastic flew off right in the middle of creaming my small piece of cream cheese . -LRB- you ca n't put anything in till you have it all cut into small pieces -RRB- What a waste of time and money . I am hoping to get compensated or at least get a new bowl !!! I was very disappointed :-LRB- : -LRB-
 This is our second Cuisinart food processor -- both have died very young deaths . Basically , after a few simple uses , they just wo n't power on . We did n't use them for anything unusual - just simple , quick chopping of vegetables . My guess is that Cuisinart is resting on its laurels from before the millennium , and is now secretly lowering their product quality hoping people wo n't notice . However , I 've never experienced such shoddy product quality . It reminds me of buying a cheap product manufactured in Taiwan in the 1970s . Will never buy Cuisinart again .
 Cuisinart DLC-2ABC Mini Prep Plus Food Processor , Brushed ChromeThis mini-processor performed well for some things -LRB- pesto , silken tofu -RRB- , except that it is very light-weight plastic and must be firmly gripped and held down while it processes . Also , it has no overheat-thermostat switch to shut off automatically before the motor burns up . I had processed some almonds , then was batch-processing some dates that were dry and pre-cut into bits . I was pulsing as is recommended , when I felt the processor getting very warm . I shut it off and let it completely cool . When I tried to process again , the motor was dead . It was only a couple of months old and the eleventh time I used it . Obviously a disappointment .
 I bought this thinking it would be a nice little chopper for herbs , garlic or parmesan cheese . It fails miserably . The only thing it chops well is air . The blade spins nice and fast until you put anything in and then it comes to a grinding halt . The only thing I 've managed to chop with it is a few sprigs of parsley . Apparently , the motor is so weak that it can only handle the lightest task . It 's a complete waste of money and I do n't recommend it at all .
 I purchased this product and after only a few months the plastic bowls developed a long crack , causing liquids to leak out . The unit continued to operate , although it was very messy . A week ago , the top cover piece that latches and locks into place -LRB- also made of plastic -RRB- , snapped apart - making the until unusable . I contacted Cuisinart 's customer service through email . I explained that I was a loyal Cuisinart customer and asked for a replacement bowl and lid . I explained that the rest of the unit was in working order . Customer service replied telling me that I could replace the bowl for 17.00 and lid for 8.99 , plus taxes and shipping and handling ! I replied that I would not be purchasing another Cuisinart product . From now on , I 'll purchase from the lesser known companies for 1/3 to 1/2 the price . If the item only last a year , I 'm no worse off than buying from Cuisinart .
 Made pesto last evening with parsley , walnuts , two cloves of garlic , and extra virgin olive oil . Added ingredients , a small amount at a time.The machine started to smell like it was burning up and eventually quit running .
 I bought this chopper and was very satisfied at first . However , after 2 months the motor ran but the blade stopped turning . I contacted Cuisinart who would replace it , but I had to pay to ship it back along with a $ 10.00 replacement fee - even though it was still under warranty . It would in total cost the same price if I just bought a new one , which I did , but not Cuisinart . I found out through the internet that many consumers had the same problem . Very poor product .
 I bought this to replace my `` Little Oscar '' which , sadly , is no longer available . I was sure that Cuisinart would make an excellent product . I was SO wrong ! Upon opening , I was disappointed with the thin , shoddy plastic that was used to make this machine . Even the `` brushed chrome '' finish , is plastic -- no chrome there !!! Then I tried making tuna salad , the thing I make most frequently in the little machine . It was a disaster . The tuna did n't break up , the mayo did n't mix in , and I had to empty and reload it 2-3 times to get an adequate salad mix . Then I tried chopping ONE onion . I had to pick out the big chunks and empty the small chunks at least 3 times before my onion was chopped . I supposed I could return it , but packing and shipping is expensive and bothersome , and what else would I get ? This review requires me to give a star-rating . This product deserves NO STARS , but that is not an option .
 I have an all pink theme to my kitchen and happened to need a new smallo food chopper/processor so my mom got me it for my birthday . I 'm sad that it was n't worth her money spent . The first time I used it , it kept getting stuck -LRB- I was chopping a scant 1/4 C of onions -RRB- , the second time it leaked everywhere , and the third time it burnt out and stopped working -LRB- I was mixing a few berries into a 1/2 C of yogurt -RRB- . My mom took it back and I went and purchased a cheap no-name brand food processor - still works today ! I would definitely invest in a bigger food processor possibly from Cuisinart or Kitchen aid as I 've heard great things about both brands food processors that are large , but not this one again .
 This machine does not measure up to my expectations of a Cuisinart product . I expected to do the same job as a larger processor , just do it in a smaller way . It did n't work that way.It clogs up too easily no matter how small an amount you put in .
 Do not purchase this . I have had one for about six years , and the blade recently broke off while in use , broke through the plastic container , and flew across the room . As a result of luck only , no one was in its path . Customer service had no real response ; they suggested that I pay $ 20 to replace the broken parts.An examination of the broken blade shows that this is likely to be a recurring problem with this model and any other Cuisinarts using a similar blade . It is clear that this structural failure is due to a lack of reinforcement of the blades at the point of riveting . The removal of material for the placement of the rivets , the thinness of the material , and the large amount of leverage placed upon the rivets by the longer blades led to the structural failure of the part . This failure could have happened at any time , and could have caused severe injury to the user . The tempering necessary to create blades that stay sharp is the same tempering that makes it impossible to have such thin , un-reinforced parts . The blades should either be made of thicker material , or have a wider section in the area of rivet contact to avoid failure .
 Cuisinart is a name I trust but not this baby . Back it goes !!!! Horrible . I had to flip it upside down or bang it around to mix the big and small pieces . You should not have to shake it . It is guaranteed to make a fine pureed mush of anything in the bottom . I am afraid that is not good . This is a bad substitute for even a small amount of chopping . Buyer beware .
 Piece of garbage . Super annoying to reassemble after washing . Ca n't get the thing to seat onto the base easily . Seems to cut stuff to smithereens in like 2 seconds . Which makes it hard to make a decent pico using the thing.Probably deserves 2 stars but I 'm giving it 1 to balance out all the overly positive reviews .
 Received this product on October 16 . It is now November 29 . This thing does not work . I have charged it all day , I am not using plastic corks , it worked for maybe 8 wine bottles . As you push the down button , it stops half way and still does not lift the cork . This is the worst product I have ever purchased !!!! I did not even want to give this a star !!!
 Tried this opener over a one week period on 5 bottles of wine that all had natural corks . The Oster went O for 5 so it 's now being returned .
 This bottle opener does n't open the bottles in one shot . I have to try two times . On the third i have to use the portable one . wish i can return it .
 We have tried this on three wine bottles and will not use it again . It goes into the cork and then when you try to pull the cork out , it just does n't work . Worse then that , you ca n't push the cork in ; nor can use a regular wine opener ; basically just throw those bottles out.I will go back to `` the rabbit '' or the old fashioned type . This is my first totally negative ad . Save your money !
 Save your money and your counter space . This is one of the few things I have ever paid for that is TRULY * worthless * JUNK !!
 I 've had it for about 6 months and it 's now does n't completely remove the cork on some bottles . I would n't buy this again .
 Can not recommend , it did n't even work 30 days and opened only 10 bottles . It now starts to open a bottle an stalls/stops after 2 seconds without success .
 This opener appears to be powerful enough . But it has failed consistently to fully retrieve a cork . Usually half way is max.If there is a technique in using this , then it 's on me . But I 'm sure convenience , central placement over the cork , and a down press on the switch was the intent of design , not some tricky secret . It 's a returnable item.I think defective would be the best way to describe it .
 I bought this item with high hopes based on the positive reviews . When it works it is great but there is a problem . It says it does 30 bottles on a single charge but not so . I charge it all night and it does about one bottle -LRB- maybe -RRB- and then the battery goes dead . Right now it is stuck with a cork on it and the battery is so dead I can not get the cork off . I had to use a knife to cut the cork off to even put it on the charger . I should have returned it right away , since it has done this from the start . Maybe I got a ` lemon ' , I do n't know , but I am not a happy camper at this point . Right now to use it I have to charge it every time and maybe if I am lucky get one bttole out of it .
 This thing has plastic gears that began to wear out almost immediately . At six months it was in the trash . Basically it only opened wine bottles , which had relatively loose corks . Otherwise you could hear the gears gnashing their little plastic teeth to death . Oster should be ashamed of themselves for sullying their name with such a piece of crap .
 Now I know why this is so inexpensive . You have to pull the whole unit and bottle apart once the cork is electrically twisted in there . I wanted the cork to be pulled out but I guess that was wishful thinking . Sad that this unit takes a up a precious electrical outlet that simply saves me afew seconds of twisting . I guess I will have to pay more for a bottle opener that you do n't have to put between your legs and pull the heck out of the top . I think it 's a neat toy and so far works well and would give an extra half star just be fair because I was naive to what this was supposed to do
 While the Oster works as well as similar products -LRB- electric Rabbit & others -RRB- and is far cheaper , all of them suffer from the same defect , namely , as soon as a cork or even a small chunk of cork breaks & gets lodged inside the unit , it will no longer work . The Oster has the advantage over the Rabbit , in that it can be dismantled & cleaned . I got an extra month of use out of it that way . However , after taking it apart & cleaning , I was never able to get the outer shell to properly snap back into place & had a big open gap on the side from then on . When it clogged up again , this time with small cork debris , almost a powder , I decided I 'd had enough & tossed it . While the concept is great & initial enjoyment substantial , the fact that none of the units currently on the market can easily be opened for cleaning is a major draw back . One can only hope that the next generation of this product will rectify the problem .
 I purchased three of the wine openers for Christmas . One by one they have all stopped working ! Would recommend not purchasing this particular wine opener . My son threw his out , mine is not functioning at all -LRB- would love to return it if it is n't too late and my daughters has also stopping working . -RRB- What a complete waste of money !
 I bought one and it worked great for about three months , then died . My second one
 Title pretty much says it all . Had a party in Nov , showed guests my new wine bottle opener . Several went to Amazon and bought wine openers for Christmas gifts . Mine stopped totally working 2 months later . I am having trouble getting help from Amazon ... . mine is defective but did n't keep paper work , so SOL ... maybe with a lot of time and effort I could get this replaced ... butfor a $ 20 item , I probably wo n't frustrate myself.Sure hope my friends had better luck !
 We bought this opener in light of the many glowing reviews and the claim it would open any type of cork . Could n't wait to try it ! What a disappointment - tried it twice on synthetic corks and the auger would n't even penetrate the cork .
 This opener was said to be great for arthritis sufferers . I have moderate pain in my hands and searched for the easiest of openers , which this claimed to be . Forget it ! I tried 6 different bottles , and each time , the opener skewed to the side , no matter how careful I was , shredded the cork and came out empty . If the shipping had n't cost half of the product 's price , I 'd have sent it back . Now I 'm sampling screwtop wines .
 Product not for serious wine drinkers does not fit all bottles I have had broken bottles on a couple of occasions . Now the battery wo n't hold a charge after 5 months . Buy a real corkscrew not a kitchen gadget that waste counter space .
 I followed the instructions , many times , but still ca n't get the cork pulled out of the wine bottle.The Oster wine opener cork-screw goes in just fine . However , instead of pulling out the cork , the cork-screw just reverses direction and comes out of the cork . I 'm 75 and bought this after reading a review on how great it was for older folks with arthritis . Well , maybe I have a `` lemon '' but I certainly would love someone from Oster tell me is I 'm doing something wrong.Thank you for the opportunity to bring this to someone 's attention
 This product worked well for me for three months , and then it failed consistently . The failure is that it drills into the cork and then stops . I do not recommend this product .
 Worked well for 2 bottles . On third bottle , motor whined to a grinding halt , overwhelmed by a plastic cork in a new bottle . Good concept , good design , but horrible implementation with construction worthy only of a toy . Save your money , get something worthwhile . Either that , or keep the receipt and box until you 've opened a dozen bottles .
 On several occasions , when I have needed the opener , it has been discharged with the light on the top of it having been out . Usually , wiggling it will get it to charge again , but this has n't been useful when I needed to open a bottle right at that time . Last night , when I again needed to open a bottle , it had completely failed , and no matter what I tried , I could n't get it to charge again and have the light on top come on . It is now relegated to the garbage . Maybe I was just unlucky and got a lemon .
 I bought this product because the large volume of Amazon ratings were positive . I was surprised when I used the opener for the first time at how LOUD it is , which seems awkward when opening at a dinner table . I was also surprised at how tightly I needed to hold the wine bottle - so much so that I often feel I am going to crack the bottleneck . The corkscrew often shreds corks , and this is n't because of our storage , as we store all our wines sideways to keep the corks moist . With newer , wax-based corks , this opener often has difficulty , leading us to use a manual screw . The form is nice , the look is lovely , but the product is not as wonderful as I expected based on the feedback here .
 I used this product one time and the button broke and it wo n't operate at all . My neighbor bought one and has enjoyed it , but mine was n't made very well . I do n't recommend purchasing this product .
 Oster wine openers are a piece of crap . Went through 2 of them . Each one lasted about 18 months . They strip out on synthetic corks . Do n't waste your money . Go go for the Waring that is more durable . But keep i mind that one needs to be charged all the time or it goes to crap . Would someone make a good automatic cork screw please ?? Stay away from the Oster . I mean , come on , what do you expect for $ 18.00 ? Be smart .
 The only thing this opener managed to do was to shred the cork and remove it half way after four attempts .
 We had used one of these on vacation and loved it . Bought one when we got home and after 6 months it started making very loud clicking noises as soon as it hit the cork . Now it wo n't even pull the cork out . Any suggestions on recycling as it is useless to us now and seems quite a waste .
 Bought two of these for Christmas , one to use and one to give as a gift later in the year . Began using right after Christmas . It was fantastic , worked just as advertised and shown in the video . In February it stopped working . It acts like the retracting mechanism broke . I began trying to get warrenty service from Oster . No luck.In the meantime I began using the second one . It was fantastic until it broke two weeks later . Same problem . Now I have two broken openers . I guess I will go back to a cork screw , primative but effective.I guess this post brought good karma . Got an email today notifying me that a replacement was being shipped . Will report how this one goes .
 This does not work for me at all . Either I am buying the wrong kind of wine bottles or this product is ineffective . It pulls the cork out about half way and then I have to use a different method to remove it the rest of the way . The only good feature I have found about it is the foil cutter . It works very well . I wish the Opener worked half as well .
 It was a great opener when the battery was strong ... 20 + corks per charge . Now after 2 years the battery is pretty useless and will only cork 1-2 bottles per charge . A 2 year product is not enough .
 I bought this product and it worked for a while . However , it lasted less than a year . It stopped charging . You 'd be better off getting a manual opener . At least you know that will last .
 I purchased item about a month ago and was successful in removing 3 wine bottle corks -LRB- synthetic and not -RRB- before it stopped working . I 'm surprised other reviewers did n't have the same problem . I would not recommend .
 This was ok in theory , but I do n't like that the cork is hard to remove from the machine . Not impressed . Would n't recommend it .
 Save your money . This product does not work well and is a little difficult to use . In the end , i had to use a regular wine bottle opener .
 I bought 2 of these wine openers for family and neither worked !! I 'm upset I spent $ 40 on 2 items that are useless wish I could get a refund .
 Wish I had returned the item within the time frame . It is useless , does not work and wish I had never bought them , gave one as a gift and that one does not open the wine either . Will never purchase an Oster product again .
 This product sounds like a drill when you use it . I would never use it in front of guests , and I fear it would wake our children if we used it after hours .
 you forgot to include my name and the recipient did not know who sent the item ... please send my money back or send a letter of apology to the recipient
 I bought this electric cork remover as a gift for my husband . He loves it . My son came to visit and thought it was great . So I ordered another for him . Cork removal has never been this easy before . Our wine bottles had synthetic corks and it did the job quickly and easier . Thank you Oster and Amazon . Shirley Dillon
 This is a campy , cheesy excuse of an item that does n't work . It usually ruins the cork , so you ca n't restop your bottle . No serious wine drinker would use this contraption . Do n't waste your money , and your respect .
 What a cool looking opener . The problem is that once you get the cork screw into the wine bottle , you have to manually pull the cork out . I thought that the device pulled the cork out for you . I could n't pull the cork out , had to resort to the manual opener in the drawer . I am sending it back . I wish it were totally automated .
 After contacting manufacture sent me a new one and had same problem . Not enough power to work . . Consumer Report recommended as the best electric wine opener after there vigorous testing the wine gave it rave reviews . Not the first time C.R. gave a excellent review on pure junk .
 No insult intended to this particular brand ... but my household received about three electric wine openers this Christmas , and I have to take it as a sign of the apocolypse . It 's a fr@!#in' cork , people ! Any adult human uninpaired by carpal tunnel , syndactaly or random thumb amputation should be able to unscrew it from the bottle . For the sake of the future of the human race , listen to the voice of reason , and resign yourself to manual removal .
 My husband bought this item for me without my permission . One of the simple pleasures I look forward to in life is opening a bottle of wine with an old fashioned corkscrew . Well , not anymore . My husband loves to buy anything with a plug even if it is not necessary and this product is a perfect example of that . This is sort of like if you need to read a book should you buy a laptop and download the book and read it piece by piece , plugging in the computer as you go or should you you just go ahead and READ THE BOOK BY ITSELF ? The answer is simple , my friend . Do not graduate to this type of party . Just stick to the old fashioned corkscrew it is not that hard depending upon how many bottles of wine you plan to drink every night .
 My husband and I have both tried the Oster 4207 Electric Wine Opener and it does n't work . No matter how hard you press down or how soft , it does n't open the bottle . We end up getting a hand cork screw opener . We have put it at the back of the cabinet and that 's where it will probably sit until we get rid of it .
 The product is super easy to use but after 8 mons the plastic up down button broke , so having to buy a new one . I 'll try a different brand . I had an oyster before this one that also broke .
 Bought in July of 2011 . Just like the other reviewer 's , product goes into cork and starts to pull then just stops . Worked great for almost a year , now it goes in the trash can .
 It only brings up the cork half way . I am not happy with it . I still have to pull the cork out with something else .
 The opener worked on normal cork on a bottle of good beer . The cork was already half way out of the bottle , so I think it made it a lot easier , but when I used it on a synthetic cork on a bottle of wine all the way in the neck of the bottle , it woudl n't go in straight . After I got the synthetic cork out , I found it pushed to the side . The cork was n't even on the screw . It had pushed the screw aside and ripped one of the wires out . The screw is not very sturdy or secure . I 'm going to go back to a traditonal man-powered win opener . Good ole ' steel is better than whaterever connects the screw to the motor in this thing .
 Do not buy
 I realized we got an Ozeri wine opener , not an Oster . Apologize for the error . As for the Ozeri wine opener , the rest of this review stands
 These Oster Electric Wine bottle openers are garbage . I bought several for Christmas gifts and the one I kept for myself stop working after the third bottle I opened .
 Awful . It was broken when I got it !!!! Charged it for 3 days but did not work . Called customer service and did not know the product at all ! I thought maybe it will work if the opener was on the bottle . Agent said '' oh yes , opener will only work if on bottle '' . Boy , she lied !!! It still did not work . So threw it in the garbage !! Did not want to spend another dime trying to return it . Ugh . Never again will I buy anything from this company . And will warn my friends and family .
 Extremely disappointed in this product . It is only made for small bottles of wine . Will not open the larger bottles .
 You need muscles to use this right . You must hold the bottle with one hand SECURELY while holding the opener with the other hand and forget about getting the cork out if you ca n't hold everything straight up and down .
 The only good thing about this bottle opener is that I received a full refund once it was returned . It should have come with a warning stating how badly your cork would get torn up while trying to use the opener . Thought it was just me , so I let several people try my new opener . Everyone else had the same problem . Save your time and money .
 does n't open / remove the cork . I want my money refunded . It only worked the first timethe worst opener ever
 Maybe I got a defective one considering I only bought this becaues of the great reviews , but mine has turned out to be nothing but junk . It worked maybe 4-5 times on newer corks -LRB- inexpensive wine -RRB- and although it had some entertainment value using it , I could do the same job in less time with a traditional double hinged waiters corkscrew . Even while it worked though , it would not pull out softer corks from more aged wines , it just crumbled them and tore them up . I ended up going back with my trusty waiters corkscrew to finally get those open.I saw that many people reviewed this item and said it works fine at first , but quits in a few months . Well , they were luckier than me because mine only made it a couple of weeks before it quit working . Then when I pressed the button down the screw went about 1/4 &#34; into the cork and stopped like the battery was dead . I put it on the charger for three days after that to make sure it was fully charged and tried again ... it did the same thing . I have now tried it twice more over the last week , but it still stops after it hits cork . Since the original packaging went out with all the the other Christmas wrapping and boxes , I ca n't even send it back now for a refund . -LRB- My mistake ! -RRB- So I spent $ 20 to open 5 bottles of wine over two weeks , - and now I just have a paperweight with a red light on top !! Save your money .
 I LOVE the looks of this item , and I was honored to have it on my counter ... UNTIL it broke . And , I have been through two of them that broke in fairly short time . Sadly , another chapter in the `` all show and little go '' novella . I had bought an extra thinking it was a great , moderately priced gift for another food and wine lover -- but the first one ceased functioning so quickly that I had to use the backup `` gift '' extra just for my own use . In rather quick time it stopped working and actually broke a chunk out of the glass neck of a bottle of wine making it risky to even drink it . Ever mindful of not wanting to waste wine , I carefully decanted what was left through cheesecloth into another bottle , but the experience was ruined worrying about little glass shards . Beautiful , yes-on a caliber of looking as if it should be in the Museum of Modern Art . Reliable ? ABSOLUTELY NOT . Keep a backup to really work for you if I get it . A huge disappointment .
 I was drawn to all the reviews , however buyer beware . The motor burnt out in literally 45 days.The quality is truly disappointing .
 We loved this wine opener for the first few months , using it primarily on California wine 3-4 years old , but found that when we opened bottles of wine with more fragile cork types -LRB- French or Italian wines more than 5 years old -RRB- , it would break the cork in half , causing part of the broken cork up into the device which made it inoperable . With some work , I was able to get the broken pieces out most of the time , but recently had one so badly jammed up in the device I had to take it apart . Unfortunately it would n't go back together .
 This is a horrible product . Received the item , charged it and it did n't work correctly . The wine opener will take the cork out , just ca n't get the cork out of the opener then ... I really liked the red color but I suppose it 's just too cheap to work correctly !
 I found this product wanting for several reasons . Firstly , I was disappointed at how slow it was . Much slower than a simple corkscrew . But It worked ok for several months after I purchased it until a cork broke off when I reversed the motor to eject the cork jamming the mechanism making it unusable . I could see the housing was held together with small phillips screws , so I thought it would be a simple matter to open the housing and remove the broken off cork . This turned out to be much harder than expected as the two halves of he housing were held together with 8 screws as well as with clips within the housing which made opening it quite difficult . I removed the cork within and then tried to reassemble the housing which also proved difficult . Then when tried it the motor would n't turn in one direction , the direction which pulled a cork from a bottle.When I contacted Oster so I could return the product so they could see the problems and perhaps correct the design , I was told they do n't accept products returned . They gave me name of a service center 60 miles away ; when I discussed the problem with them I was told that he could n't repair this type of product and opined that '' . . they make them cheap and difficult if not impossible to repair.So I 've concluded that this product is rather silly since it 's so slow , and disgusted that one ca n't remove broken corks within easily . I 'd stick to a simple corkscrew or one of the lever activated -LRB- Rabbit -RRB- which are pretty foolproof .
 The batttery did n't provide the torque necessary to open a difficult cork . Now will the unit remove the new plastic style corks . The cork screw bent and actually broke off . I switched back to a human powered wine opener and have n't had a problem since !
 This product works well for the first 4 weeks , then , nothing . It no longer pulled the cork out of the bottle . What can I say about a product that has NO warranty and stops working after 4 weeks . Do n't be a sucker . By a manual product such as a rabbit , show some effort and move on .
 MY ORIGINAL 5 STAR REVIEWOnly one reluctant cork -LRB- which yielded to a manual opener only with mucho force -RRB- out of the the first 25 or so proved too much of a challenge.Having used many different types and styles , this is by far the best ... although you do need space for the device.UPDATE : Over the last 18 months or so , I have gone thru 2 of these . They have a fatal flaw ... corks that break apart while opening . If any fragments get up in the barrel , it 's all over . I disassembled one , removed the cork piece , then gingerly put it back together -LRB- more than a bit of a challenge -RRB- . It worked again until the next shattered cork . After getting this cork piece out and reassembling , I screw would only go one way . Well , it works so well when it worked , I decided to try another . A few months later , same problem & it was unfix able.After a few weeks straining with the manual opener , I found an electric opener whose design avoids the broken cork issue ... Ozeri Nouveaux . A little more expensive but well worth it . You can read my positive review over there .
 This gizmo simply did n't work for us , and we did n't give up on it easily.It almost never did anything more than halfway extract corks before it would first jam up ... and then the motor would stop working . The only time it successfully extracted a soft cork , the cork immediately jammed up inside the gizmo when we tried to eject it ... and the motor stopped working.We returned to the Amazon reviews for either empathy or advice , and found both :1 . Keep the gizmo and the neck of the bottle perfectly aligned in a straight line .2 . Hold the gizmo in one hand and the bottle in the other .3 . Extract the cork without twisting or tilting either bottle or gizmo.Didn ' t work . Even if the gizmo actually managed to extract a cork , inevitably the cork would get jammed up inside the gizmo 's neck , and have to be twisted out with a pair of needle nose pliers.Sigh ... YMMV .
 Thought this baby was the best thing since sliced bread but it did n't even last a full 30 days and for $ 20.00 it 's not even worth the effort to pack it up to return it . I will look for another brand .
 I purchased this item after seeing a very favorable comment in Wine Spectator . Definately a neat toy but after less than 10 months of occasional use the switch broke . Sunbeam will not service the unit directly and requires you to go to a service center -LRB- in my case half a state away - Sunbeam should offer to pay for shipping -RRB- . Considering the cost of the product not worth it to repair and not willing to replace given the poor reliability
 ... after 6 months , the opener twist and never after worked as usual . It damaged the corks , we had to stop using this . We received a second wine bottle opener as a gift , and after few months it was the same history !
 I was looking forward to this purchase for quite a while . When I received the item and opened it , it was very easy to set-up , -LRB- no assembly required -RRB- and just needed to be charged . After about an hour of charging I opened my first bottle of wine with it . I was having a party and needed a second bottle opened right away and attempted to however an hour of charging was apparently not enough . It happened to run out of juice halfway through opening and I had to twist out the wine opener . After charging it for another 30 minutes , I tried to use it again on the half-exposed cork . It decided to chip the top of the wine bottle and tear the cork apart . -LRB- The cork was removed though -RRB- Later in the night , after letting it charge for a while longer , I decided to give it another shot . Halfway through the next cork however , the wine opener broke and the piece that goes in to cork stayed in the cork . I used it exactly as intended and was not drunk at any point . It was a good idea , I just hope that maybe the next model they come out with has stronger materials holding it together rather than plastic that is easily breakable .
 I bought one from a local retailer for about $ 15.00 which I just could n't believe as Oster is known to be a pretty decent brand . I did n't even charge it & just took it out of the box & opened 2 bottles -- one with a rubber cork , & one with a regular cork and loved it . So , just a week later when I was out buying wine for a wine tasting I was hosting , I saw it marked as a Christmas special for $ 10.00 so I snatched it right up for a gift . Later , I took my opener out of the charger base & proceeded to open the bottles , & it would not pull the rubber cork out without a true fight on my part . I was baffled because the first 2 times I had used it , it was n't even fully charged & it was fine . Since I had multiple bottles to open , I tried another bottle with a regular cork & got the same exact results . So then I thought maybe I just got a defective one , so I tried the one I bought for a gift & got the same results no matter the cork -- it was a good thing that I was having a wine tasting because I got to see true results & gave up using it . Used my rabbit ear type opener that I got at BBB for $ 10 back 7 years ago & honestly , it does the job a whole heck of lot easier with no fighting & no breakage of cork ! Needless to say , I returned both openers back to their respective stores . Seriously , this is the worst Oster product I have ever come across and now has me wondering if it 's possible that Oster has just gone down hill !
 After 6 months of working well , it does n't have enough power to open any wine bottles , despite prolonged charging in the cradle .
 This product was a big disappointment . It broke after about the third use . Wish I could have returned it before the return window expired !
 Does not fully remove corks . I have used it over a dozen times and , at best , it lifts the cork about 1/2 way out of the bottle , where it can be removed by hand the rest of the way . Most of the time it only moves the cork about 1/8 to 1/4 inch and I needed to use an old fashioned method . I would not recommend purchase .
 Got this product becuase It look neat , but is broken only after a month and we only used it a few times !
 It opened about 5 bottles . Now it stops half way into the cork . Back to mechanical corkscrews . I do n't recommend this at all .
 I used my friends wine opener and loves it so I bought one for myself . Unfortunately the experience has NOT been the same . Whenever I use mine the cork only comes out half way . Then I am stuck trying to get it out the rest of the way . Difficult .
 Purchased two of these , one for myself and one for a gift . Both did not work correctly . Pushing the button to twist the corkscrew into the cork appeard to work , then when pushing the button to remove the cork , it did not remove the cork , only raised it a little . Had to re-do the corkscrew , 3-4 more times and then had to physically pull the cork out of the bottle by hand when it raised enough . Same problem with the one given as a gift . Tried it several times , and different people doing it , in case it was operator error . Functionality not good for the price . I can not use it , and would return it , but do not still have the paperwork .
 Do not buy this wine opener . It works for a while and then the opener part will not take a charge , I have had 2 of these and the same thing . Both were gifts . I would never by this brand ever . Very badly made . Plus it will not open a plastic cork , so you still need another wine opener , Do not waste your money.If I could have I would have given it no stars !!
 Does n't extract the cork very far , the button is fragile -LRB- held on by rubber band now -RRB- and even after modifying it to pull an extra quarter inch , the girl still is n't comfortable using it.The one at Costco looked better for the same price .
 I was n't going to rate this product because I was so unhappy with it , but decided others needed to know that it did not last but six bottles of wine . Worked fine at first and then the whole thing broke . Not happy and would not buy this product again .
 I previously owned an Oster wine-bottle opener -- had it for about 4 years and opened hundreds of bottles . When it quit , I had no hesitation about ordering another Oster product . The new one worked fine on about 7-8 bottles , then quit . It will drive the screw into the cork , but does n't have enough power to pull the cork -LRB- opener is kept in charger at all times -RRB- . Reallly disappointed in the product , but it was cheap !
 As others bad reviews said here -LRB- click in the `` one star '' reviews -RRB- , you have a 50/50 chance to get a model that actually works . Loved the looks , got hooked by the reviews , but , i do n't know if the 2009 line came faulty or what , but mine lasted litterally 3 bottles . Do n't waste your money .
 I bouoght this device a couple of years ago . It worked fine for a few weeks until an internal electrical failure sent it to the trash .
 I would strongly advise AGAINST this product !!! I bought this wine opener for my husband for Christmas 2008 . Once the bottle opener was charged , it was easy to use and very handy ... until two days after Christmas when the blue charging indicator light suddenly went away !! The opener has NOT WORKED since . I would have tried to return the product , but my husband threw out all the packaging and return label with a pile of wrapping paper . I read all of the reviews before I purchased this wine bottle opener , so I knew that there was a 50/50 chance it would not live up to my expectations . Oh , well . I took a gamble and am out the $ 30 . At least my husband knows it was the thought that counts not the bad gift .
 I bought two of these , one for myself and the other for my parents . Both of them worked well initially then died after about a month . Even though they were fully charged , they did n't have sufficient energy to open even one bottle , and we had to resort to opening the old fashioned way . Waste of money .
 I bought this along with the wine cooler.I loved the gadget immediately . It workedlike a charm . However , at just under thethree month mark , it ceased to function.I heard the screw whir , but it no longerremoved the cork . The charger no longerworked , either . Sadly , save your money !
 The electric wine bottle openerOster FPSTBW8207-S Electric Wine-Bottle Opener , Silveris a really nice product , but it has a fatal flaw.When a cork breaks into two or more pieces , some of the cork remains stuck inside the body of the device with the screw . Only after about a half hour to an hour of work with any available narrow but long tongs -LRB- hard to find ; most people wo n't have such a tool -RRB- and a narrow sharp knife can the pieces of cork be broken up and removed . The space around the screw is very restrictive ; it 's a big struggle to work in that space . And corks seemed to break more often with this machine than when extracted by hand with a waiter 's corkscrew.After the first machine got stuck for the third time and I threw the device away , my complaint to the seller was kindly met with an apology and a new unit!When that got stuck for the first time , I gave up and threw that one out and resorted to my manual corkscrews.They need to make a way for the barrel to be opened along its vertical axis for removal of pieces of cork . Then I would be happy to own one again .
 Mine broke in a month . The electric contact at the bottom fell off so it wo n't recharge . I called them , they said send it in for repair . I 'm thinking about it . It cost $ 20 , sending it in will cost $ 10 .
 I bought this product after reading the glowing reviews and in fact gave 4 as Christmas gifts . After a 24-hour charge , the opener failed to enter the cork after successfully removing the 1st 4 bottle corks . I then set it on recharge for another 6 hours and it still did not have sufficient power to remove the next cork . I plan to return the product and ask for a refund . This opener is a dismal disappointment to me , and I am embarrassed that I burdened my friends with this weakly powered opener . Bob E
 After reading all the reviews , I was eager to own one of these.It did n't work at all with synthetic corks . And even failed with some real corks ! 8 bottels of wine . It has failed on 6 synthetic and 1 real cork.I guess you just ca n't beat the `` Waiter 's '' cork screw .
 This product is good , but MAKE SURE its fully charged each time you use it !! The last time my fiance used it , it ran out of juice before getting the cork out.So he tugged and pulled and when he finally got it out , the bottle openersmashed him in the mouth and broke his tooth . We have n't touched it since .
 It 's not a bad purchase , but for an electric opener , is n't faster than the rabbit . If you like options , okay , but if you need to get to your wine quickly ... invest in the rabbit .
 We first ordered this product last January . It operated quite well until a couple of months ago , July as I recall , when it failed completely . That , I think , is a very poor track record , 6 or 7 months ! Being rather handy with tools , I tried to locate the wiring problem and tracked it down to the circuit board . I could go no further with my quest.Having a wife with minimal hand strength we decided to replace it . I hoped I could find a source for just the bad unit , not the charger or base , but failed.The only reason we reordered was my wife 's desire for independence . Except for that , I think this is a poor product given its life expectancy .
 We had one of these for a while , and it worked . Then one day , the internal mechanism that drives the corkscrewdisintegrated , and , while the motor still worked , the corkscrew no longer did . So it was permanently dead . I giveit two star because it worked for a while and take the rest away because of cheap internal construction .
 Yes , it 's not a joke . It works only for 1 minute . When I unpacked it , I try to use it . It worked . Then I try to charge it and put it on stand . And nothin happened . I think a red light should appear . But there is no light and tool still is not working for now.I 'm completely unsatisfied with the quality of this product and will not recommend it to everyone . Also I 'm not from US and I ca n't return this defect tool back.I do n't know how to attach photoes , so just a link to photo proof -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I received it as a Christmas gift and have had it for about 6 weeks and opened exactly 2 out of 20 + bottles correctly . Most of the time it stops before the screw gets all the way into the cork . sometimes it breaks the cork . I have had to revert to the hand type openers most of the time . I keep it in the charger so that can not be the problem.Oster FPSTBW8207-S Electric Wine Bottle Opener , SilverWhat a hassle . It is now back in the box under the bar sink until I can figure out how to return it .
 I love this ! It just sits on the counter , ready to go , and is the easiest corkscrew I have ever used . Comes with a great foil cutter , and cork pulling could n't be easier . Press a button and it 's out , press again and the cork is released . You have to have a good grip on the bottle when pulling the cork , but definitely does not need any great strength to handle . I would recommend this item to anyone!This thing worked great for about a year . Then it started getting the cork stuck on it , especially the plastic corks . I had a heck of a time getting the stuck cork out of the gadget . After this happened several times , I stopped using it and went back to a manual corkscrew . Too bad , it was nice while it lasted .
 I mistakenly believed the other reviews that this was a good product for the cost . It barely is capable of opening a bottle of wine , it does not have enough power even after charging it for days . I used it twice before throwing it away . It 's a total piece of junk !!
 This battery-operated cork puller is a whiz for fast , effortless cork pulling , but only with natural corks . Multiple attempts with plastic `` corks '' did n't work . The screw would not penetrate the dense , platic material .
 The product was delivered quickly and was well packaged , to be fair . I plugged it in for charging and , after a full day , it still could n't completely remove a cork from a wine bottle -LRB- it made about three revolutions before dying -RRB- . I plugged it in again for another day and still had no luck with trying to open the wine bottle . I contacted Amazon and they immediately issued a refund and sent me a label for returning the item . I purchased the opener , in part , based on the brand name . Based on the disappointing experience with this particular opener , I was n't inclined to get a replacement and opted for the refund .
 I thought this product looked super cool AND I drink a lot of wine so it seemed perfect . However , there are several issues . First , the product only works on actual `` cork '' , not plastic `` corks '' which are actually more common these days . Second , even if you have a real cork , it takes several tries to get the cork out of the bottle . Certainly not as quick and easy as advertised . A waste of $ 25 .
 This does not work . The screw goes through the cork and into the bottle and does not pull the cork out of the bottle . I have had several people try it and they have had the same result . Stick to a good manual rabbit cork screw opener .
 I was so excited about this product in the beginning . After two weeks it suddenly stopped working . Do n't recommend it .
 Loved it for the first two months , used it frequently . Even in its dormant state it was a great conversation starter . Then it stopped working ; it would screw all the way down into the cork and then halt . I let the battery drain , charged it fully and tried again . Same problem . I tossed it because for $ 20 I was not willing to navigate customer service , package the item , stand in line at USPS and ship it back . So I cut my losses . Total waste of money unless you 're looking for a not particularly attractive countertop sculpture .
 Took a chance on this and I am not pleased . This looks okay from a distance , but up close , it has a cheap , plastic , light feel . After the first full charge , it removed a couple of corks okay . Then , even when fully charged , it did not have the power to pull a cork even halfway out . I would stay away from this product . It failed after the return window so now I 'm stuck with it . Buying a new lever-action corkscrew now and will be done with this .
 This is a review of my SECOND Oster Electric Wine Bottle Opener . I ordered it when the first one died after about 6 months . After leaving this one charging overnight , I attampted to use it . It never seemed as if had enough charge . The motor sounds very labored and slow . It never occurred to me that the item would be lousy , and I threw out the box and packaging as soon as I connected it . That was a mistake . Otherwise I would have returned it . So , I have ordered a more durable -LRB- albeit more expensive -RRB- model from another company and it works fine . If you absolutely MUST buy this one , at least save the box because you will definitely end up returning it .
 When you look at product description , it will not tell you what the owner 's manual will
 This thing is worthless !! Whoever wrote the reviews , that I based my purchase on , are clearly mistaken about the product . It will not stay charged no matter how long , days , weeks , on the charger ! Rediculous waste of my money and worthless reviews and information !!! DO NOT BUY THIS !!!!!
 This product worked fine for about 12 to 18 months -- now it no longer holds charge and we must add it to the landfills . I think it is designed to croak in a short time frame so you can replace it -LRB- since it is inexpensive -RRB- Not what you call environmentally friendly . Would not buy another one because of its short life .
 This opener would not successfully open a bottle with a synthetic stopper -LRB- plastic ? -RRB- , a trend in affordable wine that seems to be increasing . The instructions state that another type opener should be used . Also , the red light on top unnecessarily draws attention to the opener on the countertop .
 We got this opener about a month ago . It worked great . It is intuitive and easy to use . And it looks great.But , tonight I tried to open a bottle and the cork broke off 1/2 way in the opener . No amount of ` unscrewing ' and prying the broken cork would get it out . So , the next step was to ` disassemble ' the unit . That worked . But , I found the unit impossible to put together again . Ultimately , the motor would retract but not extract the cork screw . grrrrrIt would have been great if there was a little door next to the cork screw that could be unit to assist in removing broken corks.I guess this explains why restaurants do n't use ` gadgets ' like this.Now the unit is in the trash .
 This worked great at first , but after 4 months it 's stopped working . Now it just chews up the cork , splits it in half , and wo n't extract . Turns out the cork screw is loose inside the unit , but after taking it apart , we realized it 's not possible to fix . I would not recommend this item .
 I purchased this from another source before it was offered on Amazon . While the concept is good , the execution leaves much to be desired . The first problem is that the opener is not powerful enough to reliably remove plastic corks , which are becoming more and more prevalent . Problem two is that the battery/charger combination is obviously old technology with the attendant long charge times and short charge life . Third is that this appliance takes up and inordinant amount of counter real estate given its limited purpose.Try the Screwpull S1115-31 Pocket Corkscrew manual tool . It works as advertised on all corks .
 I have only used this unit a couple of times and on both occasions it only pulled the cork out half way even trying twice ; I had to go back to my mechanical one to get it the rest of the way out . I volunteer at wine tasting events on occasion and thougth it might be a show-off tool but I think not in this case . The metal cutter works great and will be in my pocket for sure .
 DO NOT BUY OSTER PRODUCTS . THEY ALWAYS BREAK DOWN ONCE THE WARRANTY ENDS !!!! Disappointment after disappointment after disappointment . I have tried many of their products and soon after the warranty ended , they all end up in the same place ... in the garbage can !
 I really had high hopes for the Oster . We open a bottle of wine a day - sometimes more if we 're having friends over . As a wine reviewer , I have numerous wine corkscrews and devices in my home to do this with . I have always searched for something easy and quick.This is a tall device - maybe a foot long - that you need to keep charged up . When you are ready to use it , you lower that cylinder over the wine cork and push a button . It draws the cork up and out of the bottle , fully removing it from the cork . Then you push the opposite button for the cork to eject from the device.It works well enough for a few runs - but then it quickly loses its traction . I have had this for a year now and keep hoping that it will start working again . It does n't . The worm will go maybe halfway into a cork and then jam . It will stop turning . It works better with natural cork , and pretty much not at all for anything else.Also , because the worm goes all the way through the cork , it drills a hole straight through . First , this causes cork bits to eject out into the wine . Second , it means if you are planning on recorking the wine and storing it for later drinking , the wine will leak out unless you store it end-up . If you have dry or crumbling corks you 're going to be in trouble . The usual two-prong remover is always going to work better in those solutions.I could see if you only drank `` real cork '' wine and only used this once a week or so that it might last you a while . If you were writing a review after a month of once-a-week usage you might think it was great . Unfortunately , if you are a more avid wine drinker , there are just too many situations where the device fails , and the worm wears down very quickly.Plus , the fact that you have to leave this plugged in all the time makes it an energy leach . In a world where we are all trying to cut down on the power we draw from the electrical system , and keep our cell phones and such unplugged when we can , to leave a corkscrew plugged in all the time seems very wasteful.I definitely recommend a Rabbit instead . It works VERY easily , draws the cork out in one easy pull , and requires no electricity at all .
 We love the wine opener but it always leaves cork residue in the wine bottle . It is because the cork screw goes completely through the cork and then pieces of the cork fall into the wine . It needs a re-design so that the cork screw stops just short of the end of the cork.Looking for a new one .
 Worked great for 2 weeks . Plastic corks got stuck and would not eject . Item ended up burning out after 3 weeks and needed to be discarded . Would not recommend at all .
 I bought this as a less-expensive , more high-tech alternative to pricey rabbit-style corkscrews . Unfortunately , the product takes longer to fully extract and release each cork than I would have thought , especially compared to a rabbit . It worked fine for the first two years , though , opening just two to four bottles a month . A couple of weeks ago , without warning , it started making a heavy ratcheting sound -- even though I was exerting no more pressure than normal and was pulling a conventional cork -LRB- not one of those fool plastic things -RRB- . This evening , the ratcheting led to a full-blown `` crack ! '' -- and that was all she wrote . Would appreciate any suggestions on a replacement .
 Ugh . Loved it at first and then now , it is does n't work . It wo n't complete the process to get the cork out . Had to get a hand corker to replace what I thought would be a great product . Oh well . Maybe someone will make a better product .
 Received this as a christmas present . It worked great for the first few months but now 4 months later it does n't hold a charge well and is ineffective . The motor slows down and wo n't retrieve the cork .
 This corkscrew worked fine for 3 months , then it stopped . It 's only $ 12 , but it 's not worth that.Save your money .
 This might work as advertised on `` cork '' corks . They do tell you that it may not work on `` plastic '' corks.It does n't at all . Today most bottles of wine $ 10 - $ 15 seem to have the non-cork cork . So unless you drink 1st tier wine it is useless . If you can afford 1st tier , let the butler open the bottles .
 We had the same result . After a month and less than a dozen openings we heard a load crack and the plastic base of the corkscrew snapped with no repair . They should use metal ! Divide that by the cost results in a dollar per open before a throwaway .
 This was my second Oster wine opener and my third electric one in less then a year , The first one lasted three month and this one stopped working on the second bottle . A friend of mine bought the same and his stopped working after the first bottle.Save your money .
 I have had this a few months and have only used it about 4 times.It will not charge , or work in any manner . Going to see what canbe done about replacing it . I liked it ... while it worked . I havefriends who own these and have not had problems so hope I just got a `` lemon '' . Checked , it is outside the `` return date '' . Very disappointed . If I buy anotherit might be local and not from Amazon ... so I can return local if it breaks ...
 Broke first time I used it . Maybe I did n't know what I was doing . the button flew off . that was that.Penguin Brushed Stainless EZ Pull Wine Opener - Easiest Wine Opener EverI am so much happier with this . Very Very easy ! And does n't have to be recharged .
 This product only lasted a couple of months after I received it for Christmas . We have the model 4208 . I was n't very impressed with it when it did work , and at some point it stopped removing corks and started making sad whirring sounds -LRB- yes , I did recharge it -RRB- .
 I 've had this product for a year now and I have n't used it much because it 's so frustrating to use . I always have to repeat the process because the cork does not come out the first time . You need lessons on the proper way to use it I guess . It 's not worth the money ! You 're better off with the good ` ol cork screw !! It 's more reliable !
 It only opened 2 bottles of wine , tried to return but said needed box ... yeah after christmas.junk , junk , junk ! Dislike all these required words .
 Disappointment # 1
 All of these seem to use really low quality rechargeable batteries ... We got 1.5 years of service from this one before it died . . even on a `` full '' charge it can barely remove a single cork now .
 Does not pull the cork out . Only comes half way out of the bottle . Very disappointing ! Would not recommend . Stick with lever wine openers .
 I bought one as a gift and after reading reviews and video , I decided to get one myself . I tried it out before wrapping for my friend - it was horrible , did n't work and a real waste so I did n't gift it and will return both
 Before buying this product , I read many reviews about it , and they were almost all 5 stars , so I decided to buy it . Finally I get it !!! I decided to use it that day and it worked perfect . The next day my husband used it and did n't work anymore , just 2 days ... This is the second Bottle Opener from Oster that I bought and happened the same thing . I definitely I do n't recommend it .
 When we first received the Oster Wine Opener 4207 , we used it weekly or more often and it worked well . But after about one year , the battery would not recharge . And the battery is not replaceable.I would not recommend this product based on it 's battery life .
 we bought another electric wine opener a year ago at costco , but found it had trouble with some corks and seemed to struggle at times ... well , it finally broke down and opened its last bottle a few weeks ago . based on good reviews decided to try this product . We like electric openers for the convenience , and we 're lazy ... especially after the first bottle ... anyway , so far -LRB- only have had a few weeks -RRB- so good . item seems well constructed -LRB- better than the last one we had -RRB- , has more power than the last opener we had , and have had no trouble with any corks so far . to date very happy with this opener and would recommend.UPDATE : have had this opener for only 4-5 months , and a few days ago it refused to open any more bottles . worked fine initially , but can no longer recommend a product that died so soon.we 'll be sticking with manual openers from now onif you only open a few bottles a month , this product might work for you . if you 're a regular wine drinker i 'd spend your money elsewhere
 I would n't recommend at all . The battery looses its ability to charge , we only used ours about 10 times . What a disappointment!Trashed it !
 we enjoyed this wine bottle opener while it lasted . it made opening corked bottles super easy . unfortunately just about a year later , it wo n't charge and wo n't effectively open wine bottles anymore . it 's pretty much useless . the nearest service center is an hour away , and the shipping both ways would probably exceed what we paid for this . I 'd like to ask the people who gave great reviews for this product how long they 've had it , as durability seems to be a common issue with this wine opener .
 I did not purchase this item from Amazon , however I used the item for about a month maybe 4 times a week . After a month it did not work and I threw it out . Went back to my old kitchenaid screw with handles to remove cork . Great idea but like a lot of things in this world not substanial enough
 Did not work . Would remove cork only half way and then crumble it . Oster has agreed to replace it free .
 This product stopped reversing , after only two weeks of light use and therefore made it impossible to use ... VERY disappointing!I expected more from Oster .
 When I first gt this I was realy impressed . Worked great everytime with never a split cork . About the third time I went to charge it the casing melted near the top ! Now I am afraid to plug it in lest it cause a fire or something . I am going back to the rabbit type . Do n't buy this product !
 I purchased this almost 1 year ago and I loved it when we first got it . Worked like a charm and a very nice conversation piece too ! Glad I waited to review this because it 's already died and will no longer hold a charge ! Thank goodness I did n't pay a lot for it ! But I feel like I still through away $ 20 !!! I would not recommend unless you want to purchase a new one every few months !
 Once the teflon on the built-in corkscrew wears out , it shreds corks . Apparently there is no way to replace the teflon-coated corkscrew . Oster provides no instructions or any means to replace this part . On manual wine openers , this part is replaceable . On the Oster it is not . I guess the only option is to toss it away , eat the cost and return to your manual cork puller . It was great while it lasted , which is n't long if you drink wine every night as I do .
 I 've bought two of these - both died after a few months of reasonable use -LRB- estimate 10 - 12 uses for each one -RRB- . As far as ease and speed of use , I think the Oster is a big improvement over waiter and twist corkscrews but not any better overall than a good rabbit-style manual opener . If you already have a good rabbit-style manual opener , I do n't think you 're going to benefit much from buying one of these unless you like having electric devices cluttering your kitchen countertop -LRB- or wet bar -RRB- .
 I have purchased this item twice . It has broken twice . The first time I bought it at Walmart and they gave me a refund . I re-ordered through Amazon and not 60 days after purchase , the second one broke . I have not bothered to return or request a refund because I do n't want to hassle with the shipping , packaging , etc. . However , I have returned to the manual openers and will not try this item again . I loved the way it worked , when it worked , but it has a very short life . Recommend that you save your money .
 I enjoyed this wine opener while it lasted . Despite constant charge and really taking good care of it , after 12 months of use it decided to expire on me and there is nothing I can do to make it work . I am going back to manual wine openers .
 Worked great the first two times but never a third . I guess third time was not a charm . I could hear the motor running but the screw would not move at all . Would not recommend this product .
 This product did not work to well after a few uses opening up some wine bottles . The metal screw became lose and it seems like the plastic covering is breaking off each time I try to position it over the cork to turn this product on . Not really worth the money considering it will probably break the next few times I use it .
 Very diappointed . Worked great the first time and progressively got worse until it broke on the third bottle of wine !
 I purchased an Oster Wine Opener about a year ago . Everything was fine until a cork broke apart inside the workings and I could not remove it . It would not work afterwards , and I could not remove the broken pieces . I removed the screws and took out the broken cork , but without any help or diagram of course there was a risk I could not reassemble it just right springs , etc. with no obvious mounting points -RRB- . It 's history now . I 'll try another brand .
 After about a year of limited use and not a lot of charging the battery totally stopped taking a charge . FAIL !
 After using a similar wine opener at a relative 's home , I thought that this would be the solution for my difficulty -LRB- old , weak hands -RRB- with most wine openers . I was greatly disappointed when , after only a few successful uses , the contact , normally used to recharge the battery , pulled loose , putting it in the way of the opening for a bottle . I was further disappointed when I could find nothing about a guarantee on the box or on papers shipped with the opener . The wine opener was so new that all that stuff was still at hand .
 Like other reviewers have mentioned ... worked great at first - I would have given 5 stars in the first few weeks , but now it 's useless - wo n't pull cork out of the bottle . Unfortunately I read the negative reviews , and thenthe comments suggesting the reviewer just did n't know how to use it , and so I ordered one . It was so easy for me to use -LRB- arthritis makes other openers difficult for me -RRB- , so I bought another as a gift . Now a few weeks later , the first one has quit working ... so back to my search for an easy to use wine opener.Update - The second Oster opener that we gave as a gift has now quit working as well - less than 2 months ofuse . I 'm back to order another Screwpull opener - it 's manual , but very easy to use , much better than the Oster !! Screwpull Pocket Model Corkscrew , Black
 The corkscrew can not be properly aligned to stay true to the center . So , as it goes down , the corkscrew grinds into the bottle undoubtedly creating fine glass chips . After repeated attempts , the cork comes out looking like Swiss cheese with the wine probably containing a spray of fine glass particles.As stated above , do not buy this device .
 i thought the product did not perform as i thought it would.hard to pull cork out of bottle.going to ask for my money back.Floyd gig harbor
 When I tried to use this product it did not work . I amnot pleased at all .
 I had high hopes for this product and it worked well for about a week . It then froze up and would not move . Luckily I got it at Costco so I returned it and not another only to find the same result . Just did n't have a solid feel from the beginning and did n't last long . I would rather pay twice as much for a quality one . I was surprised as Oster normally makes quality stuff .
 This is a very sleek looking wine opener , but not so easy to use . We finally returned the opener .
 Worked perfectly for the first dozen bottles or so , then the cork screw broke out of the unit renedereing it useless . Disappointing .
 Worked great for about a month and then it broke . The screw pull just broke off . It must be defective .
 We purchased several of these and they work great when you first get them but the rechargeable battery poops out and wo n't recharge . Would not recommend .
 Did not remove any type of wine cork . A corkscrew does a much better and faster job . Totally not work the money .
 The Oster Wine Opener is simply a piece of junk . It could not pull the top off a baby bottlelet alone remove a cork from a wine bottle . It simply does not work . I bought the device formy wife who as she ages is having more and more difficulty removing the newer synthetic corksfrom wine bottles . THIS WAS GOING TO BE THE SOLUTION ... NOT it just does not do what itis intended to do .
 Great opener . Saves wear and tear . Great value compared to mechanical openers that do n't last.This is an update to my previous review . After a few months of use -LRB- about 9 -RRB- the battery apparently died . When I took the unit apart , I found the battery is not easily replaceable and is a special design ! So basically , the unit is a throw away when the battery dies . Incredibly poor design . Will NEVER buy another Oster product .
 This product worked beautifully for a month . Now it will insert the corkscrew into the cork but it does not have enough power to pull it back up . Very disappointing !
 The first time I washed the workbowl and cover in the dishwasher , something warped and the two pieces became very difficult to close together and practically impossible to separate when forced closed.Cuisinart required that the workbowl and cover be returned to them before they would be replaced . It took over 6 weeks and many phone calls -LRB- mostly unsuccessful in actually talking to a rep -RRB- and emails -LRB- usually , but not always , promptly replied to -RRB- before I received a `` replacement '' unit , which turned out to be my original bowl and cover returned in the same condition in which I sent it.I complained via email and was instructed to return the unit again and told that it would be replaced with a new one . When I requested that they just send a new one out and not make me return the old one again , I was refused . No return , no replacement.Another 4 weeks , phone calls and emails later I received the new unit ; the top and the bottom did n't fit together.I bought a Kitchenaid food processor . I will never buy a Cuisinart product again and I suggest that you do n't either .
 I purchased this food processor a year ago despite reading the warnings about the customer service problems Cuisinart has . I thought , `` What is the likelihood I will need customer service ? `` Oh , my stupid pride.I used the machine three times before it broke , and before it broke , all was golden and good in the world of my kitchen -LRB- which is the reason for the two stars -- really , as a product , it deserves 4-5 -RRB- . The food processor `` broke '' when I washed the bowl in the dishwasher -LRB- following all directions , and on the top shelf , not touching anything else -RRB- . When the wash cycle was finished , the space that allows the bowl to lock into place had melted a little . It was just enough to prevent the bowl from locking in place and , because of the safety features , the machine would not turn on.I called Cuisinart four times -- never getting through to a human but instead waiting on hold for upwards of 20 minutes . I 'm a single mom to three kids and so it took me about 6 weeks to finally get through to someone -LRB- with all the busy-ness of my life , I often do not think `` I will have time to sit on the phone for 30 minutes while we figure this out '' -RRB- . The entire time this went on , I remembered the reviews on here , and I thought , `` This is what you signed up for . '' Ugh.Finally , I get a hold of a customer service rep. She is nice , helpful and polite , and I am mollified for a bit , thinking `` this will finally get taken care of . '' She says she will send out a new bowl , and I will need to send back the old one , and I am thrilled that they are n't going to make me send my bowl back first . The new bowl , she says , will come in about two weeks.And so I wait . I wait and wait . At this point , it is November , closing in on December , and so I call . And it is impossible to get through to a human . I email , but I am sent back generic emails saying , `` Your problem is too complicated to handle over email -- please call a customer service representative . '' All of the holiday phone calls make it impossible to deal with the issue during the holidays , so I give up , and let the food processor sit on the counter , becoming some kind of artistic statement to bad customer service.Finally , today , I call back and get a human on the phone . Apparently , my bowl was ordered , but it is `` on back order . '' `` Since November , '' I ask ? `` Yes , '' the new woman says . `` Did n't she tell you ? `` When I explained that she did n't , and that I 've been waiting MONTHS for this one piece of equipment , she says , `` Well , let me see if I can find the part in another warehouse . '' 45 seconds later she says , `` Okay , I found it another warehouse . It will be shipped in 7-10 days . `` It 's not like Cuisinart is dealing with , I dunno , tax code or something . It 's a freakin ' kitchen appliance company . Which is , apparently , undone by trying to keep track of customer orders AND inventory at the same time.Run . Run fast . Do n't buy it . For the love of all that is holy , do n't buy it . Your sanity will thank me later .
 Thought for years , I was missing something by not having a Cuisinart ! What a laugh . In the few months I have had this unit , two pusher assemblies have cracked and broken . I did read the manual from cover to cover and watched the video prior to using . This is an obvious design defect . Guess I was lucky , in that first replacement was made without a hassle or having to return anything . Now they want the broken item returned , which is an inconvenience and a delay . I was without my replacement last time , at least six weeks . I plan to return this item and purchase a different brand .
 When looking for my first food processor I wanted quality . Cuisinart was a name that spoke quality . I guess that is done now . After two years it broke . The motor poured black smoke into my kitchen . Reading the reviews above seem to be saying the same thing . I have sent emails to the company , but after reading the reviews I do not expect to hear from them . I am buying a Kitchenaid .
 There 's a lot to like about this , there 's some things that annoy - the safety interlocks , for one . But there 's one thing that 's really turned me off.The most challenging thing I 've used this food processor for is to make chocolate frosting . This means a bag of chocolate chips being chopped as they melt.The power interlock on the base - I 'm assuming this is the one that turns the thing off if it overheats - has failed . The system wo n't work , I 've played around with a multimeter and I ca n't figure out a way to fix it . So a $ 200 unit 's broken because a 20-cent chip has blown . Of course , this is out-of-warranty -LRB- not to mention , 15 # shipping to get it repaired -RRB- . Meantime , my mother 's original Cuisinart , circa 1980 , is still working.Now here 's the rub - you use a food processor maybe 10-20 seconds at a time . Over that one year 's time , it 's probably had a total of ten minutes on the motor . A one-year warranty on the base is totally meaningless.That comes out to about $ 20 a minute to use this thing .
 As the owner of Cuisinart food processor for more than 20 years , when it came time to upgrade it was a no-brainer ... another Cuisinart . I had received excellent customer service in the past when a part developed cracks.Now , under new ownership , it 's a whole new story . I had my new model for less than a month when it developed numerous cracks in the pusher assembly . I called customer service -LRB- by the way , the number in the manual was not a working number -RRB- and I was told they would send me a new part only after I sent them the defective one , and there would be a delay of about two weeks , not counting shipping -LRB- plan on another two weeks -RRB- . This was their unbendable rule . I told them this was not acceptable , that I did not want to be without the use of the equipment for a month , especially with the holidays coming up . Sorry , that 's the rule , is what I was told.Then I wrote to the President of Conair -LRB- the parent company -RRB- and the VP/GM of the Cuisinart division , and asked them to contact me for assistance in resolving this issue . A month has passed as I write this , and I have not heard from either of them.I took the equipment back to the store where I purchased it , and exchanged it for a KitchenAid food processor , which was less expensive , and works beautifully . I did my research this time , and they have a reputation for excellent customer service should I need it.The Cuisinarts are good , solid appliances , but if you ever need customer service , it 's an uphill battle . If you decide to buy a Cuisinart , be sure to buy at a store that will stand behind the products they sell .
 Times have changed and so has the parent company that sells and services your food processor . The quality of materials and workmanship have gone downhill too!My experience with the corporate machine was horrible . Days of long waits to talk to a customer service rep. . . never paid off . Each time I called I was eventually forwarded to a recorded message that explained that they were too busy and that I needed to leave my name and phone number . I never did get a call-back . Finally , after several attempts , I was able to get past the initial phone queue and actually talked to a live person who took the information about the condition of all the clear plastic parts on the processor . They were all severely cracked and were not far from flying apart . It seems they knew of the problem and offered to replace the parts on warranty . All I had to do was give them a credit card number to charge the shipping to . AND , nothing would happen UNTIL I sent the old pieces back ... again at MY expense.I sent the parts back promptly , but they did n't ship for another two weeks . And , here is the highlight of the episode ... The lid they sent was the wrong one . Another round of phone calls yielded a person that said that Cuisinart had not processed the replacement yet ... a full two weeks after they were notified . I still have not received the lid and the processor is useless without it.BEWARE ! This company tries to sell their products in the top-end of the price range , but their corporate customer service system is as bad as it gets ... at any price . You can do yourself a favor and shop for another brand . I 'm looking at KitchenAid . Shucks , it ca n't be any worse ... and MAY be a much better experience over the long run .
 This product was great in the beginning . However , over 2 years it has fallen apart . The plastic parts have come apart . I am forced to reassemble each time and hold it `` just so ' for it to work . Replacing the plastic lid ... well over $ 100 . Also , the button covers have eroded . I 'm trying Kitchen Aid next time . P.S. All pieces were hand washed ; never in a dishwasher .
 As many people have already said , we can not recommendthis product for the purpose of kneading dough.When we used it for kneading dough -LRB- we werefollowing the recipe in the Cuisinart instruction bookand hence used the right amount of dough -RRB- , it startedto produce strong burning/electrical smell fromthe motor section and the smell did not disappearfor 10 min or so ... Therefore , we sent it back to the customer serviceand asked them for a full refund . Actually , this wasthe SECOND time that we sent back their food processorfor the same reason . What was even worse , the waythe service representatives treat customers is reallydisgusting . ... We just wanted anyone interested in Cuisinart productsto know our bad experience with the customer service ...
 I recently bought this unit to replace a trusty Cuisinart food processor that I used and loved for 30 years . Sadly , I discarded the old unit -LRB- the Lexan bowl had cracked -RRB- before fully testing the new unit . The first item I prepared was a small brioche dough . The unit leaked badly under the blade , and that part of the bowl was extremely difficult to clean . The next item I tried to prepare was a cold soup . I filled it to just under the marked fill line and water gushed out of the top when the liquid started to spin . I have just spoken with Cuisinart customer service . Both of these problems are normal with the unit . The maximum liquid that one can process is two cups ! My small brioche dough was also too large . and it is normal for some dough to leak out under the blade . Needless to say , my old Cuisinart processor did not have either of these problems . This unit is fine for grating or slicing vegetables , or cheese , but not much else . Such a disappointment !
 I bought this cuisenart food processor two years ago since I have liked cuisenart products in the past . Though it looks nice I do n't particularly like how you have to click the bowl and the stopper into place - they have gotten stuck and it takes more fumbeling than necessary . The bowl had a small crack within weeks -LRB- just from normal usage -RRB- but it still worked . I make a lot of breads and was excited about the dough feature but the motor clearly struggles - the machine moves around and gets very hot . After a kitchen contractor managed to start a kitchen fire -LRB- do n't ask -RRB- which melted down the bowl , lid and stopper I looked to replace them . Not only was customer service less than helpful , they were unreasonable expensive and not even in stock . Imagine not getting replacements on a two year old widely used appliance and no help from customer service . ?!? I ended up buying a kitchenaid foodprocessor which was not only slightly cheaper but has a stronger motor and a better rating in consumer reports plus great customer service . It makes dough without any effort and the setup is simpler and seems sturdier . I would n't switch back even if I got a free cuisenart .
 After reading the review about customer service problems -LRB- and from other ratings sources -RRB- , I decided to go with the Kitchenaid Professional 11 c. food processor . After all , no matter how good a product is , if the company does not provide good customer service , then it is not worth the money .
 I am not at all happy with the square and rectangular lids , these lids become damaged in the corners . The others are excellent , the smallest one portion , and the round container .
 I spent a fortune on these , loving the idea of being able to freeze then heat in the same container . That worked for a while , but with normal use EVERY top is damaged in the corners and will not fit on the containers . Definitely not the Tupperware standard ! I would not purchase again .
 I love the see through , it is durable , has n't stained , everything expect the lids are great . My husband and I have to put them upside down and bang on them in order for them to close on all sides . I know that if I was older they would just have to be given away . I asked the tupperware consultant about this last year and she said that it takes awhile for them to loosen up . Well it has ben 1-1/2 years later and no loosening !
 I bought this 2 months ago and finally had a chance to use it this weekend . It claims to be stainless steel , but after one usage the spatula is starting to rust . What a waste of $ , now I ca n't even return it .
 I purchased several of the modular mates in 2009 . I have tried everything to get the plastic smell out of them . They continue to leach the smell into any food that is stored in them . Tupperware 's return policy is very limited and they will not return products after 30 days . I would highly not recommend these tupperware products for any type of food storage .
 I will never by a cuisinart product again ! My toaster broke after 6 months -LRB- the rear heating element went out -RRB- and Cuisinart insists on ME paying to ship the broken toaster to them AND to ship it back . Seems that they do n't want to take responsibility for their own poor craftsmanship !
 I bought the Cuisinart CPT-65 last night and I 'm taking it back today . It was on sale for $ 69 . I was looking at the Oster for $ 19 or the Kitchenaid for $ 49 . Thought I would just splurge because it was nice looking and could toast 4 slices , etc. . I got out a loaf of bread and starting toasting . Very uneven and would burn one edge ... so I thought I would try to see what was causing my Philips to toast only on one side . I cleaned so I could try to open ; could n't open ; but tested and it started working again . I read the one review from Connecticut on the Oster Inspire 6243 ... I 'm going to get it just to see for myself if that is true !
 The tops are very dark and the bottoms are not even warm ! We have to flip the bread and toast a second time . And , it takes a very long time to toast .
 Well , if you would like to read the paper and have a cup of coffee while your bread is toasting this is the toaster for you . Seriously , it takes a lonnnggg time to toast anything .
 We have had this toaster about 2 years and in the last 6 months we ca n't get the control button to stay down all the time . We have to press on it about 6 times before it sticks . The other problem is once you use it about 3 times in a row the control button does n't want to go down at all . We have to wait several minutes for it to cool down before we can use it again , by that time our breakfast is cold .
 This toaster did n't work very well out of the box , and the only good news is it did n't last more than a couple of months before breaking , so we did n't have to put up with its lousy performance for very long . If this toaster is any indication , Cuisinart has thrown in the towel and begun selling junk .
 We were very excited to receive this as a gift . FINALLY , we thought , we 'd own a GOOD toaster - not the typical , unreliable piece of crap . After about a year it 's performance became spotty and unreliable . We 've owned it for 4 years now and have been ready for a new toaster for most of that time . My sister received the same toaster as a gift the same year we did , and I 'm told hers hit the trash over a year ago . I would have expected better than this from Cuisinart , especially for the price .
 I bought this toaster about a year and a half ago and the darn thing just stopped heating in the middle element . So now I have to toast it twice to get it done ! Not worth the money ! I 'll never spend that again for a toaster !
 I would not recommend purchasing this product and from Amazon.com as well . I purchased this toaster 11/4/04 and it was defective . I called the company about the warranty and they said is was an old model -LRB- 2000 -RRB- and that the warranty expired.I was deceived and inconvenienced . I have returned for a refund.I had to rate 1 star because that is what is expected . MY RATING WOULD BE 0 .
 We got this toaster because it 's so slim and takes of very little counter space . We 've been happy with it , but after only a year it 's struggling to work . The electronics are flakey and makes it very tedious to get your toast toasted . I am pretty disappointed after spending more money for what appeared to be a great toaster .
 your friend will think highly of you , with this high tech looking , imposing brick on your counter . Unfortunately , it will make you nostalgic for your 1956 toastmaster.The toastmaster had a memory , set the control between light and dark , and it would remain . Not so on the cussing-art . Resets itself to 4 . Several buttons that do little more than add or subtract cooking time for defrost , bagel , one-slice , warm etc. . You could do that yourself , in fact you must -LRB- the manual says that it is inconsistent between one and two slice , so if toasting one slice also lower the shade control , thus the one slice button must do nothing more than look pretty.My peeve with toaters is that they burn sesame seeds on one side in order to brown the cut side . I bought this because I thought that the bagel setting meant that it toasts more on the inside than on the outside . Nope . It just toasts longer , thinking that a bagel is fatter than bread , thus assuring a burnt outside on sesame seed ones . -LRB- assumes a 3 oz bagel , you 've got to reset for typical 6oz ones , in case you do n't live in New York . -RRB- What does this mean ? There is no temp . sensor to see when the bagel is done , just a timer . So why spend more than -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- for a toaster when this device does less!For me this device is toast.regards
 This is a great toaster for those who can not make up their minds . Do you want toast or warm bread ? With this toaster you can have both ! After toasting , one side was beautifully browned while the other side remained untoasted . When inspecting the heating coils , the coils on the outside heated up faster and hotter than the coils in the middle section . We kept this toaster less than a week and returned it for a full refund . This is my second Cuisinart toaster and I will never purchase another one again !
 We were very excited to receive this as a gift . FINALLY , we thought , we 'd own a GOOD toaster - not the typical , unreliable piece of crap . After about a year it 's performance became spotty and unreliable . We 've owned it for 4 years now and have been ready for a new toaster for most of that time . My sister received the same toaster as a gift the same year we did , and I 'm told hers hit the trash over a year ago . I would have expected better than this from Cuisinart , especially for the price .
 I liked the looks of this toaster and mistakenly believed that higher price would certainly translate to higher quality . I actually prefer my $ 9.99 toaster . The slots are not deep enough so the tops of the bread are not toasted . If one side is brown , the other is burned black . Now I am saddled with this albatross -- I ca n't justify throwing it away -LRB- which I would like to do -RRB- and I ca n't even give it away -LRB- no one in my family wants it . -RRB- My advice
 After about six months our toaster started to emit an electrical smell which was later followed by electrical smoke . The toaster soon ended up in the garbage which is where my money went . No more Cuisinart for me .
 I usually only buy high end appliances , so take me seriously when I say if you buy this , you are only buying it for looks . Truly , when I use the display for light/darkness or bagel setting , I can not tell the difference between this and a less expensive toaster . If you are going to invest in a high end toaster , I 'd advise looking elsewhere . I actually am about to buy the Cuisinart toaster oven ... which has gotten great reviews by people and Consumer reports . If you do decide to go ahead with this one , shop around . I got the exact same four slice electronic model at ...
 I read all the reviews here before buying , and all I can say is there must be lots of toaster inconsistencies out there in America . This is my second Cuisinart . I had previously bought the 4 slice stainless model . One of the heating elements broke after 2 years , and after some research I purchased this model . I totally agree with the negative coments listed on this site . Our toast is toasted on one side , barely toasted on the other . Sometimes it burns on level 2 , other times you need to push it down several times on level 5 to get it lightly brown . When the kids and husband are complaining about it , you know there is a problem ! I only wish I had kept the box to return it , but now it 's too late . The only consolation is that in reading reviews of other brands , there seems to be the same types on inconsistent product quality among them as well !
 My husband and I have had this toaster for 3 years . We purchased it as a wedding gift to ourselves ; it was the one thing we did n't get that we really needed . I liked the look and the 4-slice and bagel options . Also , it has the added bonus of the lever 's ability to rise just a little higher for those smaller slices of bread . Unfortunately , I wish I would have followed my first instinct and returned this toaster the first week we had it . It toasts unevenly ! I was disappointed from the first use . I have to admit , I do n't dwell on the fact that this toaster is not perfect , I just toast again if it 's too light , start over if it 's too dark . Basically , I just wish this thing would toast evenly ! The rear slot burns things and the front undertoasts . I have to compliment the machine for lasting three years , though ; just because I do n't LOVE it we will have it for another ten , I 'm sure . Bottom line , when it breaks down , we will not buy another one of this type .
 My husband and I have had this toaster for 3 years . We purchased it as a wedding gift to ourselves ; it was the one thing we did n't get that we really needed . I liked the look and the 4-slice and bagel options . Also , it has the added bonus of the lever 's ability to rise just a little higher for those smaller slices of bread . Unfortunately , I wish I would have followed my first instinct and returned this toaster the first week we had it . It toasts unevenly ! I was disappointed from the first use . I have to admit , I do n't dwell on the fact that this toaster is not perfect , I just toast again if it 's too light , start over if it 's too dark . Basically , I just wish this thing would toast evenly ! The rear slot burns things and the front undertoasts . I have to compliment the machine for lasting three years , though ; just because I do n't LOVE it we will have it for another ten , I 'm sure . Bottom line , when it breaks down , we will not buy another one of this type .
 After a year of use it now only toasts on one side , seems like for -LRB- the money -RRB- one could expect better reliability ????
 Before this I have only owned very cheap toasters , and every one of them was much better than this toaster . We have never gotten an evenly toasted piece of toast out of this machine . The tops are usually burned , and the bottoms are completely untoasted . Save your money , buy another brand !
 For the price I expected a better , more even browning . I found it to be no more even than a relatively cheap -LRB- about $ 40 -RRB- 4-slice toaster it replaced . One side -LRB- the interior -RRB- of each of the two compartments had weaker heating than the other making one side of the toast much lighter than the other . The two-slice option is nice and the electronic darker/lighter control is convenient .
 When you first plug in this toaster , an LED display , front bottom center , indicating your `` darkness preference '' glows red whether or not you have pressed the lever for toasting . The instruction booklet offers no information about this light . I called Cuisinart 's 800 number and eventually received word that Yes , that 's normal , and Yes , they get loads of calls about that light , since consumers are in fact in the dark regarding whether it should be on at all times . Evidently Cuisinart forgot to write about it in their booklet . So your toaster will have a little red light on - even when in `` Park , '' with the ignition off - just like your car 's alarm system.The toast seemed fine , and the capacity is good . There is a much-touted electronic function -LRB- `` Custom Control '' -RRB- that enables the toaster to `` remember '' how you like your toast . If you think about it , most toasters of the past forty or so years have had this simple ability , albeit mechanically . The toaster is big enough , the spring-loaded lever is too resistant to feel right , and - inscrutably - the rear plastic feet of this toaster wear sensible non-skid rubber shoes , while the front feet are unshod , causing the toaster to not quite stay put each time you depress that hefty lever.This big and comparatively expensive toaster hopes to convey an impression of high quality and tech-y smartness , but does n't quite succeed . And the glowing red light just seems silly , because a toaster does n't need to look like it has a security system .
 I bought this toaster to replace my toaster oven after reviewing the subject in Consumer Reports , so I thought I knew what I was getting . Having read the box , I thought the bagel setting would brown the bagel on just one side . What this toaster does is brown it extra long on two sides , so I got dried out burnt bagels . They claim larger pieces of bread , bagels and muffins contain more moisture so need a longer cooking time to brown , compared to standard bread . I find my Lender 's Big and Crusty bagels do just fine as regular toast , no need for the bagel setting , and no way to just toast the inside.They also claim to have `` Always Even Shade Control '' . This does not mean your toast is homogeniously brown , it is n't , just that time after time it will toast the same way . I thought there was something wrong with my toaster , because ... mine has coils that heat up red and hot on the outside , and inconsistently and overall about half as much internally . I could understand if my toast was consistently more done on one side with that coil arrangement , but I tend to see the outer facing sides slightly more brown , and the inner facing sides brown on top and pale on the bottom . To say this toaster has `` Always Even Shade Control '' is misleading at best.I 'm stuck with this toaster for a few reasons
 Not much different than the good ol normal toaster that cost less . I do like the high `` techness '' to it but now if I could just figure it out - It was a Christmas gift and still a good toaster , extra long space to do 2 slices but still for the price I would like it to butter my toast too . : -RRB-
 Very uneven color throughout . Only accommodates smaller slices of bread , althought thickness of slice is not an issue . Also , for what you get , it 's pretty expensive . I returned mine .
 I ordered this thinking it would have some larger items . The picture was deceptive ... . I have 4 pieces I will never use because they are TINY !! If you need small pieces of tupperware this is great - if not - this is not for you .
 This product was a huge disappointment . I bought it in Sept. 08 for my husbands birthday . It never worked correctly . The temperature was off by 10 degrees or so average . We contacted Amazon for a return but it was over the 30 days return window . They told us the product was warrantied and advised us to call The Weather Channel , they in turn referred us to Lacrosse who manufactured this piece of junk . We called them , there was an automated message . We left our number several days ago and no return call . I bought this product based on reviews and after making many purchases on this site this is the first negative review I 've had to write . Keep shopping , this is n't a good product .
 The product came to me apparently defective . LaCrosse Technology asked that you call or email with your problems for tech support which I did prior to returning the weather station . The LED read-out showed all ' 8 's . I received no response to my email nor did I get a call-back from LaCrosse . They guarentee that they return all calls - I think not . It never happened . I am getting a replacement because I do want the product but we 'll see if a replacement works .
 My wife received this `` weather station '' as a gift from her employer . It does n't work . The temperature is off by at least 8 degrees and the clock wo n't set itself as advertised . I 'm about to e-mail LaCrosse , but based on previous reviews , and the fact that LaCrosse would market this junk , I do n't expect any satisfaction . Avoid this product !
 I purchased the Tupperware can opener about 11/2 years ago . At first I loved it . After about 6 months it started to not work on all my cans . I kept trying and was continually frustrated . I contacted my Tupperware dealer and she gladly replaced it . After about a month it started doing the same thing . I heard somewhere that it does not work on a certain brand of cans . I do use a lot of this brand but if it will not work on all my cans I need something different . I just contacted Tupperware directly and they told me they could not do anything for me because it was over 1 year since I purchased it . I do n't feel they have very good customer service . The opener is rather pricey . I purchased something similar from the grocery store for 1/3 the Tupperware price and have not had any problems as of yet . Very disappointed with Tupperware on this one .
 They seal well and I can close them -LRB- some force -RRB- , however opening them is nearly impossible . We have all tried and have come to the decision that this must be a design flaw . The small lip is painful on your fingers . They really should have put a little finger lip that you could get your finger under or a slightly larger lip . Right now the lip just is painful.I have purchased some Rubbermaid serving savers which are much nicer to open and close .
 It looks nice , but thats pretty much where it ends . To my disappointment you can not see the Rain Gauge unless you push buttons in a certain sequence , and that sequence is impossible to remember . The button labels make no sense , the instructions are complicated and you need them every time you want to see another function . The are 2 `` Mode '' and it depends what Mode you are in as to what the buttons do , but there is no indication of what mode you are even in . I paid $ 90 for this POS in the store , Not worth even Ten . Battery life is so-so and I 've yet to figure out where I can read the Indoor temperature if it even exists . Do n't buy . I think you would be better off buying each instrument seperate instead of this all-in-one . Do n't buy it !
 Worked nice for couple or three months . Then stopped to feel the outdoor sensor . New set of batteries helped just for several days , and finally outdoor temp became totally unavailable . Then it started to drain indoor batteries so that even indoor temp became a problem . Keep off this crap !
 Had a Radio Shack outdoor/indoor set for several years -LRB- 10 -RRB- then it finally gave out , and couldnt be replaced . The outdoor unit used 1 9V battery , which would last 2 or 3 years , even in NY cold weather . This `` Weather Channel '' outdoor unit uses two AAA which dont stand up to the cold . After less than 3 months this unit simply died . Wont even work IN the house ! Stay away from this Chinese-made garbage !
 I had this unit 18 months before it stopped working . I tried changing the batteries , -LRB- installed in xmter first -RRB- waited 15-20 minutes before putting batteries in receiver with no luck . I sent an email to LaCrosse and got no response . I 'll never buy a LaCrosse again since their quality and customer service is terrible . I 'm now looking at Oregon Scientific , Davis , or some other brand .
 Product worked great for two years , then would not pick up external sensor . Changed all batteries with fresh new ones , but would still not pick up external sensor . Tried all suggestions on company website -LRB- ways to install batteries , etc. -RRB- , but still would not pick up external sensor . Emailed Customer Service and received an automated response that they had received my email , but I have not received a response after three business days.I do not recommend purchasing this product , as the quality appears inferior .
 Junk ! Bought at Wal-mart . Would not pick up outdoor sensor from the start !! Poor chintzy quality.Back to Wamart it goes .
 This toaster worked perfectly for 2 months used once a week.then one day I put a bagel in the toaster and about 5 min later there was billowing smoke coming from the toaster . I pressed the cancel button , nothing I then had to pull the lever up and two bagel briquettes popped up . I then put another bagel in and immediatly hit the cancel button , nothing . The only thing this toaster is good for now is making carbon . It has two settings on and off . I am boycotting all cuisinart products.mark
 I ca n't believe how bad this toaster is . Let me count the ways : - Towards the middle of the slot is a burn zone , completely different from both ends - Extra-wide slots do n't fully close , causing items like Eggos inside to bend and toast unevenly - Hard to push down lever does n't stay down 50 % of the time - Numbers on the dial for toasting browness do n't mean anything -LRB- burn at 4 once , barely toasted at 4 another time -RRB- Yeech . Buy another toaster - this one is awful . I waited too long to return this so now I am stuck with it .
 I purchased this toaster about 13 months ago and was dissapointed immediately when I found that even on the highest setting the toast or bagel would not be done after the first pop-up . And of course you send it down again and it burns if you do n't watch it . Then the ultimate insult , one of the elements quit working altogether 13 months later and now I am flipping the bread to toast both sides . As annoyed as I am having wasted my money on this disposable toaster I am looking forward to finding one that will work and be reliable . I wo n't be looking at Cuisinarts !
 Great looking toaster ... reminds me of my ex-wife ... great to look at but completely worthless . I love the concept ; the heating elements moves to adjust themselves to the bagel , toast , pizza , whathaveyou ... the catch is the thing is dumb as a post . Put in a bagel or bread and you never know how it is going to come out of the toaster . Setting it on 3 may yield tan or black toast ... so if you set it to one , you get warm bread ... hit it again on one and the bread turns dark brown.This really stinks for me , because I was pretty excited to get it home . My other toaster was with me for 15 years . I pulled it out of the trash and toasted my bagel with it this morning , that is how much this one stinks.P.S . It does do an outstanding job of warming cold pizza to near original quality !! I put it on it 's side and pushed the lever and watched in amazement as my slice got perfectly oven hot , crisp and fresh !!
 The first model I got had a glow bar on each side . One or the other would burn out after a few months . I had bought extended service and on the 3rd replacement I was upgraded to the CPT35 . It had heating wires and was more reliable . I also have the buzzing problem others mention . What happens is that the wire clip on one side overheats and fatigues . I re-crimped it several times then finally replaced it . Seems to need a repair about once a year . But I like the size and the way it works so I eeked about 7 years out of my investment .
 I bought this toaster as an upgrade from the really cheap , $ 9 one we had before . It worked great for us ; loved the big slot for bagels , etc. . Then the other day , about 5 months after we bought it , the cancel button/pop-up mechanism burned out with a big blue spark while the toaster was on . Now it turns on but wo n't turn off , unless you push the lever up . I , too , am disgusted by the terms of the `` warranty , '' which require that the customer pay the freight both ways for replacement . That adds up to about half of the $ 30.00 we paid for the toaster . Not sure whether we 'll bother sending it in for replacement or not , but I am sure we 'll not be buying any more Cuisinart products .
 But in fact , this is one toaster , that is the least ... reliable.We purchased this toaster for the features we liked on our all our previous toasters the one wide slot option , which can be hard to find , on toasters.And I had seen other single wideslot toasters such as some of the Kitchen Aid models , but found the Kitchen Aid to be overpriced for our taste -LRB- going as high as around 100 dollars . -RRB- Back to the cusinart , This toaster seems like a nice deal , at a good price , however , it does not toast at all consistenly , and many times , we have to run things back through for anothertoasting just to get it to a normal toast colorAnd something else we have found about this modeland while I am completely aware that products coming from a toaster WILL BE HOT ... the products placed in this toaster modelfor toasting seem to get overly hot even with waiting a moment to retrive it.I have burned my fingertips many times -LRB- although not severely -RRB- even just barely touching whatever has just been toasted.I am wondering how many other consumers have found this as well , with this toaster.So while one of the stars this has earned is because I find the 40 dollar price tag to be a reasonable price for a toasterand you do also , do n't use it to spend on this Cuisinart!Find another brand !
 First you can disregard my first review of this product as I was premature in my accessment . Purchased 9/02 , a few weeks ago it started making a loud buzzing noise when you tried to start it , so we quit using it for a few days , when we tried using it a few days later it did not make the noise but it only toasts on one side . There are two adults in this house , this toaster is not heavly used.I contacted Cuisinart giving them the model # , Serial # ect . . In order for them to honor their 3 year warranty one has to jump through hoops by1 -RRB- Packaging the item , and mailing it back to them at your own expense .2 -RRB- Send them payment of $ $ to cover the cost for them to ship you a replacement unit.I imagine not many folks have the time to do all of the above , I know I do not and if you figure out how much it costs you in time and money you have spent the cost of a new toaster running around and packaging/paying for shipment . I suppose putting all these conditions on their Warranty makes for not having to honor it very much . I am really glad I did not pay $ 65.00 for this toaster . As I told Cuisinart I will purchase a new toaster but it will not be a Cuisinar !
 We had a Black & Decker toaster that did n't toast . We read the ratings and felt the extra money spent on a Cuisinart was well worth the cost if the toaster toasted . The first thing we tried was English muffins ... the toaster took forever and did n't toast the muffins . We turned the settings the entire way up , but the result was still inadequate . The Cuisinart does n't toast anything so far but bread . I could do that in my broiler . Needless to say we are perplexed , unsatisfied with the product and disappointed .
 Almost every morning my wife yells `` when are you going to throw this toaster away ! '' We have had it for approximately two years , and even when brand new , it has never toasted evenly . Sometimes for no apparent reason and with no relationship to whether it is hot or cold -LRB- and no explanation in the instructions -RRB- the toast wo n't stay down and an extremely loud buzz -LRB- it makes the cats flee the kitchen ! -RRB- that sounds like an alarm comes out of it . Hitting the cancel button , unplugging it , wo n't `` reset '' it , it just stops buzzing and starts working again when it feels like it . Sometimes the toast wo n't stay down and there is no buzz . Buy another brand !
 I know it 's a -LSB- poor -RSB- toaster , but I would have expected a minimum level of quality . The bread toasts unevenly , no matter what kind of bread we have tried . The timing is unreliable , and changes from use to use . We have ours set on 5 -LRB- darkest -RRB- , and often have to send the toast back through for another go around -- when we then have to peer into the toaster and pop it up when it is brown or risk burning . I wish I had another chance -- but now that I 've bought it I 'm stuck with this one until it breaks . Maybe I 'll get it right the second time around . IT WO N'T BE A CUISINART THE NEXT TIME .
 I had my toaster 2 years it never toasted evenly burned edges before the middle browned . Even worse the realease button broke off making the toaster useless . My best friend returned hers right away as I should have .
 the product is very cheaply made and does n't hold up . The on-off trigger just fell out of the unit one day for no reason . very noisy unit . not well designed .
 I bought this knife to cut homemade bread . I needed an electric knife with blades long enough to reach across the entire loaf . Believe it or not , many knives I looked at had blades just a little too short . For those who need to know , the bread cutting blades for this model are 7.5 '' long . I measured just the useable cutting part of the blade . The overall blade is longer after the cutting guard so it can be mounted on the handle . Unfortunately , I do not have the meat blades , so can not tell you the length of those.I 've had this knife about 1.5 years and use it once a week to slice up a loaf of homemade bread . Cutting-wise , it works fine . Not that it 's too difficult to slice bread ! :-RRB- The loaves I cut have a medium-hard crustiness and the knife is fine with that . The blades are still nice and sharp.I have never used the meat blades , so can not comment on those.I do n't want to store my electric knife on the counter , so the stand was not important to me . I tossed it . I store the blades with my other knives -LRB- in a knife block -RRB- and the handle in a kitchen drawer.I 've never owned an electric knife before this one , so I do n't know how noisy they typically are . This model , however , is very noisy . You are not going to have a conversation with someone while cutting with this knife!So , why did I rate this knife so poorly?The handle design is terrible . I have slightly larger than average hands for a woman , but it is really hard to get a good grip on this knife because of the large bulbous handle design . I end up holding the handle way up by the neck where it is narrower . By the time I 'm finished cutting one loaf of bread , I have a hand cramp from holding the knife in such an awkward position . What were they thinking with this design ?? If you are a woman with average -LRB- or small -RRB- hands I 'd find this knife locally and try it out before buying . -LRB- PS - I bought this at a local store , so can not comment on vendor shipping -RRB- .
 I thought this electric knife would be the same quality as other Cuisinart items I have . However , this one was a disappointment . Besides the handle being uncomfortable , the major reason for return is that the knife handle got quite hot after the first use . It was being used to cut thru a very moist brined turkey breast and not much pressure was needed . We have since replaced the Cuisinart with a Black & Decker 700 Slim Line and are very pleased with it . Not to mention , the price was way less for a better knife .
 The first knife I got was broken -LRB- new -RRB- . I sent it back and 1 year later , the spring that holds the knife in was shot . We only used this knife for bread and turkey -LRB- 2 times a week , max -RRB- . I previously bought a cheap Hamilton-Beach knife that lasted almost a decade . Basically , this is a nice looking yugo of a knife . Giving this knife one star is a stretch .
 Received the knife as a wedding gift in july of 2012 . Opened the knife for the first time a few days after Christmas of 2012 to slice a ham . The knife overheated to the point where the handle was too hot to hold . Finished the job with a normal knife . My instruction booklet says that cuisinart wants me to send $ 10 for a warranty replacement . I will do no such thing . Hopefully we are n't beyond the return window of our macy 's registry .
 I have owned 3 of these knives , I cut bread with it from my bread machine almost daily and meat 6-7 times a year . It cuts well and performs like a champ . The only problem is that it has never lasted me past the warranty date . The first one I had n't realized was under warranty so I bought a new one , the second one I sent in and they sent me a new one but amazingly it lasted a shorter time than the others . It turns out there is a significant design flaw in the trigger , at some point it only worksCuisinart CEK-40 Electric Knifeintermittently then stops working all together . 3 out of 3 knives ca n't be a coincidence . I 'm going with a different brand especially since I can buy 2 electric knives from a different manufacturer for the outrageous price of one of these .
 I purchased two of these electric knives after reading the Amazon.com reviews and because I trust Cuisinart products . Although the knife performed well , after only a very few uses the on-off trigger control button simply fell off without warning - and this in the midst of carving holiday turkey for a crowd . I was left to scramble to find and sharpen another knife to get the job done while guests were waiting and the bird was getting cold . Very exasperating and embarrassing . This exact scenario was repeated with the second knife purchased as well . I am very disappointed and ca n't understand why this vital component had n't been better designed . Cuisinart
 Expensive junk ! It is amazing how poorly made this product is . I used this knife for the first time last evening and half way through carving a large stand up rib roast the blades stopped working and the motor kept running.Upon inspection , I found that a plastic gear connected to a steel worm gear had stripped . I ca n't believe some idiot designer would combine a critical steel gear with a plastic one ; the unit was doomed from the start . Cuisinart , which made a name for itself by producing quality products certainly has fallen into shoddy manufacturing.I would recommend this item only to those who want to cut pudding , anything harder is bound to destroy this flimsily constructed product . Ugh!Needless to say I am returning this in exchange for the Black and Decker EK700 which is highly recommended by `` Cooks Illustrated '' and is less than half the price .
 When this knife first arrived , it was great . It cut great and I could n't have been happier with it . Then , within a week or two , it began to stop cutting even though the motor still was running . Sort of like it locked up when it had to cut through something more than a simple loaf of bread . I was very unhappy and sent it back . Did not reorder so I do n't know if it was just a one item problem or something general with these knives .
 Do n't count on this knife to cut more than two turkeys . I bought two of them and both knives started shutting off and finally quit altogether . I thought the first one was just a lemon but after buying a second one , I am covinced it is a bad product and not worth the money . I only used it on Thanksgiving and possibly once or twice throughout the year on hams or prime rib . Nothing is more frustrating than your knife stopping to work before you 're half way through your turkey . Seems to last long enough to get through the warranty .
 Although the knife cuts bread meat competently , after 3 months of use the body developed a crack which then expanded into the total disintegration of the body . The insight into the knife provided a view that it is badly engineered and uses cheap plastic .
 Positives
 This knife is both under-powered and has quit already - the same switch problem others have found.I bake bread and like an electric knife to cut it - I 'll look for a cheaper brand this time!My old , cheaper-brand knife lasted 10 years of bread slicing ! and I would have purchased that brand again but could n't find it .
 Do not buy this knife ! We just threw out the third knife that we had replaced . All three knives had bad trigger switches . You would think that a company with a rep like Cuisinart would take care of a ongoing problem like the switch but all three knives had the same problem . We will never buy another Cuisinart product again . They need to get their act together .
 I used this knife two times and the cheaply made trigger mechanism fell apart in my hand . Further inspection revealed that a tiny pice of plastic that holds the trigger in place broke off . Ive got it taped right now but it only works intermittently .
 I bought 2 of these knives and both have the same problem
 We had an electric knife as a wedding gift 26 years ago that finally gave out . Our daughter bought us this one as a gift thinking the brand would be even better . It lasted 4 months ! Minimal use , maybe 3 times a month . My original knife was proctor silex so I will be looking for another one . The Cuisinart was a complete let down since they are usually a good value . It 's made us stay clear of their appliances completely even though I like the cookware .
 The blades broke the very first time I used them . In my opinion thay are very porely made .
 I used it once on a properly cooked brisket and it did great until halfway through when it got quite hot and smelled like something burning . It also slowed down . I do n't think a 5 pound 6 hour braised and boneless roast should challenge this device . It was also the most expensive knife . I promptly returned it .
 A great disappointment for the Cuisinart name
 We enjoyed enjoyed this knife while it lasted . My wife liked the way it fit her hand , its balance , and the way it did everything she wanted it to do . I did n't use it as much as my wife , but I found it to have the same qualities.The weak point on our unit was the switch . The little safety button stopped doing its job about a year ago and the whole tirgger part of the switch eventually fell out of the unit , along with some little plastic pieces that appear to have made up some kind of catch that held the trigger in place . Since it looks like the pieces are broken broken off of the plastic housing , it doen 's look like it 's fixable.In terms of how it worked , this design deserves 5 stars . In terms of its durability ... well let 's just say that it is n't in the same league as my mother-in-law 's Montgomery Ward branded knife that is older than my wife -LRB- 40 + just do n't tell her I said that -RRB- and works like it 's brand new .
 I am disappointed in the limited performance of this product , particularly given the great reputation of this manufacturer of other quality appliances . At first it performed well but `` burned out '' shortly after purchase . Although the company replaced with a new one without question , it too died within a few months . With Thanksgiving coming , I am shopping for a more reliable product .
 I bought this knife to cut homemade bread . I needed an electric knife with blades long enough to reach across the entire loaf . Believe it or not , many knives I looked at had blades just a little too short . For those who need to know , the bread cutting blades for this model are 7.5 '' long . I measured just the useable cutting part of the blade . The overall blade is longer after the cutting guard so it can be mounted on the handle . Unfortunately , I do not have the meat blades , so can not tell you the length of those.I 've had this knife about 1.5 years and use it once a week to slice up a loaf of homemade bread . Cutting-wise , it works fine . Not that it 's too difficult to slice bread ! :-RRB- The loaves I cut have a medium-hard crustiness and the knife is fine with that . The blades are still nice and sharp.I have never used the meat blades , so can not comment on those.I do n't want to store my electric knife on the counter , so the stand was not important to me . I tossed it . I store the blades with my other knives -LRB- in a knife block -RRB- and the handle in a kitchen drawer.I 've never owned an electric knife before this one , so I do n't know how noisy they typically are . This model , however , is very noisy . You are not going to have a conversation with someone while cutting with this knife!So , why did I rate this knife so poorly?The handle design is terrible . I have slightly larger than average hands for a woman , but it is really hard to get a good grip on this knife because of the large bulbous handle design . I end up holding the handle way up by the neck where it is narrower . By the time I 'm finished cutting one loaf of bread , I have a hand cramp from holding the knife in such an awkward position . What were they thinking with this design ?? If you are a woman with average -LRB- or small -RRB- hands I 'd find this knife locally and try it out before buying . -LRB- PS - I bought this at a local store , so can not comment on vendor shipping -RRB- .
 I had previously owned a Hamilton Beach electric knife in which the motor started to go bad after two years . I have other Cuisinart products that are very good . This knife sells for $ 50 versus the Hamilton Beach which costs $ 20 . You figure it has got to be a better product . NOT SO . The Cuisinart makes 3 times the noise of the Hamilton and the handle becomes very hot to the touch after 3 - 4 minutes of use . It does not cut any better than the Hamilton Beach model 74250 . I called Cuisnart about this product and they themselves acknowledged that the product is very noisy and that the motor gets very hot . Save yourself some money and buy the Hamilton Beach knife . There are coupons availble at Bed Bath and Beyond for $ 5 which brings the cost down to $ 14.99 . For that price , if it fails , you can throw it away and buy a new one . See the attached link.Hamilton Beach 74250 Carve 'n Set Electric Knife with Case , White
 This knife worked fine for a few months , then it became more and more difficult to create a good connection while operating the trigger mechanism . It now functions very eratically , and I usually resort to a standard knife to avoid the hassle . The positive comments that you read in the reviews are accurate . How many of them report having had the knife for a year or more , and it 's still working fine , however ? Maybe some of them are constructed well and are , in fact , durable . I chose to believe that the problems reported in the reviews were flukes , and got butned .
 This knife worked well prior to an untimely death , after being used only a handful of times . I contacted Cuisinart , only to be informed that the 3 year warranty begins as of manufature date ; it does n't matter when it actually made it to the consumer . Needless to say , I will never purchase another Cuisinart product again .
 I bought this to upgrade my 40 year old knife . I have been a Cuisinart fan for years . The reviews here are accurate : Sharp - yes - DO N'T change the blades with the knife plugged in . THIS IS REALLY DANGEROUS due to the hair trigger button.Nice looking - absolutely , nice package and storage.Smells aweful - yes - a smell that reminds me of my electric model train from the 60sJunk - YES . I believe so.I am disappointed with the quality and performance of this product . Much of this is covered in reviews here already . At the reduced price point its a hassle to send back ... I just will think twice before buying a Cuisinart product again .
 Expensive junk ! It is amazing how poorly made this product is . I used this knife for the first time last evening and half way through carving a large stand up rib roast the blades stopped working and the motor kept running.Upon inspection , I found that a plastic gear connected to a steel worm gear had stripped . I ca n't believe some idiot designer would combine a critical steel gear with a plastic one ; the unit was doomed from the start . Cuisinart , which made a name for itself by producing quality products certainly has fallen into shoddy manufacturing.I would recommend this item only to those who want to cut pudding , anything harder is bound to destroy this flimsily constructed product . Ugh!Needless to say I am returning this in exchange for the Black and Decker EK700 which is highly recommended by `` Cooks Illustrated '' and is less than half the price .
 this knife worked for less than a month , then totally quit . my $ 15 black & decker still works after 20 years .
 Bought this knife to use for Thanksgiving . Wanted to test it before the holiday , so tried slicing a loaf of bread . First I had trouble getting the blades to lock in . After using the knife for just a few minutes , it started to smell -LRB- like burning electrical wires -RRB- . The motor area became very hot . After only one use , I am now unable to remove the blades . I am afraid I will cut off my fingers trying.This is one of the worst purchases I have ever made . Thought Cuisinart was supposed to be a good brand . Reading some of the other reviews below , it sounds like this knife may work well only for a very short time . Not for me ! Obviously there are both design and manufacturing flaws involved.This product should be removed from the market .
 I bought this knife to cut homemade bread . I needed an electric knife with blades long enough to reach across the entire loaf . Believe it or not , many knives I looked at had blades just a little too short . For those who need to know , the bread cutting blades for this model are 7.5 '' long . I measured just the useable cutting part of the blade . The overall blade is longer after the cutting guard so it can be mounted on the handle . Unfortunately , I do not have the meat blades , so can not tell you the length of those.I 've had this knife about 1.5 years and use it once a week to slice up a loaf of homemade bread . Cutting-wise , it works fine . Not that it 's too difficult to slice bread ! :-RRB- The loaves I cut have a medium-hard crustiness and the knife is fine with that . The blades are still nice and sharp.I have never used the meat blades , so can not comment on those.I do n't want to store my electric knife on the counter , so the stand was not important to me . I tossed it . I store the blades with my other knives -LRB- in a knife block -RRB- and the handle in a kitchen drawer.I 've never owned an electric knife before this one , so I do n't know how noisy they typically are . This model , however , is very noisy . You are not going to have a conversation with someone while cutting with this knife!So , why did I rate this knife so poorly?The handle design is terrible . I have slightly larger than average hands for a woman , but it is really hard to get a good grip on this knife because of the large bulbous handle design . I end up holding the handle way up by the neck where it is narrower . By the time I 'm finished cutting one loaf of bread , I have a hand cramp from holding the knife in such an awkward position . What were they thinking with this design ?? If you are a woman with average -LRB- or small -RRB- hands I 'd find this knife locally and try it out before buying . -LRB- PS - I bought this at a local store , so can not comment on vendor shipping -RRB- .
 I bought this knife to cut homemade bread . I needed an electric knife with blades long enough to reach across the entire loaf . Believe it or not , many knives I looked at had blades just a little too short . For those who need to know , the bread cutting blades for this model are 7.5 '' long . I measured just the useable cutting part of the blade . The overall blade is longer after the cutting guard so it can be mounted on the handle . Unfortunately , I do not have the meat blades , so can not tell you the length of those.I 've had this knife about 1.5 years and use it once a week to slice up a loaf of homemade bread . Cutting-wise , it works fine . Not that it 's too difficult to slice bread ! :-RRB- The loaves I cut have a medium-hard crustiness and the knife is fine with that . The blades are still nice and sharp.I have never used the meat blades , so can not comment on those.I do n't want to store my electric knife on the counter , so the stand was not important to me . I tossed it . I store the blades with my other knives -LRB- in a knife block -RRB- and the handle in a kitchen drawer.I 've never owned an electric knife before this one , so I do n't know how noisy they typically are . This model , however , is very noisy . You are not going to have a conversation with someone while cutting with this knife!So , why did I rate this knife so poorly?The handle design is terrible . I have slightly larger than average hands for a woman , but it is really hard to get a good grip on this knife because of the large bulbous handle design . I end up holding the handle way up by the neck where it is narrower . By the time I 'm finished cutting one loaf of bread , I have a hand cramp from holding the knife in such an awkward position . What were they thinking with this design ?? If you are a woman with average -LRB- or small -RRB- hands I 'd find this knife locally and try it out before buying . -LRB- PS - I bought this at a local store , so can not comment on Amazon shipping -RRB- .
 Bought this knife because of its high reviews . Well , the joke 's on me . After 5 uses it has just quit . No power to it whatsoever . I suppose I could continue to use it by sawing back and forth , but that sort of defeats the purpose.Save yourself some money . Buy something else . I am .
 the on/off switch is made of plastic and broke after 5-7 uses . We could n't get it to work again , $ 40 down the drain . Cuisnart stinks . Had a $ 115 coffee maker from Cuisnart that crapped out too , after 1 year . Pathetic
 I paid for expedited shipping on the cuisinart cek-40 electric knife so I would have it in time for Thanksgiving.My father had an electric knife and we used it all the time for years with great results , so I was excited to have my own ... Plugged it in and started carving the turkey ... whenever the knife encountered the slightest resistance is squeeked like a ` stuck pig ' and when it struck a bone it just jammed and stopped carving completelyI finally had to resort to the ` old fashioned ' way of carving with my trusty carving knife.Very surprising for Cuisinart considering all the rave reviews this knife got in advance of Thanksgiving .
 I used to have an Oster electric knife with a meat and bread blade . Came in a nice little case with a carving fork . When that `` cheap '' knife failed , my husband decided to spend the extra money and buy this one for me . At first , I loved it . It 's nicely designed and works well . However , one day the switch came out of the knife for no reason at all . I was able to put it back in , but eventually it stopped working altogether . After reading a review here that said a woman called the company and they honored the warranty even though the serial number indicated it was past the three-year timeframe , I called Cuisinart myself . They claim the warranty expired on this unit nine months ago and without a receipt , they ca n't reset the warranty . We are certain that we are still within the three years , based on two times that we moved , but we certainly do n't still have the receipt . Obviously , Cuisinart does n't read reviews of its products or they would have offered me something - even a discount on a new knife . And by now , they would have fixed the switch issue since that seems to be a big one . Today , I will probably head out to Target and buy another $ 20 Oster model . If we 're going to have to buy a new knife every two to three years , I 'd prefer to spend $ 20 a pop than $ 50 . Sometimes when you pay for a name , all you get is ripped off .
 Cuisinart CEK40 / CEK-40 / CEK-40 Electric Knife with Stainless Steel Carving & Bread BladePurchased the knife for Christmas and it broke the 2nd time it was used . I purchased this knife because of the Cuisinart brand name . Thought it would alst forever when infact its one of the worst performers . Like the views before mine it seemed to underperform when cutting meat , briefly started again then quit all together . I am still dumfounded and feel the manufacturer should exchange or refund .
 This knife lasted 14 months . It cut well when it operated . The switch failed and when I tried to take it apart to replace I found that it was so poorly designed that you could not remove the switch with out breaking the glued in place cover .
 I bought this knife less than a year ago and have used it about 20 times . It barely works now . Blades do n't get through tender meat . I do n't recommend this knife .
 Where to begin ? The motor is so light , that most of the time it can not even cut through a marshmallow . Good thing it comes with a 3 year warranty , because now - in it 's first year - we 're up to replacement number three!Please note that when you do contact the Cuisinart warranty department -LRB- and you will ! -RRB- , they will first try to convince you to exchange your purchase with Amazon.The stand is laughable since it is extremely unstable and the electric cord * always * gets caught at the bottom when removing the handle , which means that both stand and second set of knifes go flying over the counter virtually every time you take out the handle . This could have worked if the stand were wall-mountable . It is not .
 Where to begin ? The motor is so light , that most of the time it can not even cut through a marshmallow . Good thing it comes with a 3 year warranty , because now - in it 's first year - we 're up to replacement number three!Please note that when you do contact the Cuisinart warranty department -LRB- and you will ! -RRB- , they will first try to convince you to exchange your purchase with Amazon.The stand is laughable since it is extremely unstable and the electric cord * always * gets caught at the bottom when removing the handle , which means that both stand and second set of knifes go flying over the counter virtually every time you take out the handle . This could have worked if the stand were wall-mountable . It is not .
 I am very disappointed with this product . I was carving my Thanksgiving turkey yesterday when the knife stopped working after it got hooked on bone in the wing . The motor continued to work , but the blades stopped moving . The knife has only been used 3 times , but I had to throw it out today . I opened the plastic case , and found a metal worm gear coming off the motor shaft , and a cheap nylon gear attached to it to move the blades back and forth . The nylon gear was stripped and the knife was useless . My prior knife , much less expensive , lasted for 18 years . The Cuisinart knife is not well made and only works well when it is not under any stress .
 First of all , this knife is underpowered . It bogs down easily and the blades feel reluctant to slice into anything . But there is also a fatal design flaw . The internal mechanism of this knife uses a stainless steel worm gear to drive a nylon circular gear which in turn drives the blades . The second time I used the knife -LRB- on Thanksgiving -RRB- the blades siezed up on a piece of turkey bone . The nylon gear ceased turning because of that but the worm gear continued to spin . I took it apart to see why the knife blades no longer moved even though the motor whirred away . Result ? The nylon gear is stripped and the knife is irreparably dead . It is n't that hard to design a mechanism with a safety cutout to separate the gears if one stops rotating -LRB- or alternatively , to build both gears out of stainless steel -RRB- and given the fact that this is by far the most expensive electric knife there is , Cuisinart certainly should have been able to do so . A knife that disintegrates as soon as it hits something tough is worthless junk . This one cost me $ 25 per cut .
 I bought this knife and wanted to use it to carve up a roasted pig for a luau party I was having . The knife was a little under powered , it seemed to struggle when cutting larger slices . The pig was quite large -LRB- 60 lbs -RRB- and after about 20 minutes of continuous use the knife became quite warm and stopped working . After a few choice explectives I handed it to my husband . Lucky for me my husband is a mechanical engineer who owns his own business which includes a metal working machine shop . Later that week he took it apart and discovered that there is a very fragile plastic Nylon gear that is part of the main drive . The plastic teeth on the gear were stripped and that is why the knife stopped working . He told me he did a few quick gear calculations -LRB- he is a smart fellow -RRB- and determined that the plastic nylon gear teeth strength was way underpowered for the design . He was able to make a duplicate gear out of stainless steel in his machine shop and assembled the new metal gear into the knife replacing the junk plastic one . Since that time the knife has worked flawless . I have since carved all sorts of roasts , pork , turkeys and no matter how long or hard the carving is , even if I hit a bone , it never stopped working . The Cuisinart engineers should be embarrased , this is such an easy fix to make -LRB- all they need to do is change out the Plastic nylon gear for a metal one , maybe cost them an extra 10 cents ? -RRB- , it is like they never did any research and developement on this product because I know if they tried to cut anything other then bread the dam knife would stop working after about 10 minutes of use . I would say that all the good reviews here are from people slicing bread , if you want to slice meat and use the knife for more then 10 minutes you will need to find an engineer and a machine shop to replace the plastic gear , after that it works great .
 I bought one of these last August to use up a gift card . I used it for the first time the week before Thanksgiving on a london broil . I got through about three slices before the blades stopped slicing . The knife motor ran but the blades did not slice . After reading one of the earlier reviews , I suspect the teeth on the cheap nylon gear Cuisinart uses instead of a metal gear stripped off.I wanted to try an electric knife to carve the turkey and bought a Hamilton Beach Carve 'n Set which worked perfectly , came with a carving fork , was housed in a convenient storage case and , more importantly , cost $ 20.00 at a local BB&B. ; I recently decided to return the defective Cuisinart for repair . They not only want $ 5.00 `` to facilitate the speed and accuracy of your return ... '' but they also expect the consumer to pay the cost of shipping their defective Cuisinart CEK-40 back to them.Despite the quality and longevity of the other products they sell -LRB- we own several -RRB- , their electric knife is a piece of comparatively expensive , klutzy junk that flaunts itself on more counter space than it needs or deserves . Their policy covering returns and repairs of defective products is the quintessential rip off.If you need a quality electric knife at a very decent price , I suggest you consider the Hamilton Beach set and avoid Cuisinart 's `` gift '' to the culinary world .
 My mother and I bought two of these knives at approximately the same time , and we fell in love with them . But strangely , after just a few uses , the trigger buttons on both of our knives stopped working . After opening the device and adjusting the trigger switch , mine began working again ... sometimes . During a number of dinners I have embarassingly clicked and clicked the trigger switch , then finally put the knife away and cut my food manually . Either this is a design flaw or a heck of a coincidence that both knives we purchased broke the same way . It does n't work at all now . Otherwise , it 's a great electric knife ... but you are taking a chance when you buy this product !
 This knife works very well initially but after a few months the trigger breaks . We have had two of these . When the first one broke I figured that was bad luck . But when the second one broke I decided it was just absolute junk . It would be nice to get a quality product made in America or even Europe . I am sick and tired of this Chinese garbage . I do n't mind spending the money for a quality product but I refuse to spend any more money on an inferior product with a big name made in China .
 The motor is great and the blades are exceptional -- if only I could get it to work.The poor quality of the PLASTIC on/off safety pin became evident shortly after I purchased this electric knife . After sliding the pin to the ON position , I would have to play with it to get it in exactly the right position so that the knife would start working.When the pin broke -LRB- after only a few uses -RRB- , I was still able to push in the bottom grip and it was a crap shoot . Sometimes the knife would work even without the on/off switch and the safety pin.It smoked a little and smelled like hell , but at least I got my roast sliced .
 We received this knife for our wedding -LRB- August 2005 -RRB- . It started displaying intermittent switch behavior after 4 years of light use . The switch will only activate the knife about 30 % of the time . Obviously the switch has gone bad . When I contacted Cuisinart , they declined to do anything about it because it was out of the 3 year warranty . Not very good performance for a $ 50 knife .
 Bought the knife June 8 , 2008 was used only for slicing bread , went to use it Nov 15 , 2009 and it was dead . Something must have burned up in it . I have and old electric knife I 've had for 20 + years that 's still going strong . I just liked the thicker blade for the bread knife that was on the Cuisinart knife , guess I 'll just use my old knife until if finally goes . Too bad I did like the knife while it worked .
 This knife lasted less than 2 years with little use . I paid for the name and it did me no good . My old Hamilton Beach one lasted 27 years ! Cuisinart said they could tell by serial # it was past the 3 year warranty but if I could give them a receipt , they would honor it . How convenient . I 'm headed back to WalMart this time to buy the cheap ones that last .
 I purchased this knife four years ago for occasional use . Each time I used the handle became so hot I was unable to hold it without gloves or a potholder . It burned out after being used 6 or 7 times and Cuisinart replaced it at no charge . My experience with the replacement unit was the same . When I called Cuisinart customer service to inform them of this I was told by the supervisor that he had used the knife and had no problems and there was nothing they could do .
 This product is a piece of junk.My first knife quit after six months.The replacement I received lasted about nine months and customer service was totally uncooperative making me jump thru hoops as I sought to get another replacement.I gave up on this asI knew as I got nowhere with a rude , inconsiderate person.I am going to purchase another but I will never buy any Cuisinart product.jm memphis
 The Cuisinart electric knive carved beautifully while it was working . Unfortunately , after fewer than five uses , the knife just quit . No smoke , no grinding noise , no warning -- just two minutes into the holiday turkey , the knife simply died . It still looks and feels brand new ; it just wo n't work any more .
 I bought this knife to replace an old Hamilton Beach knife that was over 20 years old -LRB- yet still worked -RRB- . I saw this on a clearance shelf at my local BB&B store as it was their display model . I got it for 2/3 the price , so figured `` why not ? '' . It has been used maybe all of 5 times , mostly at Thanksgiving or Christmas dinner . I was carving a tender roast the other day and my knife just stopped working . I thought perhaps it had overheated , but still does not work after 3 days of trying it . Now it 's just junk and will have to be thrown out . I wish I still had my old knife that I donated . Anyway , heed the advice on this knife regarding it dying . It would be more beneficial to purchase a couple of less expensive knives every few years than invest $ $ in this one only to have to replace it after only a few uses . I never had the opportunity to use the bread blade . After a while of having the knife set sitting on my counter , I wanted to store it but it was too large to do so . Now , I will look for another less expensive knife , with detachable blades , and a case that I can store away until I actually need it , and have more open counter space . I definitely would not recommend this to anyone . The only positive is that the handle is ergonomic , but so are most of the knives these days . Save your money and invest in another brand .
 I received this knife as a gift and was quite happy with its performance , for about fourteen months . Then it began to smell funny when I sliced anything at all resistant , such as bagels . This happened several times , over the next month , before the knife simply stopped working at all . This knife was refurbished , which I had n't realized meant the warranty was for only 3 months . Cuisinart offered to replace it for $ 50 , which is about the price of two knives if I replace it with another brand , which is what I intend to do . I had thought Cuisinart was the top brand but obviouly I was mistaken . We 've had several electric knives , made by other companies , and this one gets the prize for having the shortest life . I wish I 'd read the reviews posted by other customers , who had similar problems , before asking for this particular electric knife .
 During only the third use the knife unit quit moving the blades . It would just make a buzzing noise like it was trying to do something . I paid over $ 50.00 for this knife . I expected it to operate longer than three months & two 1/2 uses ! It was reccomended on other web sites , they must not have used it much . Save your money and purchase a different electric knife !
 Paid $ 50 for the Cuisinart CEK-40 electric knife . After about 6 uses the knife stopped working . On/off switch had failed , poorly designed . I would not buy another Cuisinart knife .
 This is the second Cuisinart electric knife purchased within a year , and both &#34; died &#34; the same way
 I purchased the Cuisinart CEK-40 for my husband for father 's day . It 's a great knife as far as speed goes but with all the carving he 's done on turkey 's and roast 's here lately the knifes have gotten out of shape and now just do n't work well at all .
 Its ok , it overheats fast . I bought it to cut three to four steaks into strips but it cant keep up with this type of demand . It should be perfect for cutting two slices from a loaf of bread .
 When I called the company that I got it from about a problem they said that I wanted to complain that they did not want me as a customer . I opened the motor case , found and fixer the problem myself . Now only one half of the blade set can be taken out for cleaning . Thank goodness that we only slice fresh baked bread with it and it does a good job of that .
 I bought this knife for myself and my sister . At Christmas dinner my sister asked me to carve the turkey and handed me a regular knife , telling me that the electric knife is unusable . She told me that she used this electric knife a couple of times but that the blades kept falling out . As it turns out , I had the same experience . When it worked it worked well but that did n't last long . I especially liked the security blade lock so that you could n't accidentally turn it on . I have since purchased a new electric knife of a different brand and will see how well it works . If it works okay , I will also replace my sister 's knife so that next Christmas I do n't have to slice the meat off the turkey again with a dull knife !
 Bought it in August , and it died in December . Wo n't turn on . I use it mostly to cut bread ! It is under warranty , but is it worth the shipping costs to get a replacement ? The knife is not solidly built . It feels like all the parts are flopping around even when it is not running . Oh , for the quality of my `` made in the USA '' old GE knife .
 The knives keep slipping out while trying to carve . Knife has been returned and a new one is being sent from the Cooks store .
 The review by G. Kerner is right on the money . At less than 2 months old I was cutting some frozen bread and the blades stopped moving . I opened up the knife to find a very cheap nylon gear that self-destructed . It cut soft bread fine , but do n't expect it to do anything else.Cuisinart
 Bought this knife less than a year ago . Used it maybe 20 times . Now , barely cuts through tender meat . I do n't recommend it . Probably better to get the Black & Decker for 1/2 the price and replace it , if needed .
 When it works , it is great . But I returned 2 of them after a short time because of it overheating or stopping totally .
 Do n't buy it unless your cutting Jello . Its junk . Cuisinart should be embarrassed.I bought the Cuisinart CEK-40 Electric Knife for cutting our annual turkey . The gears became more and more stripped towards the end of the first turkey . I exchanged it for a new one and it cut out on the second use occasionally working and was completely unusable on our third year for the same reason . A stripped gear ! The motor keeps running at a louder pitch but the knife stops moving . There is a plastic gear part on the inside that easily becomes stripped on this unit . !! Any good reviews were either written when the unit may have had better parts or after the customers first use !! I 've blacklisted the Cuisinart brand from our kitchen because of this product . Test your products Cuisinart ! My respect for your products has been greatly lowered .
 We purchased ours in 2008 . Here 's what you can expect and why . Yes , I have torn into ours to see what is really happening.First , we only use ours for cutting fresh bread , a loaf or two a week . No hard use at all.Plan to have the switch quit working within the year , every year ! We have went through four of them and now our guarantee is out . It has cost us a $ 5.00 bill and the trouble of shipping each time . All total it has probably cost us $ 70 to own this knife for four years and now it 's done for . Not to mention the aggravation!The switch is not really a switch after all . Under the small press button is a very thin piece of flat metal which acts as the spring as well as the contact `` points '' for turning it on . The metal is formed into two tiny , thin tabs that actually make contact with wires from the motor and `` acts '' like a switch . This a bad design because the small spark that the electrical contact makes each time it is turned on quickly burns through the thin metal and it will no longer close the circuit . No way to repair this because of molded plastic parts , etc. . Take my word for it ! Just to get into the case requires `` breaking '' the glued gray end off of the case before the two main halves will separate to expose the problem contacts . I had hoped to find a real micro switch inside that I could replace . Not so ! If you do get the gray end apart fairly cleanly you will then have to glue it back together which is not nice.We never had the gear that everyone talks about give us a problem because we never tried to use the knife for carving . But , I did look it over while inside to see what others where having trouble with and sure enough we would have too if we had tried to carve anything . Just normal running in bread had already caused plastic shaving to be mixed with the grease from the gear and it was for certain the gear would have bit the dust if the switch had n't first.I promise you , I am very handy with fixing most things but this is NOT worth the trouble even though we love the basic design of this knife and wanted it to work out . Save yourself the headaches!Cuisinart , use a METAL gear and a micro switch before this thing cost you your reputation ! Selling your `` name '' and a `` nice '' design is not what we need !
 I can not understand how Cuisinart sent a knife that only works on 110volts to my country , -LRB- Australia -RRB- , that works on 240volt . Totally useless to me . To add insult to injury our Post Office wanted more than I paid in total to send this item back . I now have a good looking item sitting on the bench just to remind me of the stupidity of this whole exercise . Not happy .
 I purchased this product approximately one year ago . It worked great , used it on turkey breasts , chicken , ham and steaks.A few months ago it suddenly stopped working . I have to unplug it , remove the blades and keep pressing the on/off switch.Eventually it goes back on but it is an annoying process and should n't have problems when it is so new .
 I obtained the Cuisinart CEK-40 Electric Knife because of reputation of the company and familiarity with previous products . I liked the design , comfort of the handle and combination knife blades . My first use was slicing two loaves of bread with the bread knife . The bread was a somewhat dense whole wheat , but the gears stripped before I finished the second loaf . It has a great design but is poorly built .
 I 've had TWO of these knives . First one gave out shortly after first uses , second one slowed down and gave off a burning ozone smell like it was about to burst into flames . I have a multitude of Cuisinart products and I am sorry to say , this product is a DISASTER . RUN AWAY . Do not buy this plastic piece of headache . Unfortunately the site wo n't let me rate this worthless dangerous fire hazard as a no , zero , zilch , star .
 bought this knife cuisinart was a durable high quality knife , was i ever wrong used it 6 or 8 times and knife quit fileting to top it off i ; ve tried twice to contact them with not so much of a hello from them geeeeeeeez THANKS for very expensive lesson
 IT JUST DID N'T WORK , I RETURNED IT TO AMAZON ; IT WAS DEFECTIVE . AND , I EVEN LOOKED IT UP IN A CONSURMER 'S REPORT TYPE OF BOOK .
 ca n't review do n't have as yet ... not a plesant experience
 This was the poorest service i ever received from anyone , i ordered the knife on 12/25/06 and received it on 2/20/07 do you except me to buy anything from you in the future .
 I bought the Cuisinart knife for a Christmas present . We used it every now and again for a couple of years . Then the blades stopped moving even though the motor was running . Stripped gears . I was disappointed that it had broken down so quickly . I called Cuisinart to see if they would exchange but they would not . I will try a different brand this time .
 This thing lasted almost a week before it broke . Now it just kind of makes a grinding noise and stops when I try to cut anything . Very poor quality control .
 Did a good job carving turkey when first used . Motor failed to work the second time I tried to use it . Can not recommend it . Removed comment about cutting frozen meat 12/3/11
 I was given this Cuisinart Electric Knife less than a year ago after my mother bought one for her own kitchen . Within the first three months of occasional use , the trigger started malfunctioning so that it would n't turn on consistently . Within a few weeks of mine malfunctioning , my mother 's started doing the same thing . Apparently this is a design flaw in the knife 's trigger switch . When it works , it cuts well but there 's no joy in repeatedly pressing a switch and never knowing for sure IF it will work . NOT worth the aggravation .
 Even having checked with Amazon that this item was 220v 50/60hz for use in Ireland , and having been assured that it was , when it arrived low and behold it was 110v 60hz . Needless to say I was more than dissapointed . Due to the high shipping cost it is not worth returning the item , so I am looking for a step down transformer now !!! Amazon were kind enough to refund my money .
 I have this electric knife and am replacing it with a different brand . It is very bulky to operate for a woman , a little to large to hold . Also , the switch is made of cheap plastic and broke after a few uses . We hold it together with a rubber band .
 I was rather surprised when I plugged in the electric knife and it immediately started going . The switch on the handle which includes special lock-safe had no effect.In addition , the knives did not lock flush into the handle . I would guess that this is a manufacturing defect . If you buy this product , please assume that the knife will be cutting the instance that you plug it into the wall and save your fingers . As advertised , the knives are very sharp and will cut well .
 We have owned the knife about one year and have used it occasionally -LRB- holidays mostly -RRB- for cutting meat and bread . After last use , the blades could not be removed because the blade release buttons had broken off and were rattling around in the housing at the end of the knife . We do not know how it happened -LRB- guests sometimes help in kitchen -RRB- but it must have occurred in what would be considered normal/anticipated use . I finally figured out how to release the blades - not easy . Cuisinart agreed to honor the warranty but I would have to pay shipping both ways and this amounted to a little over half the cost of a new one . And , I would expect the new one to have the same weakness - fragile little plastic linkages . I figured out how to modify the defective knife -LRB- retired mechanical design engineer -RRB- so that the blades could be inserted and removed relatively easily . After removing the silver end housing I made two small slots in the top that are directly above the flexible blade drive connectors . A little pointy thing can release the blades . There 's no electricity out there . Otherwise , the knife is satisfactory . But do n't be surprised if the blade release buttons break and you ca n't get the blades out .
 I have had three of these knives , they work very well until the trigger switch breaks . The switch seems designed from light weight plastic and lasts for maybe 25 uses . I bought it because of the Cuisinart name but after three tries , never again .
 Do n't buy it unless your cutting Jello . Its junk . Cuisinart should be embarrassed.I bought the Cuisinart CEK-40 Electric Knife for cutting our annual turkey . The gears became more and more stripped towards the end of the first turkey . I exchanged it for a new one and it cut out on the second use occasionally working and was completely unusable on our third year for the same reason . A stripped gear ! The motor keeps running at a louder pitch but the knife stops moving . There is a plastic gear part on the inside that easily becomes stripped on this unit . !! Any good reviews were either written when the unit may have had better parts or after the customers first use !! I 've blacklisted the Cuisinart brand from our kitchen because of this product . Test your products Cuisinart ! My respect for your products has been greatly lowered .
 This knife had potential to replace my old General Electric . I received this knife as a gift and had only used it once for Thanksgiving last year for turkey and this week decided to slice up a rib roast . I plugged it in and nothing happened . Checked the connection , re-installed the blades , unlocked the safety mechanism for the trigger , checked the outlet with other appliances . Tried it once more and pulled the trigger on it and click , click , click , ... nothing ! I 'm thinking to myself its a Cuisinart it does n't do stuff like this , hell , I 've had my food processor for years and its still running strong . So for whatever reason it stopped working from now on I 'm going to approach their products with a wary eye especially when it comes to their more expensive appliances . They just lost some of their consumer confidence with me today . They do n't make anything like they used to anymore ... sigh .
 This is a great knife until the motor burns out . I 've only used it for meats and bread , not cutting logs or doing carpentry . One was replaced under warranty . The fourth and last one just burned out . I like an electric knife and will try another , cheaper manufacturer so I wo n't feel taken when I need to trash it . Several times they had the smell of burning insulation before dying . This tells me they are defective . Last one just quit working . Shame on me for being stupid !!! Save your money and buy a cheaper one so that you can just toss it when it dies.PS I gave it 1 star because zero stars was n't an option .
 This is the first time I have had a negative review about a Cuisinart product . Most of the electronics I have are Cuisinart , so was happy when I received this knife as a Christmas gift 3 years ago.From the first use it was difficult to get to work the first time you depressed the trigger . I just thought it was a quirk , so I ignored it , and continued to use it . As time went on , it became more difficult , and some times would work and others would not.Today however , I was going to slice homemade bread , and the trigger just popped completely off , and was not able to get it back on , so it went in the trash.Will NOT get another Cuisinart knife !!!!!
 I maybe used this knife 10 times and kept it stored in the box it came in . Well the trigger is now broken and ca n't be reattached . If only it was built stronger . I would not buy this knife .
 I 've had this knife less than six months and it just stopped working . I 've only used it to slice bread , nothing else , and really loved it when it was working . Now , I 'm forced to use a bread slicing knife which is very much a hassle for me , as I do not have great strength in my hands . I 'm getting another electric knife but it certainly wo n't be made by Cuisinart , although all of their other products that I own are just fantastic ! I am SO disappointed in this product !
 Having an electric knife which we bought about 20 years ago from the UK , we decided we 'd like to have one that did n't need a transformer and this knife looked stylish and sturdy . We used it less than ten times before it failed to turn on . It was outside the warranty period so an engineering friend said he take it it apart -LRB- the housing is plastic -RRB- to see just what the problem was . Since I was going to throw it out , I did n't mind that he had to actually break the housing to get into the mechanics and I was curious to see what was inside . The inner workings are so cheap and poorly engineered that I am not surprised it failed . I paid over $ 50 for the knife at Costco so definitely feel Cuisinart is ripping the customer off . I guess quality control is almost non-existent these days and it is all about the enormous mark up . I am back to using our original knife with the transformer and am now very wary about anything that has the Cuisinart logo on it .
 I bought this knife to cut homemade bread . I needed an electric knife with blades long enough to reach across the entire loaf . Believe it or not , many knives I looked at had blades just a little too short . For those who need to know , the bread cutting blades for this model are 7.5 '' long . I measured just the useable cutting part of the blade . The overall blade is longer after the cutting guard so it can be mounted on the handle . Unfortunately , I do not have the meat blades , so can not tell you the length of those.I 've had this knife about 1.5 years and use it once a week to slice up a loaf of homemade bread . Cutting-wise , it works fine . Not that it 's too difficult to slice bread ! :-RRB- The loaves I cut have a medium-hard crustiness and the knife is fine with that . The blades are still nice and sharp.I have never used the meat blades , so can not comment on those.I do n't want to store my electric knife on the counter , so the stand was not important to me . I tossed it . I store the blades with my other knives -LRB- in a knife block -RRB- and the handle in a kitchen drawer.I 've never owned an electric knife before this one , so I do n't know how noisy they typically are . This model , however , is very noisy . You are not going to have a conversation with someone while cutting with this knife!So , why did I rate this knife so poorly?The handle design is terrible . I have slightly larger than average hands for a woman , but it is really hard to get a good grip on this knife because of the large bulbous handle design . I end up holding the handle way up by the neck where it is narrower . By the time I 'm finished cutting one loaf of bread , I have a hand cramp from holding the knife in such an awkward position . What were they thinking with this design ?? If you are a woman with average -LRB- or small -RRB- hands I 'd find this knife locally and try it out before buying . -LRB- PS - I bought this at a local store , so can not comment on Amazon shipping -RRB- .
 Expensive junk ! It is amazing how poorly made this product is . I used this knife for the first time last evening and half way through carving a large stand up rib roast the blades stopped working and the motor kept running.Upon inspection , I found that a plastic gear connected to a steel worm gear had stripped . I ca n't believe some idiot designer would combine a critical steel gear with a plastic one ; the unit was doomed from the start . Cuisinart , which made a name for itself by producing quality products certainly has fallen into shoddy manufacturing.I would recommend this item only to those who want to cut pudding , anything harder is bound to destroy this flimsily constructed product . Ugh!Needless to say I am returning this in exchange for the Black and Decker EK700 which is highly recommended by `` Cooks Illustrated '' and is less than half the price .
 On it 's second use the linkage that moves the blades broke leaving the motor to spin freely . Very light weight mechanism .
 This knife is noisy . Had a 20 year old electric knife that had a better handle and was half as loud . I was hoping for a huge improvement to the old knife but it feels like I have a power tool . The cutting is ok and gest the job done but sometimes I just want to shut if off because it 's so loud .
 I have owned two of these knives and both , in a short amount of time , stopped working . I would not recommend purchasing this knife .
 Poorly made product - Motor gears -LRB- plastic -RRB- broke while cutting meats and fruit . Did not last long . I 'd opt for an alternate , the next time .
 This Cuisinart knife is beautiful and worked fine , when it worked . After about two years of very light service , the trigger started failing to start the knife action . I tried everything to correct the electrical problem . For awhile , I could get it started by pulling on the electrical cord while holding the handle down , hard against the counter top . Finally , nothing would make it start running . I also tried disassembling it to find the loose connection . Disassembly turned out to be very difficult so I gave up .
 Loved this knife at first but then ... after maybe 5-6 uses it died during use . I had been cutting a 4lb brisket and it was too much for the measly motor . The handle got hot halfway through the job and it just stopped . I wo n't purchase another .
 This knife worked great but then the 4th time we went to use it , it did not work . Jiggling the blades around made it work once but then it quit again . My wife was very unhappy when she needed this for Thanksgiving and it did n't work . Maybe we got a dud but I would not buy another one and roll the dice on it .
 We have only used our knife about five times . We had the same problem as the other reviewer , where the blades stopped moving and the motor was fine . Unlike the other reviewer , we never got it hooked on bones or anything else . It simply stopped moving . We did n't bother to open up the housing . Sad to have to add it to the landfill .
 From the day I bought this knife it put out an electrical burning smell but it always worked fine . Well , I was cutting a loaf of semi-frozen bread and it started smoking !! Really Cuisinart ?? And just after the three year warrantee ended . POS ! The last one I owned lasted twenty years . This &#34; top of the line &#34; just over three . Do n't waste your $ $ .
 way overpriced . not very well made . trigger going bad . time to throw it out and get a different chinese-made piece of crap .
 I bought this knife at a kitchen store and paid the full price thinking that because it was Cuisinart it would be better quality and worth the money . WRONG ! It 's been so far the biggest piece of crap I have ever bought . It broke after less than three months . I was able to use it only about 6 times and of those 6 times I had to shake it and bang it on the counter to get it to work . -LRB- No , it 's not that I forgot to remove the safety catch . -RRB- My husband and I are going to remodel our kitchen this year and I will make sure not to buy anything made by Cuisinart . Trusting the Cuisinart name -LRB- which I will never do again -RRB- I threw away the packaging , expecting the product to last at least a good two years . -LRB- my last non-Cuisinart carving knife lasted 5 -RRB- and now I ca n't return this piece of crap and get my hard-worked $ 80.00 back . It is worth less than $ 1 , which is probably what it cost them to have it made . These manufacturers are availing themselves of the cheap global workforce -LRB- in this case China -RRB- to increase their profit margins at the expense of the U.S. consumer . What they do n't realize is that they are flushing their reputations down the toilet . I will never buy Cuisinart again . I would n't be surprised if the good reviews were written by Cuisinart employees .
 Purchased this knife set as a gift only to discover that I needed to pay an additional $ 150 so that it could be used in Australia . So , the total spent was around $ 200 . Conversion was not mentioned in the ad so I am extremelu disappointed & way out of pocket as I could have purchased the same unit in Australia for $ 85 .
 The trigger switch broke the thrid time I used it . Poorly made .
 They seal well and I can close them -LRB- some force -RRB- , however opening them is nearly impossible . We have all tried and have come to the decision that this must be a design flaw . The small lip is painful on your fingers . They really should have put a little finger lip that you could get your finger under or a slightly larger lip . Right now the lip just is painful.I have purchased some Rubbermaid serving savers which are much nicer to open and close .
 It is very difficult to get the blade on this can opener to pierce cans to initiate the opening process . This limits its use , particularly for larger soup cans , where often the old manual can opener needs to be used . I am unimpressed and would not recommend this item .
 I completely agree with the reviewer from Portland . It is very difficult to get the can lined up properly and the cutting started.Also , this unit produces a particularly sharp , jagged and nasty lid which will slice you like a razor if you are not careful.I still use it but am looking for something else .
 This can opener is too light for the job , is difficult to use , and does not cut cleanly.We bought this for my elderly mother as she has trouble with the manual can openers . She asked me to throw it away after a month .
 The service was great . The can opener , however was not so great . It was difficult to get the opener to begin cutting and when it was finished , it dropped the can on the countet top.The company readily approved a return . I have not received a refund yet , but I am confident I wil receive one soon.It was a pleasent experience even though the product was not very good .
 I have been putting up with this can opener since Dec 2001 . The longer I have it the more I hate it . It has two problems :1 -RRB- It spills the contents of the can every time it 's used .2 -RRB- The can top ends up with the most ragged cut you can imagine.It does reliably grab the can and open it , and if you do n't mind the problems mentioned above you may be satisfied .
 This product is a great idea , but it just does n't work . The container has to be completely full in order for it to work at all . The amount of force you have to use in order to decorate just one cookie is enough to wipe you out . I love that you can store the left over ingredients right inside and that the different tips can store inside when you are through , but the actual decorating is just too much work .
 Maybe it 's just me , but this little gadget just did n't work for me . I tried to decorate some cookies , but you have to have so much frosting in it to get it to come out smoothly , that it just does n't work for little jobs . Plus , I found it kind of a mess cleaning it up . Maybe if I were frosting an entire cake and had the ball full of frosting it would have worked better . Too bad , because it 's a great idea ! I think the problem is that the ball is not flexible enough to work with small amounts of frosting . As with all Tupperware products , the quality of the plastic is very good -- it just needs a little refinement .
 I love the concept of this decorator ball , easy to store and clean ... but the frostings do n't come out easily unless it 's totally full , which makes for a lot of waste.The idea is great , but just does n't work well . Stick with the old fashioned bag .
 This shelving system is very unsteady and the wire shelving does not allow small items to be placed standing . For the steadiness , it should have adjustable or rubber ends to the legs . I guess I should not have been surprised , considering it was priced so economically . If it is going to be used for towels and the like , it is worth buying . Otherwise , shop elsewhere .
 Zenith 2501W freestanding space saver over-the-toilet shelving system is below par . . do n't buy it ! Instructions incomplete and freestanding should mean stands on it 's own - without benefit of screwing to a wall ... not so with this product .
 Hard to assemble , wobbly when it is assembled -- very disappointing . We will have to secure it to a wall so it wo n't fall over into the toilet . Not happy with it .
 This machine gave out within 6 months of purchase . The pause and serve did n't work which caused coffee to pour out onto the base and over the side . Because the timer and clock function is on the bottom , the liquid caused a short of the electrical systems . It started with just the clock going crazy , but ultimately , all the electronic functions gave out . No one can fix these machines besides Cuisinart , so we just decided to buy another . Would never buy another Cuisinart machine , nor a coffee maker with the clock and electrical functions on the bottom .
 Well , we purchased this item on Saturday and for four days we had great coffee ! I like my coffee hot and this product brewed it quite hot and the carafe maintained the temperature very well . The best home brewed coffee I 've ever had - no kidding ! Then on the fourth day , after the coffee had been brewed and had been sitting for about an hour and a half - kablooey ! The thermal line exploded and coffee drained out the bottom all over the counter top.Fortunately I did n't have to deal with Cuisinart , I just returned to the store where I had purchased it and I got a refund . Now I 'm cogitating over what brew system to try next . As good as the coffee was , I do n't think I 'll buy another time bomb . Now looking for a system with a stainless thermos .
 We got this coffeemaker for Christmas and were just thrilled wtih it . The coffee was great , and boy , did it stay warm all day . The programmable feature was great too . We 've had thermal carafe coffeemakers before -LRB- other brands -RRB- and thought this was superior . This weekend , though , I had just put the empty carafe in position , ready to brew the next morning , when I heard a loud `` pop . '' It turned out the thermal lining to the carafe exploded - in a million little shards . Cuisinart 's customer service was not on until Monday , and today when I called , they asked all the questions about how I might have mishandled it -LRB- no , I did n't put cold water in a hot carafe or anything -RRB- . Then they told me I could mail everything back to them - the working machine , the shards , the carafe with the broken lining - at my expense , with an additional check for $ 10 to cover their return trip , and they would decide if they thought it was their fault or mine - and if mine , they would tell me to pay up still another $ 40 for a new carafe ! Paying $ 20 for an exploding carafe under warranty , or worse , $ 60 -LRB- $ 20 to ship round trip and $ 40 for carafe -RRB- if they claim it 's my fault , is unacceptable . We 've never had a thermos break before , after over ten years with a Black and Decker - I must say I was most disappointed in Cuisinart and think we 'll switch brands .
 We purchased this coffee maker -LRB- black -RRB- a year ago . We have already returned it once to Cuisinart and it just broke again . The first machine made coffee that had a very strange `` plastic '' after taste . We sent it back after attempting to clean it various ways . They sent us another one that had the same after taste but to a much lesser degree -- it also did n't happen with every pot . Anyway , we kept it and used it daily . It has quit working now and we are looking for another brand -- do n't want to go through the hassle of sending it back to Cuisinart . We were very disappointed with this maker -- had very high expectations because of the brand name.On the other hand , we did like the idea of the carafe . It kept the coffee hot for 2-3 hours . Wish it had been 10 cups though .
 This coffeemaker has several design flaws , and I am just about ready to throw mine in the garbage!Problem # 1
 The coffee only stays hot in the carafe for approximately 11/2 hours . My previous thermal coffee maker -LRB- Black & Decker -RRB- was much better . That coffee would remain hot for at least 4 hours ! Also , not happy with the `` Auto '' timer remaining on . There should be an indicator light letting you know that the Auto timer is active ; otherwise , it 's too easy to forget to turn it off . A few times the coffee maker brewed in the morning and there was nothing in it -- just because I forgot to turn the timer off ! On a positive note , it definitely looks great on my kitchen counter .
 This is the worst ... coffee maker I have ever had . I bought this for my office 4 months ago , and it has already stopped working-for no reason at all . It also has many design flaws . The carafe itself is extremely hard to clean , and coffee tends to collect in it . It also has a hole in the back where you pour water in so that you do n't overpour . If you happen to not be paying attention , water spills out everywhere . Also , the buttons are very flimsy , and the machine itself is made of ... plastic , giving it a general -LSB- bad -RSB- look ...
 I ca n't believe I paid almost -LSB- price -RSB- for this piece of -LSB- stuff -RSB- .1 . what good is automatic timer for brewing -LRB- at a certain time in the morning , for example -RRB- ... if i have to go put hot water in the thermos -LRB- per instructions -RRB- first to keep it from exploding ? 2 . the hole in the back is a nightmare . of course , if you overfill ... it goes all over the counter . if you are smart & just use the carafe itself to fill , unless you are really careful , you can still get a fair amount of water to clean up on your counter ... as it pours out the back unless you are pouring into to pot directly vertical from above . well , this baby is taller ... i need a step stool to fill the thing , practically ! 3 . the bubble display is a nightmare to read ... plus i have to move the pot sideways to see it . the ad says `` easy-to-read '' ... HAH ! 4 . i must use more coffee/beans ... as another person indicated here ... to get the same flavor ... wasteful .5 . to avoid breaking the precious thermos , as one person suggested , i filled it with hot water the night before ... of course making the automatic timer useless ... put the coffee & water in the coffeepot itself . well , in my sleepy stupor i have twice forgotten the hot water was in the carafe , turned it on ... & had a major mess to clean up . not to mention the DANGER of any other electrical devices or cords you may happen to have in the vicinity .6 . you must `` hold your mouth just right '' to screw on the lid ... it 's not very forgiving . do i really need to fight this too first thing in the morning ? plus , unless lid & filter container are lined up properly ... yeah ... try getting a cup without dripping . My former Mr.Coffee was much simpler & better in so many ways .7 . i 'm not pleased with the temperature of the coffee after 2 hours ... MUCH LESS 6 . YES , i kept the packaging & i will be sending it back ! & yes , i 'm annoyed at having to pay return shipping costs.DON ' T BUY IT !!!!!!!
 While the machine makes a decent cup of java -LRB- or maybe that 's just the operator -RRB- , the timer and clock have never worked , and now after a couple of months of use the `` stop and pour '' drips . I would not recommend this coffee maker to anyone .
 I bought this as a gift for my mother , who needed a new coffee machine . It seemed like a great deal , and I trusted the Cuisinart brand . My mother was happy to receive the gift but a week or two later hesitantly told me that it was a terrible coffee maker - coffee was lukewarm the moment it was made , splattered out the top , and the whole thing , being white , was stained after just a few uses . She put it away and took out her old machine .
 I originally purchased this product in December 2000 . After 3 months it stopped working - no idea why . Customer service was accomodating and we got it fixed . However , after 18 more months of use it stopped working again . We also had problems with overflow a couple times . I 'm buying something different this time .
 Makes great coffee , but ours lasted just a few months.Will not buy again . Word of advice
 If you do , then this is the coffee maker for you .
 I , too , bought this coffee maker only to have it stop working , for no reason , three months later . The Cuisinart Company replaced it , but I had to pay shipping to send them the broken unit . Six months later the new unit stopped working ! I note that a number of other reviewers have had the same problem . Obviously , this coffee maker has very serious quality control problems . Purchase at your own risk .
 I bought this in late Dec. and it stopped working after 3 months . Customer service has been accomodating so far , but it will be several weeks before we get a replacement -LRB- and a coffee msker is an appliance you MISS - mornings are tough ! -RRB- . My experience could be a fluke , but I 've never had a coffee maker just stop working before . I 've only replaced them because I 've found a better model , or the warming plate has worn out after years of use .
 I am an avid coffee-drinker and have purchased many coffee makers . This is the worst coffee maker that I have ever owned ! The reason why I bought this product was because the advertisers stated that each cup of coffee would be steaming hot . They claimed that this was possible due to the thermal carafe . This is a blatant lie ! Maybe the first cup is hot , but the rest are luke warm at best . I followed the directions to a tee , but its claim of continuous hot coffee never materialized ...
 Amazon is not responsible for the design flaws in things they sell . I bought this unit as a ` factory referb ' without warranty , so when it smoked and burned after the SECOND USE , I knew I might as well order another blender ... so I got a nice Oster unit with a food processor attachment for close to the same price as the referb.THEN COMES THE GOOD PART
 Previously owned -LSB- money -RSB- Osterizer blender for 10 years which worked just as well as this Cuisinart blender . Shortly after the warranty expired but only after 15 uses , the clutch -- which is plastic -- broke . Without the clutch , the machine is inoperable . When I called Cuisinart to inquire into repairing this product , they told me I would have to mail the blender base -LRB- motor is heavy ! -RRB- and then , only after receipt they would estimate the cost of fixing the machine . When I asked for the average cost of repair , the answer was at least -LSB- money -RSB- . In other words , for the cost of buying a new Osterizer , I could pay for another plastic clutch to be installed . No thank you . A friend of mine who owned a Cuisinart blender had the same thing happen . She now owns a KitchenAid blender and is very happy with it .
 I have Cuisinart products I like , but this was a disappointment . The plastic bottom of the container holds the blade in place , and sits on the rubber rotor on the top of the chrome base . However , both the bottom of the blade and the top of the base -LRB- where the motor is -RRB- have teeth which must mesh when you insert the top on the baase of the machine . It takes a few tries to make this work every time you replace the top on the base . What a pain.I make banana shakes , and this machine leaves chunks of banana ! It takes several tries , and even then does not always complete the job.When I try to chop things llike nuts or bread crumbs , they tend to collect in the narrow bottom around the blade and get gummy instead of chopping . I never had this problem with my old Waring.Plastic parts have a cheap feel . Next time - and I 'm sure there will have to a next time with this machine - I 'll get a good American made Waring . I do n't find a use for the multiple speeds . at all .
 We purchased the Cuisinart SmartPower blender for smoothies and light duty blending duties . It 's a nicely designed unit , very stable on the countertop , but very poor quality gear drive . After a couple dozen uses , the motor gear wheel broke , apparently a common problem on these Cuisinarts , as noted by other reviewers . Cuisinart customer service is worthless - it costs more to ship and repair the unit than to replace it.Replaced the worthless Cuisinart with a Kitchenaid . Would recommend avoiding Cuisinart blenders due to this gear design flaw .
 It broke after only using it 5 times . Move on ... buy another brand .
 I have only used this blender a few times and it now leaks out of the bottom and is no longer usable . I would not buy this blender again . It looks nice , but did not last long .
 My mother-in-law and I both had this blender . Hers broke in a couple of months . I was lucky that mine lasted a couple of years . It is a great blender for crushing ice for smoothies/icees , etc. , however it has a flaw that the piece that the pitcher sits on when it spins is made out of plastic . It eventually cracks from the heat/friction produced . I bought the Oster Beehive blender to replace it , and it has a metal piece beneath it and I have had it for a few years now with no problem . I am even happier with the Oster Beehive blender , as it is a much better quality blender which will last a lot longer than the Cuisinart one -LRB- it was also cheaper -RRB- , and it crushes ice exactly as good if not better than the Cuisinart blender .
 I typically think of Tupperware as having a good , long lasting product because of the quality with which its made . This carrier , however , is cheap & the way it holds together is flimsy . On more than one occasion the clips on the side have come undone & have caused me to drop a perfectly good cake on the floor & lose it . I 'm in the market for a new one -LRB- different company -RRB- because this one does not hold together & I 'm sick of losing my creations as I walk out the door with them !
 I hate this cake carrier . The locks that hold it together come undone easily , allowing your cake to drop to the ground . Mine broke , and Tupperware did not replace it . Do n't buy this .
 I bought this exact ice cream scoop a few years ago , and it immediately started pitting real bad . The tupperware lady told me it was nothing to worry about ... and I believed her . Just recently , I realized it looked like it had been eaten by acid , -LRB- I had followed the washing directions -RRB- . During a trip to my mom 's house , I realized hers was equally as bad , which led me to believe that there is perhaps a material flaw in this model . I called a new tupperware lady , and I got a replacement scoop for my old one . I was very pleased with her customer service , and am more pleased with the new one . I would rate my new one a 5 , because it has already outperformed this particular model . I did love this one , for all the reasons others did , -LRB- weight , scoopability , shape etc. -RRB- but was very concerned , wondering if we were eating the metal that was flaking off ... Buy the new one !
 Why would anybody in their right mind make an ice cream scoop that you ca n't throw in the dishwasher and have to wipe off right away due to the product it was intended to be used for will cause it to pit?What are they thinking ? That is like making a gas can that will melt after you put gas in it ! How many thousands and thousands of these have they had to warranty ? If they would have made it right the first time , they probably would have saved a lot of money.Don ' t waste yours ! Buy some other brand !
 Yes , the Tupperware scoop lives up to most of it 's claims . But I want to share with you that there is a better scoop out there . The Tupperware scoop is very heavy and requires you to run it under hot water first . The Pampered Chef has a scoop very similar to this that uses the heat from your hand and is immediately ready to slice right through even the most frozen of icecreams . No , I 'm not a consultant , just a happy customer . One word of warning for both of these products
 Do n't recommend it . I 've had the scoop for a few years and noticed the metal finish is deteriorating . I know it was expensive . . Do n't waste your money .
 Although the DLC-1BC Mini-Prep Food Processor chops and processes food well enough , the safety system makes this processor difficult to use . The safety system prevents the motor from running unless the base is in a certain position , along with the lid being closed and also locked in a certain postion . This is impossible to do with one hand . It is often extremely difficult to with both hands . At times , the lid can be closed in what seems to be the correct position , yet the safety still prevents operation of the processor .
 I was very disappointed in this item from Tupperware . In the old days , I purchased tupperware which was manufactured top rate . Everything fit perfectly ... after 30 years I still use some of the pieces . The lid on this item did not fit properly , and the lit for the small pour spout did not fit either . I could never get it closed . It sits in my drawer as a substitute for a measuring cup .
 This item was stated as tupperware but is not . It is chinese knockoff and they do n't work . The lids do n't fit . They are completely useless .
 I received the item and was pleased to find that the product is sturdy -LRB- I had previously used the tupperware cup shake and lasted for a few years , until I accidently grinded the top cover -RRB- . However , this new tupperware cup shake took me a good few mininutes to forcefully fit the lids -LRB- one for the cup , and the other one for the top lid -RRB- initially because they did not fit . And it continues to give me hard time to close it each time I open to drink out of it . I 'll return the item .
 Total ripoff . The lid is too tight for bottle . At this moment , I can not use this item and i consider this item trash .
 my main problem with this cup is the lid is absurdly difficult to get on . I was amazed at how much trouble I had considering this is a name brand cup . I suspected the problem could be me , so I handed it off to a male to see if he would have equal trouble as well - and he did.The cap on top of the lid takes so long to coax into place that the only way I 've deemed this cup usable is to just leave it closed all the time . Other than that the cup seems to be fine . The markings -LRB- c , oz , and ml -RRB- are clear and readable . It is also easy to clean -LRB- if using protein powder it is probably best to rinse it out right away -RRB- , though I can not say how it fares in a dishwasher . If you do not want a cup that is a hassle to put together and you are just making simple shakes , you will probably want to look elsewhere .
 The tupperware was useless because the top was too small for the bottom . I am left to think that this seller is running a scam.I wish someone had told me before I threw 25 dollars down the drain .
 Not pleased . Shaker lid and spout lid are so tight they are almost impossible to close , rendering it unsafe for shaking . Would not buy again nor recommend .
 I ordered 2 containers . When they came the lids did not fit on either container and the small caps did not fit either . A rip off . Suggest you not buy this product !
 I ca n't get the lid to go on this shaker . Without the lid , it is n't much use for shaking . I have slight tendonitis in one hand but mostly full use of it and it was far too difficult to get the lid to seat properly . Therefore I wo n't use it , making it a total waste of money .
 I bought this when the seller stated it ` does not leak ' . . but it did leak . . so I contacted Tupperware , as it is their product . . My correspondce with Tupperware : I purchased the Tupperware marinade container recently through Amazon . I have search in stores in my area for this kind of container with no luck . I finally decided to get it from an online purchase , I was very disappointed to find that the first time I used it it leaks at the locking seal when turned over . It made a pretty good mess in my refrigerator . This is not what was claimed in the specifications.See belowTupperware Season-Serve Marinating Containerby Tupperware4 .7 out of 5 stars See all reviews -LRB- 15 customer reviews -RRB- | Like -LRB- 2 -RRB- Price
 Received the shipment in a weeks time . When product arrived , it was not packed adequately for shipping hence recieved it broken . Currently trying to ship it back .
 Buy it only if you want to return it !! or you like to take crappy stuff off the market !
 Well the blender still works . No cracks in the base there like others have reported . It 's glass and heavy and seems to work very well still . The food processor on the other hand has cracked multiple times . If fell on a plastic tile floor and broke off a small piece . It also cracked when my wife put the feeding tube piece in backward and pressed slightly . This was a $ 100 wedding gift we thought would last longer than a year considering our regard for the brand . No longer . `` Cuisinart '' now means `` Cuisinjunk '' to us .
 I received this item as a Christmas gift , and was so excited I could not wait to use it . The first two days it worked great , and the blender was excellent . The third day , while attempting to grate cheese , the safety mechanism broke off , and the food processor motor burned out . The blender worked great , but I did n't really need another one of those . So I returned the whole thing . My advice , spend a few extra dollars and get two separate appliances .
 THIS MACHINE SEEMED TO BE HANDY BECAUSE IT HAD TWO APPLICANCES IN ONE . IT WORKED INITIALLY THEN BROKE AND THE COST OF SHIPPING TO REPAIR IT WAS NOT WORTH THE HASSLE . PLEASE SAVE YOURSELF MONEY !!!
 You might think that you 're saving space by getting this appliance , and you 're right - you 'll be saving lots of space because this product is going to end up in the garbage . My food processor became defective after 3 uses . The food processor blade got stuck on the gear box stem in a funky position , so it wo n't work turn , and it refuses to come off.Even if you do n't have any problems , the food processor is wholly inadequate for most humanoid life forms . I kidded myself into thinking I would n't mind pureeing my butternut squash soup in six batches , or making pesto in three batches . I was wrong.The blender is like your coworker who does just barely enough not to get fired . And the button controls are like the food processor/blender version of Windows Vista - confusing , clunky and counterintuitive.Cuisinart seems to be using the inkjet printer business model with this product , where they suck you in with an affordable price and then slam you with their $ 20 toner cartridges . Make money on the machine , and then keep on making money with parts that break and need replacing.Invest in a real food processor and blender . You 'll thank yourself .
 I got this blender as a Christmas gift 11/2 years ago . It looked very nice and the glass jar and base were sturdy . I used it mainly for smoothies -LRB- and Margaritas over the summer ; used the food processor part just a couple of times -RRB- . However , I noticed that just after a few uses , it began struggling , to the point that I was adding one fruit at a time or one or two ice cubes at a time , not to bog down the motor which seemed to be in CHF . Recently , it just died ... Now , I am in the market for another blender . After reading many reviews , I am going to purchase another Cuisinart -LRB- SB-5600 -RRB- . I 'll keep you posted .
 We received this blender for our wedding , and used it for blending smoothies and crushing ice for drinks . We loved it until the motor quit suddenly within the first year . The store was kind enough to replace it , and we loved our second one for almost six months , when it died . We exchanged it again , but it also died within a year . We just celebrated our third anniversary , and have gone through three SmartPower Duets in that time . I know , it sounds like we abuse the blender , ask it to blend rocks , beat it with a baseball bat , but the truth is we only use it for fruit , ice , and juice . In my opinion , a blender should be able to handle this.I would NOT recommend this product unless Cuisinart does something about making the motor last longer than a year . You 'll be buying a new one soon !
 I read the reviews on this pretty thoroughly before purchasing it . I did check the plastic base of the pitcher - and like someone else mentioned , I too found a hairline crack . I called the company and they gave me no problem - they are sending a new one . I have still used it a few times , and it seems to work great . We are very happy with it so far - it is a million times better than our last blender.UPDATE
 I really thought Cuisenart was a reliable brand so purchasing the blender seemed logical . Well , the second time we used it , my kitchen began to fill with smoke and the machine 's engine burned up . I wish I had kept my old blender but I was n't that wise . I really feel like this is a total waste of money .
 We purchased the Cuisinart Smart Power Duet from Amazon . The unit seemed to be well designed and worked well at first . After very limited use -LRB- less than 50 times -RRB- it no longer works . You can press the power button and an indicator light blinks as advertised . When a function is selected , the unit runs for a second and then it shuts down . There would appear to be a problem with this model .
 I bought this so I 'd have 2 appliances in 1 without taking up too much space in my kitchen , but I now wish I would have just opted for higher quality separates . Both the blender and food processor work well enough -LRB- although I have a tendency to overfill the food processor 's small capacity bowl , but that is a personal issue -RRB- , but the real problem I have is with the noise . I use the food processor more than the blender -LRB- which is a tad quieter -RRB- and I literally have to leave the room if I am going to run it for more than 30 seconds or so . It is so loud it makes my ears ring if I stand beside it while it runs . I do n't think I have a defective unit , however I have n't contacted Cusinart to complain so I do n't know for sure . I find myself not using it as often as I would like to due to the noise . I have a 6 month old and a 2 year old and it makes both of them cry when it runs -LRB- neither are scared of the vacuum or any other noisy appliance -RRB- .
 I ordered the product as a housewarming gift to my son . However , I was embarrassed when I enthusiastically opened the gift in front of him and tried to make a milkshake as It would not turn on !!!! We both tried different buttons and changed the plug several times to make sure it receives electricity but still could not turn it on . Angry and frustrated , I do not know how to deal with this issue . Please let me know if I can get a replacement or my money back without spending too much on postage ! Are you going to refund me for the post charges?ThanksShayestehA disappointed mum
 It sounds like a good idea , to combine two appliances on one base , but Cuisinart should really stick to one thing at a time and do it well . We only used the food processor twice . Not only does it slice veggies so thin , they might as well been puree , but more seriously , the plastic bowl cracked from the center where it sits on the spindle . Quite a disappointing product .
 I 've had mine for 2-3 months , and I 've used it maybe 10 or so times . So far it has continued to work for me , although there are plenty of reviews suggesting the life of the unit is pretty short . I 'd have to say my biggest complaint is that hearing protection is needed if you intend to use it as a food processor . Without exaggerating , it makes my ears ring after less than a minute of use . I know that food processors and blenders are inherently louder than regular appliances , but this is louder than most lawn mowers .
 I made margaritas in this blender and every time I poured some out , it would spill down the outside of the pitcher and get all over the counter and floor . Why on earth would a company sell something like this . It made for a very sticky mess . Bad business . Looking for a better pitcher that pours . I would n't even sell this to someone . Its going on -LSB- ... -RSB- along with a description of the frusterating problem .
 This duet blender seemed just dandy until I started blending shakes daily , using ice . Then it went to hell in a hurry . It burned right out , despite having an ice setting . Smoke issued from the bottom and it was too scary to use anymore .
 Geez where to start with this horrible object : The blender assembly is plastic and breaks easily ... within four months of daily use in our case.The base of the jar has a sharp taper that creates a void around the blades , meaning frequent stops to jam food down into the blades.Smells like ozone.Sounds like a lawnmower.Avoid .
 What a piece of junk ! I used it maybe four or five times before it broke . I bought it at Costco so I will be taking it back . It is also bone-shatteringly loud , and blends very slowly . Stay away .
 Had high expectations for this brand-name product . Pretty disappointed . The single biggest drawback is the noise . The blender is so loud it scares our pets into hiding . A small jetliner taking off in our kitchen is about the best way to describe it . And for the money , it really does n't perform above and beyond the most average of blenders/processors . Blending is n't click and go , I find I have to constantly adjust the speed and check the contents a few times and go again before achieving the results I want . Also , while blending or processing , it gives off a slight smell of burning metal -- even after two years of use . As soon as we can garage sale this thing , I 'll be buying something else . Something much , much quieter .
 Hi , I have had this for over 2 years now . . initially it worked ok . . but after about 2 years it started having lots of issues . . very loud noise . . pieces of black seem to come out of the base motor . . finally the base stopped working completely ...
 Had this for a few months and already its broken !!! Not good for smoothies if you use any thing frozen . . Good for homemade baby food . .
 What a useless appliance ! It smells like its going to catch fire every time i use it . The blender blades bent on me when i tried to make a smoothie with ice cubes . Totally useless !
 Product worked well for the few times we used it in the nine months before it crashed . Read your warranty ! You pay return shipping plus send a check for $ 10.00 . Our first Cuisinart Processor/Blender was great for 10 years . Of course it was made by Cuisinart in th US . Now the company is owned by Conair -LRB- has always produced junk -RRB- in China . Caveat Emptor ! Enough Said .
 When selecting the food processor tab is noise is awful , is even painful for you ears , I have to use ears protectors
 I purchased the SmartPower Duet blender/food processor FPB-5 series 3 months ago and loved it . Easy to use and I did use it daily . . it 's the perfect size . In making my morning smoothie something in the base/motor `` clinked '' . . I could hear pieces of metal rolling around inside , but it still worked ... although it made strange noises . I knew it was a matter of time before it stopped working so I called Customer Service and they informed me I would have to send it to NJ , at MY cost , and enclose a $ 10 check for it 's return if they could fix it . I purchased a Cuisinart product in good faith and because of my history with other products from them . NO MORE !
 My wife and I bought one of these , and the food processor broke within a few weeks . The plastic piece that turns the blade was made out of cheap plastic and just snapped in half . We returned it , and made the unfortunate mistake of buying a new one thinking that the cuisinart reputation was good enough to give them another chance thinking that maybe we just got a bad unit ... The new one also was n't that great , and we stayed away from the food processor attachement . the blender was loud , and would leak when we would pour the shakes out . It finally just broke again today after only a few months of use . The rubber piece at the bottom that turns the blades has stripped and is now broken . Were going to try an return it again , but either way we will not be buying a new one .
 I bought my Duet combo food processor / blender several years ago but I got rid of it within a few months . The blender had a really flat bottom and did n't feed food down towards the blades very well , it was really loud , the motor was n't very strong and the food processor stopped working right away . I purchased it at Bed Bath and Beyond , and I wondered about the low price . Now I know why . I liked the idea of the combination to save counter space , but I ended up going back to my original -LRB- over 15 year old -RRB- Cuisinart food processor that is smaller , melted , stained and has a dull blade . It 's still better than the duet!I complained online to Cuisinart and they called me several times and left a number for me to call . When I called it they acted like they did n't understand why I was calling . They try to act like they have good customer service , but they do n't . I called several times but could n't get anyone to listen to my complaints , so I do n't understand why they bothered to contact me in the first place.I do n't understand why Cuisinart continues to sell this product . It gives them a bad name . I know that some of their products are reliable , but not this one !
 I liked this product at first -- made a smoothie pretty quickly and minimal problems chopping up frozen food . The noise level varied quite a lot from the beginning . Sometimes it was very loud and other times quiet . The plastic part of the blade broke about 9 months in , but it was easily replaced ordering a new one . However , after about 1 year the motor has dropped and no longer mates with the blade housing and the blender is no longer usable .
 I agree with many of the other reviews - Our blender worked beautifully until we began using it to make smoothies . We replaced the gear drive once and it broke again . I think that the plastic just is not strong enough to withstand the strain of making smoothies with frozen fruit over time . We have replaced it with an old fashioned blender with metal parts that I found at an outlet store and it has worked wonderfully .
 In the effort to save space we settled for this dual blender/processor . It was great for about 1 usage and then the food processor would n't work . It first whined so loud my dog went and hid upstairs in the closet until I was finished . The next time I tried to use it , the blade would n't fit into the processor container . When it finally fit , it would n't actually turn the blade . Everything was positioned correctly , but it still to this day wo n't turn.Don ' t buy this . Awful .
 I have had this blender for about 11/2 years . The blender looks very good and with the food processor attachment , it would surpass the expectations of any consumer . But wait , you all need to know the truth.I bought a brand new blender from Amazon and was happy with my purchase . The motor is loud but it did it 's job . In about 2 months , the blade assembly became hard to rotate and so , the motor had to do too much extra effort to rotate the blade . In the next use , I realized the blade assembly jammed and would n't move . I thought I received a faulty unit and bought a new blade assembly from the company directly.Again the blender worked great but only for about 2 more months . Same thing happened again and the blade assembly jammed.I did n't want to buy another blender so I bought yet another blade assembly . This time , it lasted for about 3 months and it jammed again.I actually want all the customers to stay away from this awefully designed blender . I can not believe Cuisinart came up with this product and has done nothing to resolve the issue even after more than 3 years of it 's introduction . I am now shopping for another blender and will let you know if I come up with something nice and RELIABLE .
 I bought this as I liked all the bells and whistles . I used it lightly for only one season . The it went caput . No one would fix it as it was not worth fixing . Now I have all the `` bells and whistles '' occupying my kitchen space . Typical `` made in China '' cheap junk . Save your money and go elsewhere .
 I agree with other one star reviews . I thought this a great blender to register for because of the dual food processing and blending . I do n't believe that the motor is strong enough to be a food processor . I called Cuisinart and it 's out of warrenty , so they 'd like me to mail it in , so they can tell me how much they 'll charge me to fix it ... screw that , for my time and money , I 'll just go purchase a new product .
 This was junk right out of the box . On day one it produced a slight odor , and although I really knew better , I wrongly dismissed the smell as a byproduct of the break in period . It was stupid not to return it , but at the same time , good quality control does NOT include using the consumer as the test agent . Good quality control means that well over 99.8 % of the appliances that reach the consumer will work well , and work well out of the box.Two years later our machine has given up the ghost . That 's about $ 40 bucks a year for the opportunity to use a blender/food processor . Too muchee money for the privilege . This is the second Cuisinart appliance that died way before its time . Our 30 year old , stainless , Cuisinart skillets are excellent , but our experience with the Cuisinart countertop appliances is just plain rotten . Cuisinart 's ability to manufacture decent appliances is highly suspect . Fool me once , shame on you , but fool me twice , shame on me . Sorry Cuisinart , but never , never , ever again .
 As other reviewers , we loved this blender until it broke . It was quiet , powerful , simple to use , and looked great . The food processor was the perfect size , and very useful.The only complaint in using it was the base unit on the blender jar was hard to get off at times . Also , the plastice silver coating was wearing off.After 1.5 years of moderate use -LRB- mainly smoothies -RRB- , the plastic gear connecting the motor to the blender shattered . Luckily we bought ours at a retailer that we could return it to.If Cuisinart ever fixes this defect issue , we would definitely buy it again . Until then an expensive Osterizer is working well for us .
 This is my first time I 've ever taken the time to write a review - but I ca n't say enough bad things about this blender.It is loud ! 4 doors closed , and it still manages to wake the baby up as the sound permeates every inch of the house and to my inner soul.It smells ! After every blend you get the smell of burnt rubber but it 's just the heavy duty motor.It spills ! Every time I try to pour a smoothy I manage to get a large part of it to spill down the edge . Never had this problem with the el cheapo blenders.Difficult to attach ! If you do n't get the food processor blade to seat just right , when you try to put it onto the motor things just latch up . I end up having to pull out all of the food - wiggle the shaft loose , and then start over again.Only good thing I can say about this thing is that it looks nice on the counter top . Just do n't try to use it . I often resort back to the Braun food processor I bought for $ 20 .
 My wife and I have a blended shake everyday with ice , protein , fruit , water , and yogurt . We 've had this blender for about six months and from the very begining we wanted to throw it against the wall for one very simple reason - it does n't do it 's job . It takes a very long time to `` crush '' ice . The reason I say `` crush '' is becuase it does n't really crush it unless you let it run for over 5 mins . That 's too long for a blender . It also leaks from the bottom . I 've tried everything to stop it from leaking . Cleaning it is a pain as well . This product sucks !
 I was tired of all the appliances cluttering up the counter so I got rid of my heavy duty vitamix and cuisinart food processor and replaced it with this because of the cuisinart name . MISTAKE . As a blender it does blend okay and does crush ice but the food processor unit broke immediately and I am not replacing it . I miss my vitamix because it was more sturdy and did a better job with heavy blending jobs . I see now that Oster has a blender/food processor combo and I may see if that works better.The point is
 I thought I was killing two birds with one stone when I placed this combo on my wedding registry . I can honestly say , it 's the only thing I absolutely hate that I asked for . It is loud , ineffective , and the processor never really worked . Did I say loud ? I 'm not kidding when I tell you that my ears HURT when I use it ! I wish I had never given up my old Kitchenaid blender . I finally threw away the processor parts and ordered the Kitchenaid KFP750 . I will also toss the blender when I buy a new one . I wo n't even donate it . I would n't do that to any charitable organization !
 I used the food processor once , and it was OK . A little hard to get the lid on & off , but otherwise OK . The next time I went to use it -LRB- this would be the second time -RRB- , the lid would NOT come off . After an hour of trying everything to extract my poor food , my boyfriend had to get out a hammer to pry the darn thing apart . I do n't really ever use the blender , so I 'm not an expert there , although when I did use it , it did n't seem to do the best job.I would definitely recommend getting separate products to do the different jobs . I tried to save money , and it back-fired , because now I have wasted $ 100 .
 -LRB- I bought from Macy 's , not Amazon . -RRB- I use the food processor more than the blender and have been disappointed with its design and performance . In order of importance :1 -RRB- It is extremely LOUD . So loud , I wear ear plugs while using it for more than a 10-15 seconds at a time . Lest you think my hearing is delicate , I saw Jimi Hendrix perform live back in the day .2 -RRB- There is no slow speed . Stir is very fast , and it goes up from there .3 -RRB- As others have noted , the parts break too easily . We already replaced the bowl and now handle it with kid gloves .4 -RRB- My previous food processor had a split pusher block which helped -LRB- a lot -RRB- when feeding carrots and other narrow veggies . The Cuisinart lacks this simple feature which means I foolishly guide the food down the feeder chute with my hand .5 -RRB- For some reason the rubber feet stick to everything . If we leave it on the counter for too long , the feet come off when we pick the base up.It gets two stars because it does process food and blend , but so much else is a dissappointment . Do n't buy this product .
 Broken after 11/2 years . Not terribly efficient - when making baby food for my daughter ALWAYS ended up with lumps no matter how often I stirred the mixture , tipped it up etc. . Motor became really whiny - definitely not robust enough for frequent pureeing of baby food . A big disappointment .
 I bought this appliance and was shocked to find out that the plastic part that turns the machine was cracked and unable to be used . I have not been able to use the product at all .
 Blender is terrible , returned it without ever using processor.Why bother paying for half a machine ? I was so dissapointed by the lack of job the blender did I returned it without ever using the processor part.Blender jar is to wide , then goes in real narrow like small bowl around bottom of blades -LRB- but you ca n't see that in picture because of big thick bulky plastic bottom that screws on heavy glass jar/unit -RRB- , it would be more of a ` chipper ' flinging stuff about on the top parts of the blades without ever really getting down to business.Terrible .
 This is my 4th blender - This blender lasted 30 days - luckily under the 60 day warranty . We have smoothies once a day and the moter burned out . Is there a blender out there that can handle smoothies ??!!
 i got one after reading numerous reviews and used it very infrequently for 2 months - motor blew out last week , it could n't handle a think fruit smoothie ... i am trying again -LRB- just got it exchanged -RRB- but with little hope this time
 I make protein shakes every morning for breakfast with ice cubes , frozen fruit , protein powder and milk . The food processor function did a decent job of breaking up the ice and frozen fruit . The stir function was a joke , because it did n't do anything after I added the powder and milk . I ended up stirring everything my self with a spoon . After 2 weeks I noticed a strange high pitched whirring sound and a little bit of clacking , like the base motor was spinning uncontrollably after I stopped the blender . Two weeks later the whirring and clacking became 50x louder and sounded like a loose part was spinning around inside the base . I thought the base was going to explode in my face . This piece of junk is going in the trash .
 Working bowl broke after grating cheese the first time ! Customer support would not warranty the product or stand by it 's product.The problem with this unit is the plastic is extremely cheap .
 I really liked it until the motor gave out . I have n't put particularly heavy use on it , but have used it fairly regularly and liked the results . It is somewhat problematic trying to get everything to mix thouroughly if you do n't add a fairly substantial amount of liquid , but that is typical for a blender . Also , it is loud , but also at a level typical for a blender.My BIG problem with it is that Cuisinart will be glad to replace the motor but I have to pay to ship it to them and then pay them $ 10 to ship it back . What kind of lousy warranty policy is that ? Granted , compared to the $ 120 sticker price , it is probably worth it , but it is almost a quarter of what it would cost to buy the the thing once the discounting from the online retailers is taken into consideration . It has shown itself to be an unreliable product and Cuisinart does n't stand behind it . What a combination !
 I 've owned this blender / food processor combo for less than 2 years and I 'm about to get rid of it . The blender has been leaky for over a year now and I rarely use the mini food-processor as it 's extremely loud and inefficient . Neither item works well and this was money totally wasted . I 'm disappointed in this brand with my experience . I own other Cuisinart products that work really well , including the 14-cup good processor which I love . Not sure what happened with this product , but it should be discontinued !
 The food processor piece was flimsy and was trash within a week . The blender was n't very strong and made an awful smell when in use . After a few months , the blender piece loosened up and leaked and it all fell apart and wound up unfixable , unreturnable trash . Avoid at all costs .
 I bought this item last fall to replace an old Kitchen-Aid I had . All in all it is a decent machine but there are several things I DONT like about it .1 . VERY noisy2 . The base of the glass blending carafe is very wide , so when blending thick smoothies or purees , the blade ends up spinning rapidly but does not really get things mixed well . I have to stop the blend and use a spoon to get the edges going again .3 . Also a BIG problem with the glass blending carafe is that the threads go the same direction as the blades . So when the machine is working hard , like on a smoothie or puree , it actually begins to unscrew from the collar and base . So I have to hold it in place . This seems like a design flaw and is very dangerous is someone isnt paying attention to their machine . When I called Cuisinart about the issue , they said the the only 8 month old machine was out of warranty so they could not replace collar , which they thought might have been stripped . Problem with that explanation is that it has been doing this from the beginning .
 Although the concept of blended appliances is great , and I like the reduced size , this machine FAILS to deliver . I literally wear earplugs to use it . An i phone app measured the decibel levels in the damaging range of around 100 . It so noisy , I HATE using it.Besides removing soundproofing , Cuisinart redesigned the top of the blade , omitting the finger grip my old Cuisinart had . It is impossible to safely remove the blade with food in the bowl . I 've had to dump the bowl , blade and all , to remove the processed food . What a mess!Cuisinart , what were you thinking ?!
 I 'm not one to write bad reviews but this machine ticked me off . Got it for Christmas motor broke in 2 months just from 10 smoothies and 2 uses on the food processor . I returned it to the store they gave me a brand new one . Only used it twice and it smells like smoke when I use it . I 'm NOT hard on my appliances and I know what can or cant do in it , but this thing cant chop ice . PLEASE do n't waste your money , these other reviews about a bad motor are very true
 We purchased this once , and the motor broke on the food processor -- we figured it was our fault for getting water in the base of the food processor . It was extremely loud when running -- the blender worked fine.We went and bought another duet for the food processor -- the same thing happened after a few months . The motor was so loud that we could n't use it . Do n't waste your time/money on this garbage . I 'll never buy a Cuisinart product again .
 My duet went into the trash this week , but I am checking the reviews anyway to see if it was just mine . The other owners all had the same problem as I did . From the beginning the loud whine was horrible and made me think there was a problem . The food processor top cracked soon after purchase followed by the safety latch piece of the lid . The blender was not strong and ingrediants had to be stirred because if you mistakenly added too much liquid they would quickly go runny . Then that smelly stench coming from the whiney motor started last week and the black `` wheel '' in the base that turned the blades just ripped apart inside . It was basically all beat up from the beginning and I would have to hold it and nurse it along for the two years or less that I had it . The reasons I bought it was for the space savings as I have a tiny kitchen and the wide blender jar because I am a klutz and would not knock it over on my counter after taking it off the base . Those things in the end plus that horrible motor is what did the product in . I was very disappointed and hope this will help others avoid purchasing a lousy expensive product . Thank you .
 Regardless of any of this product 's attributes , it is absurdly , hideously and dangerously loud ! What 's the deal with that ?
 I bought one of these for $ 100 two years ago . It did not work any better than the $ 20 Durabrand one from Walmart that I had , honestly , but I was blinded by it being name brand . Did not crush ice or make smoothies well , it took a good 8-10mins of blending and constantly having to stir and mix and add more water to get things to move to get a kind-of smooth smoothie . It was lightly used , but still died after just barely two years . I contacted the company who wanted me to pay to ship the base -LRB- which hello , is heavy -RRB- to them to `` see if it 's under warranty '' -- they have it 's sn # , they know it 's still under warranty -LRB- 3 years -RRB- AND pay them $ 10 in processing fees . THEN they 'll determine if they 'll fix it or if I have to pay them to fix it . So since it 'll probably cost a minimum of $ 30 , it 's not worth it . Not to mention after days of waiting for a response from them and getting one , they do n't even provide me with the info -LRB- i.e. where to send it if I so choose -RRB- , but a number to call ! Obviously I 'm emailing you because that 's what works best for me , I do n't feel like calling some 1-800 number and waiting forever while my children are screaming in the background . I 'll never buy another Cuisinart product .
 I thought really how bad can a blender be . We they were right VERY LOUD . I think do to it being plastic not a metal base . 1st time using the food chopper , which was the first day i bought it , I chopped a few onions - took of the lid to set in sink , put it back on to chop some more and it would n't work . I thought WHAT - why ? I looked in the top of the lid and the stem that triggers the blade to spin when the lid is attached was not there . It was laying in my sink . OH MY WORD - can you imagine if it would have fallen off in what I was chopping plastic pieces everywhere . Why is this piece not actually made into the lid - why is it a separate piece which comes unglued and falls out . Terrible design . Be for warned . Not sure what other blender is good that also has a food processor . That is why i bought this . It was on sale but still for the price at Kohls over $ 100 NOT WORTH it . plastic junk
 I 've had this for a couple of years . I 'm a big fan of smoothies . Although the blades are still sharp , never once did I have a perfectly smooth result with this machine . The authorized Cuisinart repair shop I took it to said it is because the blades are housed in too deep .
 Loved the blender and processor until the plastic lid on the processor broke . A small piece of the locking mechanism made of plastic broke off .
 I have had this blender/processor for about 4 years and used it rarely until recently . I have been eating more smoothies in hopes to lose weight . It does not chop up frozen fruit - not even when i let it sit out and start to thaw . It smells like smoking plastic very often , but I saw nothing wrong . Then today I am making a smoothie with frozen cherries and all other foods at room temp . I could see the chunks of cherries spinning around and not getting chopped up . Then the power started to fade , there was a large POP ! and then it sounded like it was supercharged . I immediately turned it off and then smoke stated billowing out from under the pitcher and up out of my smoothie !!! The bottom of the blender blade that has the notches that hook to the motor 's notches . The notches on the blade where sheared off ! Needless to say , I ca n't have my smoothie.As for the food processor , I found it to be of a size that was not useful . Too small for 4 person meals and too large for 1 person meals . Never had any mechanical problems though.I would not recommend this product .
 The blender part that holds the blade broke the second time I used it to crush ice . The food processor part works ok , but the major problem is it 's extremely loud . It 's beyond the pain level . It 's so loud , I have to use hearing protection or my ears are ringing for 15 minutes afterwards . It 's louder than my circular saw .
 It seems to crush ice quickly and very well . However , that 's as much as you 'll get out of this thing . It leaked when my husband was trying to make some drinks in it . And it was extremely easy to overprocess stuff in the food processor . I tried an onion , and got onion mush , with a few hunks of unprocessed onion in the center of the bowl.Don ' t bother with this machine . Go out and just buy a separate blender and processor . I returned the duet ASAP , and bought a Cuisinart Little Pro -LRB- 3-cup -RRB- . It seems to work much better than the processor on the duet .
 After only using this blender for a few months to make smoothies , the black plastic wheel on motor base broke off . The glass blender top is large and heavy . Being glass , you worry about breaking it . The blender looks great but does not last .
 I really liked this at first , in that I did n't have to have 2 bases for a blender and food processor , and it seems to work okay , but the blades on my grating blade seem dull , and the rubber pressure absorbing piece melted -LRB- both are for the food processor -RRB- . It still works but it takes a long time . It is also really loud . I wish it worked better . Although I 'll keep using it until it completely tanks .
 I have just purchased one and I already have second thoughts as it is VERY noisy . It seems to do a good job chopping and blending but I would not use it too often unless I wanted to make contact with the dead .
 I was so excited to get this Cuisinart for Christmas as I have had other Cuisinart products in the past and have been very pleased . Not this time ! Upon taking the chopper lid out of the box it bobbled out of my hands and onto the counter top and BROKE ! And we only have old plastic counter tops . A piece that is essential to making it work literally broke off . Imagine how it would stand up to regular kitchen use . I called Cuisinart to ask if they would replace it for free since I have not even used it and they said that since I dropped it that I would have to pay for a replacement . I said no thanks . This product is headed back to the store tomorrow . I wo n't be replacing it .
 Its a great looking appliance , And that is about all , I got this one and it worked great until i made a milk shake then the motor burned out , did n't make sense to me it has ice crusher setting and it burns out making a milk shake ? what the **** . If this country has back pedaled on quality like this , I will not be buying much anymore . Do not buy this one . !!!!!!
 After owning several Cuisinart appliances I 've come to the conclusion that they are the worst on the market . Bad design , lousy functionality ... not a good buy.The body of this is plastic , the lip that locks onto the bowl broke on the 2nd use . A safety issue is that it will run even if the top is not locked on both sides . Minimal speed controls . Mostly just top speed . The blender does work ok ... and the processor does work . . it just seems like it 's a real chore to put the thing together when you need to use either of the functions . Sorry I bought this ...
 On the 2nd time I used it , the stem attachment to use with the slicing/shredding cracked and broke . I should have listened to the low reviews on this product .
 I used it once , and it smelled so bad I thought it was going to burst into flames . The motor ceased on the first use . It is a shame because I do like cusinart products .
 This blender is WAY too loud , the contents pour down the outside of the blender when you pour your smoothie into a glass , and the plastic gear shattered within a year of purchase . We used the blender a few times a week to make smoothies WITHOUT ice , just frozen strawberries . Not over use , I think . This is the second Cuisinart blender that broke in that same way . Cuisinart will repair it at no cost but I have to pay shipping there and back -LRB- $ 30 - $ 40 -RRB- . Are you kidding ?!!
 I bought this blender after comparing multiple options for a reasonably priced blender . As others have stated , the blender performance is great . I used it primarily for preparing protein shakes . It crushed the ice well and blended the ingredients into a smooth shake . Unfortunately , the gear for the blade broke in just 2 months after purchasing the product . Needless to say , I am very disappointed . The product is a good one if you can avoid what appears to be a common issue with this blender .
 I 've had the Cuisinart BFP-703CH scarcely less than three months and it is broken already . The blender portion works fine but the food processor attachment does not . The drive mechanism that connects to the base unit does not turn . There must be some kind of clutch in the food processer unit that keeps the motor from jamming when large items are placed in the basket . That clutch is no longer engaging so the base unit motor turns freely but does n't transfer the action to the food processor . With the Food processor attachment removed , one can turn the gear on the bottom freely without the shaft -LRB- that drives the food processor blades -RRB- moving at all . This looks like a manufacturing design flaw or at best a defect . It 's a shame . I bought this because I trusted the Cuisinart brand as I 've always had excellent performance from my Cuisinart Mixer . But now in checking the customer reviews more carefully , I see I 'm not the only person to have had this problem . I do not believe this is an isolated problem . Consequently I can not recommend the Cuisinart Food Processor
 I truly believe this appliance will damage your hearing if you do not wear ear protection when you use it . I never had a food processor before , and needed a new blender , so I bought this combo . Since I did n't know any better , I assumed all food processors were as loud as this one , but when friends were over , they told me , no , this one is really LOUD . It is so loud that I bought a headset ear protector that you would wear when you mow the lawn or use a leaf blower . I warn everyone in the house when I am going to use it , and never use it if somebody is asleep . If you do n't mind the noise , this is a nice little package that works fine for occasional use . I used it numerous times before I figured out there may be quieter ones out there , so I can not take it back . I would not recommend it because of the extreme noisiness of it .
 Had it for less than a year making smoothies with frozen fruit and veggies . First the plastic piece the blade is on cracked and it leaked . I replaced that for $ 25 . Not a week later the part on the base that spins broke in half . Once again plastic . For this much money you do n't expect plastic .
 They should have included earplugs in the box as this thing screams at me until you either have a headache or quit . How could anyone design a blender with a decibel level matching that of a schrill or 737 ? I was excited to recieve but very disappointed in the overall design and function , never really blends well either .
 My replacement just died . Over the life of both of my machines the blender never worked quite well and now the 2nd one has just plain died after a year . I thought Cuisinart was a good brand ! I 'll be very careful before buying one again .
 I saw a deal on this duo and bought it for christmas . The blender 's glass jar is pro worthy . The food processor 's is an average , but still good . What killed it and made me want to send it back -LRB- but needed one for the time -RRB- was that it is LOUD . Some reviews say its quiet ! ... maybe mine was broken . You can not hear a person speaking while the motor is on . Everybody , no mater which room your in , jumps when it goes on . Get it if you want to wake everybody up . Other than the noise it does what it should .
 I received this blender as a wedding gift . After taking it out of the box and ruining any chance of returning it we found that none of the attachments would fit onto the base . We decided to at least try it to see if it was supposed to be that way and it was loud , made the room smell like burned rubber , and the base leaked . Although this is the first blender i have owned , I think it is stupid to have a product be so flawed , i will never buy any other Cuisinart product .
 Try it several times , first times , the noise makes my sleeping daughter crying . Second times , I can not make all food into smoothies even after I read the instruction . So , never really use the product .
 I own this blender food processor duo , and if you are doing soft food , with alot of liquid , for a short period of time this is the machine for you.if you are into juicing/smoothies etc with solid/frozen foods than this will not work . since the 2years i have owned this cuisinart i have had to send it back to them 3 times for the motor petering out , and all 3 times they simply replaced the whole thing . its a pain in the butt having to pay to ship it off and back for an error on thier part.dont waste your money like i did , get a beville they PULVERIZE food .
 I really liked the look and feel to this blender/food processor combo . It was really very user friendly . I used it to process cooked meat for my cats . However after using it daily for 7 days it would work intermittenly . I never knew if it was going to turn on or not . Unfortunately I returned it after 10 days .
 I was mega excited to find this product at my local Big Lots discount store . Now , I 'll admit that most of their products are messed up in some capacity , but I really wanted a food processor and was in need of a blender , so at $ 40 , I was not going to refuse.Blender
 blender will leave chunks of bananas when making smoothies . processor will throw food out from under the lid and from the shaft where the blade is . very noisy , hard to take processor apart to clean . cuisinart have not lived up to their reputation with this one .
 If you are looking for a basic blender/food prep combo , it 's fine . But keep in mind the blender does n't do ice crushing very well . I just bought a 600 watt Oster with the reverse motor feature and 6 blades and it crushes ice like a champ . The food prep is good , just have to wear earplugs when you use it ... I 'm not kidding . It screams . My food prep lid broke and now I have to hold down the lid when I use it . I think it is better to just get a good blender and get your food prep processor separately
 There 's not too much to add here - good idea , poorly executed.Cons - Loud - Can not blend the frozen fruit I put in my smoothies - Feels cheap - Food processor turns onions into mush - Smelled weird at firstPros - Saves space
 For the last year , I have been using it almost daily to make babyfood for my baby . It was incredibly cheap because it appears to be made of incredibly cheap material . No sturdy glass top or heavy plastic . Instead , you get a light and easily fumbled plastic top that cracks easily if dropped . The entire unit is very light , which sounds nice , but it has the unfortunate side-effect of making it very loud -- there is nothing heavy to dampen the interminable sound of the motor -- I feel like I 'm on an air field . Finally , it does not chop as well as the old version ; it takes a good deal of time and shaking to get somethings to blend throughout.it does the job but not as quickly or easily as I 'd like.I do n't expect this to last much longer.At any rate , I recently used my friend 's top of the line cuisinart that is expressly for food processing . It slightly bigger and heavier than this model . It is far quieter and it is done processing in a couple of seconds vice a minute or so . I strongly recommend going that route .
 We got this for our wedding - it did n't take much use to figure out why its such a piece of crap .1 -RRB- The food processor is made of cheap plastic and the locking mechanism breaks easily - for us , it broke in the first six months , and once that mechanism is broken , you have to hold the processor lid down in order to get it to start . Bad design of the locking mechanism and cheap material .2 -RRB- The blender blade got locked - who knows how or why - I swear we have n't misused it , all I did was try to make a smoothie . Its now basically impossible to turn the blades of the blender . I 've tried taking it apart , but without a work bench its really not possible , since you need some kind of a clamp to hold down the piece that engages the motor while turning the nut that holds the blades in the opposite direction.Shame on you cuisine art . Do n't buy this ! I 'm never buying a cuisinart product again .
 This happened after 21/2 years - worked ok until then , but nothing to write home about -LRB- ok but not great -RRB- We can still use it - IF we want to poke a wooden spoon into the hole to turn it on . VERY disappointed - did n't expect this of a major name brand .
 We got this as a wedding present and have rarely used it . The reason why because it was always louder than a effing lawnmower . To top it off it just broke last night after trying to puree -LRB- very soft -RRB- baked sweet potatoes for my daughter 's baby food . How could soft food break a Cuisinart product you ask ? Well it did simply put and left me high and dry with a whole blender of cut up potatoes that I ended up mashing by hand ... Wonderful !!! I HATE this blender combo with a capital H and I will never buy Cuisinart product again . Do not waste your money .
 After a year of occasional use , this blender burnt out while blending something soft , filling the kitchen with awful fumes . Fortunately , it was still under warranty ; so $ 16 postal and handling fees and 3 weeks later , I received what I believe is a new replacement . I 'm still dubious about this blender . After all , My last blender -LRB- a Hamilton Beach -RRB- lasted 20 years and was still working when I sold it on Craigslist .
 I bought this blender and food processor -LSB- ... -RSB- thinking that it was a ` good buy ' . This is the worst blender I have ever owned ! It went back ! I wanted a blender with a glass jar and flat buttons that did well at blending ice for smoothies and making milk shakes . This blender makes a lot of noise/vibration and does n't do that well at blending anything . The base is stupid , its a big hollow piece of plastic and after using it 2-3 times it started to leak ! I hate all the bulky parts that come with this thing . If you need a blender just buy a blender !
 It worked great for a year of very infrequent use . if that 's all you need from an appliance this is the one for you !
 I hate this equipment . It is the worst -LRB- fill in the blank -RRB- ! Poring liquid out of the mixer without making a huge mess is impossible ! Only buy it if you are willing to clean up a huge mess every time you use it ! Good Luck !
 The design on this has some major flaws , which really surprised me given Cuisinart 's long experience in the business . The food processor lid has a full 1 '' gap between the blade and lid , where pieces of food get caught when trying to use the grater/slicer blade , and clang around inside or get stuck and stress the motor . The plastic pusher , which you use to hold food in place for grating or slicing , was for no good reason at all designed to be very slightly asymmetrical , so that it only goes in one way -LRB- but the curvature on both sides is similar , and so the correct direction is n't obvious -RRB- . The processor lid is difficult to get seated correctly . The spindle holding the slicer/grater blade into the food processor base sits on a plastic piece that is stressed when pushing down to grate or slice firm foods like carrots , and in fact this was the part on mine that failed within an hour of its first use . To be fair , I was preparing a dinner for 40 people , so I had a lot of carrots and beets to deal with , but this is also exactly what these devices are for.It 's mentioned several times that the motor on this thing is like a jet engine , and it is . It 's so loud that it is certainly a safety issue , and might damage someone 's hearing . The button mechanism for the food processor is also really inconvenient , and might pose a safety hazard . In effect , there 's no `` pulse '' option so you can have fine control , but instead you press `` on , '' then `` food processor , '' and the thing goes wild until you press `` off '' -LRB- a third button -RRB- . If you need to shut it off quickly I can imagine this might be an issue.All of this hits me in a pet peeve , I admit . When I go see a movie it particularly irks me if the writing is bad , given the kind of talent available , and the fact that good writing ca n't be much more expensive than bad . Similarly in an appliance like this I just do n't see why they bring a bad design to production , when it ca n't possibly cost a lot more to do it right . The good news is that if enough of us send our unsatisfactory machines back to Cuisinart , maybe they 'll get the message .
 My old Krups duet broke after 10 + years of hard labor so I replaced it with this product and my advise is DO NOT GET IT ! The blender works ok , does the job , but the food processor basically works as another blender , it just purees food , it does n't chop it . Every time I try to do any fine but still noticeable chopping I end up with a paste that is not even consistent because it will make juice out of some parts of the vegetable and leave other parts untouched . Now I know why I payed so much more for the Krups long ago . Plus , this thing IS NOISY ! And smells every time you turn it on . Do n't waiste $ 80 .
 Worked great , then failed . I really dislike how kitchen appliances are made to be disposable . . it is such a waste .
 My only problem with this blender/food processor is the noise . It 's so loud it scares people and I hate to use it . I kept thinking I must have done something wrong when assembling it , but that is almost impossible.They should give you earplugs with this duet or have some kind of warning .
 I replaced my cheap , Oster workhorse blender with this Cuisinart in August 2006 . It 's bulky and difficult to clean.I made coffee grounds , bread crumbs , grated parmasean cheese and pesto . Everything had large chunks.In April 2007 , I started making smoothies on a daily basis . 4 different frozen , sliced fruits and juice . I had to constantly turn the blender off and scrape the fruit down the side of the jar.A few days ago , the motor burned out.Surprisingly , it had a 3 year warranty that Macy 's is honoring . They offered to send me a replacement . I said NO ! Send me an Oster!When I send the Cuisinart back , I am NOT cleaning it out .
 I am trashing this blender . The bottom shape of the blender is too flat and it leaves chunks of ice , banana , strawberries , or whatever you are blending . The base is hard to unscrew . If you do n't screw it on tight enough , it unscrew 's itself during blending . Then all your liquid ends up all over the counter . The food processor leaves chunks above the blade when you are trying to grate items . There are small area plastic parts that latch to lock it in place for use . These broke quite easily . I will never buy another Cuisinart product . They suck . The catchy name got me to try there citrus juicer too . It was horrible .
 My little food processor is still going strong but the blender did n't last long before it started leaking everywhere every time I used it . I finally gave up and threw it away . Not for the serious cook .
 My husband and I received this blender as a wedding gift and it worked wonderfully until one day when we were making smoothies , the black piece that spins -LRB- connected to the base -RRB- completely broke ! We were very frustrated because we 've probably used the blender ten times since we received it . We were planning on getting Cuisinart to replace it , however after reading all of the reviews , I 've decided to get rid of it -LRB- it never seemed that solid anyway -RRB- and buy another blender . No blender should break after such a short period of time and to have horrible customer service in addition to the breakage is unacceptable . Blenders should last at least a good ten years or more , especially with limited usage . I would recommend avoiding all Cuisinart blenders . The normal food processors are awesome , but the blenders leave little to be desired .
 We 've had ours for a couple years . After a few uses , the plastic `` ears '' that lock the processor bowl in place -LRB- you know , after you twist it on -RRB- , broke off ... so we 've had to carefully hold the bowl in place while using it.Recently , the bowl has completely cracked , so we 're tossing the food processor parts.Now , the blender works fine , BUT as a blender alone , the capacity is far too small for its tall profile , so I think we 'll be looking for a new blender pretty soon as well.I would n't not recommend this product , unless you plan to rarely use either appliance .
 Here 's a couple things off the bat : I use this blender for heavy Indian cooking and I will compare it 's performance to my Aunt 's 30-year old glass-jar blender -LRB- Osterizer -RRB- that she still users every two days .1 . This it is noisy . Very noisy . At the food processor setting / puree you ca n't hear squat within 20 feet of this thing . - The 30-year old Osterizer is incredibly quiet in comparison .2 . This thing does not make good chutney . No matter what jar / blade / setting you use - at the end the chuteny is never ` fine ' enough and is leafy/chunky . - The Osertizer is quiet and does the job with a glass jar mixer3 . The Cuisinart glass jar always has stuff that never reaches the blade when I am pureeing spinach / coriander . - The Osterizer never misses a beatFrom what I am reading online - the new Osterizer blenders are garbage.I was recently informed by a friend , that one can get the Indian Sumeet brand mixer for about $ 100 including shipping designed for 110v . I think I am going to go with that in the next couple weeks.BTW , I 've had this blender for 2 years now .
 My wife got this because it looked cool -- black bases , stainless steel and chrome . Yeah it looked great . The problems came almost immediately though -- the lid fell onto the counter and cracked . Mind you we have * plastic * counter tops ! Also , the grating wheel has a tiny , hard to store , plastic adapter that was easily lost after a month or so . The blade just munges food into mush and never really chops .
 I really like this unit when i first got it . I had a krups blender before which i thought was horrible . Anyways it made margharittas relatively well and did everything i asked of it . The food processor attachment was also nice in that i do n't have to get the full size processor out which is a hastle . Anyways after about 1.5 years of usuage the machanim that holds the blade -LRB- the drive gear in the motor contact this within the jar -RRB- has cracked . I was making hot sauce which should n't even been difficult at all for this machine to process . I would have gave this a 4 if this mechanism had n't cracked . I will be going with another blender since so many other people have reported the same thing . To bad this could have been a great blender if cuisinart would have fixed that problem
 This seemed like a good idea but the blender which I use almost daily for smoothies died within 2 months . The blade assembly bearing seized and the friction burnt and cracked the plastic around it . I do not reccomend this unit
 I got this item as a wedding gift . I used the food processor almost daily until it broke down on me . I emailed and called Cuisinart and got no response . The blender , however , works great . This is a great product to save counter space but it is not a reliable product .
 I bought this item , thinking , like others , that the Cuisineart name meant quality . The blender broke about within about 6 months , but I kept on using the food processor . Light use , I might add . Just a few days ago , the food processor broke -- the plastic food bin snapped . This has been one of the most disappointing purchases I 've made . Plus , it is unbelievably LOUD . I 'm in the market for a more expensive , sturdy , reliable processor . You get what you pay for .
 We 're shopping for a new blender on Amazon and thought we 'd fulfill our civic/Amazon obligation to warn everyone away from this mistake that we made not too long agoNow that the blender jar base has cracked and it wo n't hold liquids , we can finally write off this piece of junk and get something less pricey and , with any luck , less disappointing in every way , including :1 . noiseThis is the loudest kitchen appliance we 've ever heard , and that 's even including vacuum cleaners , if you are messy enough to keep one in the kitchen . With the food processor mounted on the base , in particular , the sound is really a risk to your hearing . No matter the blending speed you use , your neighbors will know you 're up to something , if they live within a country mile , so maybe this can be a moneymaker if you charge for drinks , say . And that would be good since you will need the money to invest in earplugs and hearing aids .2 . shoddy constructionWe 're buying a new blender because the base broke , and that 's even though we used it exceptionally infrequently , on account of the noise , so it did n't get unscrewed and re-screwed back on all that often3 . not all that great a blenderCa n't speak to the food processor -LRB- b/c we 've never owned one before -RRB- , but the blender I use in my classroom at school that I bought on our $ 19 departmental budget for lab use is much quieter and makes quick work of ice for smoothies . -LRB- Sometimes i stretch the definition of lab supplies and educational activities . Do n't worry ; I only use it for edible lab supplies -RRB- Actually , shoddy construction may not be a problem , in this case , since it 's allowing us to get rid of the thing with no qualms , finally
 Worked great at first and was not too loud . Now after four years and not much use we decided to start using it again because of making baby food . Well , the baby has to be at the other end of our home and you need to wear professional ear muffs/guards to be able to stand next to it while it is processing . The muffs still do n't even block out the majority of the horrendous shrilling noise.It chops the food fine in the processor part , but the blender does n't work well blending fruit -LRB- always having to take off and shake around content so that it will blend it up -RRB- . DO NOT RECOMMEND , JUST FOR HEALTH SAKE !!!!
 I bought this 6 months ago . I am already looking online for replacement parts because the base to the blade cracked rendering the blender useless . It is so loud , I have to plug my ears and it scares my kids . The food prossesor purees everything to a pulp , even when you pulse it just a few times . The glass blender is heavy , akward , and drips all over when you pour . I paid 80 $ for this at a department store , lucky it was a gift card . For a Cuisinart , I thought this would be quality . Keep looking .
 Like many other reviewers , I really liked this blender until it stopped working after about 2-3 months . Used it almost exclusively for making protein/fruit/veggie shakes every morning . It just could n't handle the load and the motor burned out . It 's still under warranty , but even if they repair/replace it , I 'm in the market for a more powerful , heavy-duty blender that can handle making a simple daily shake .
 While this product ultimately works , and works reasonably well . Like others that have reviewed it my bowl has cracked , on one of the locks . The motors makes some funny noises and generally does n't show much durability.I only use this casually for light tasks and for it to be showing so much wear and a general lack of durability , I 'm terribly unimpressed . It 's a good blender and a so so food processor .
 I bought this because I did n't have a food processor , and my blender had broken . I thought this would be a good compromise for my small kitchen . The blender has always worked fine . The food processor , however -- 1 . When I got it , a small piece was missing , which meant I could not use the shredder/slicer . I had to wait months for Cusinart to send me the missing part .2 . The bowl of the food processor cracked . Specifically , one of the locks that hold it to the base . Now , when using it , I have to hold the bowl down with my hand . There is also a crack in the top .3 . It does n't work well at all for grating cheese , which was the main reason I wanted a food processor ! I end up with big chunks of cheese trapped between the top and the shredder blade.All in all , I do n't recommend this product . The food processor should work as well as the blender ... but it just does n't . The work bowl is far too flimsy .
 Would not buy this again . We like the blender - nothing fancy - it is a standard blender . But we bought this mostly to have both items in one . Big mistake . The food processor is n't worth crap . We chop veggies for breakfast , chili , soups , stews , roasts , etc. . We were so excited to have this processor ! We did n't think we needed a $ 300 processor to hold 14 cups and that this item would chop our simple veggies for us . We do n't get fancy and puree , make dips , stocks etc. . We just chop alot in this house . This blade is terrible ! We tried carrots , celery , onion , peppers in on the slit blade . Oh it chopped ! But everything was chopped paper thin . LOL ! Do n't know about your family , but paper thin carrots and celery with a roast is quite funny . My husband and I went online thinking we would buy another blade to expand the use of this item , WRONG . We would gladly buy other blades for different size cuts , but they do n't exist ! So , this food processor is basically useless to us . 8 - -LRB-
 My first call to Cuisinart was in regard to the ear-piercing volume of the food processor . They listened to it and said it was normal . Sooo , make sure you throw in a pair of ear-plugs with your purchase . And please note that babies ' ears are very sensitive and they should NOT be in the room when this food processor is in use.My second call to Cuisinart was at the 6 month mark when the drive shaft exploded . They quickly sent me a new one in the mail and I was very pleased!My third call to Cuisinart was at the 9 month mark when I was trying to grate cheese -LRB- not even a hard parmigiana mind you , but a soft cheddar/jack ! -RRB- This time they were unhelpful and told me I would have to mail them back the entire unit for inspection and include return postage ! So now I have the burden of wondering if it 's worth spending the postage and waiting in line for a hunk of junk that 's probably going to break again in a few months .
 Buyer beware ! Mine broke trying to shred cheese with it . Seems the black gear housing between the motor unit and the blade is garbage , not well designed and fails . Replaced under warranty but I bought unit with the expectation of being able to use it ...
 Cuisinart customer service is horrible . My blender was defective from day one -LRB- strong electrical smell , does n't do what is advertised -RRB- . When I called customer service . I was instructed to send $ 10 ADDITIONAL -LRB- the blender was over $ 100 -RRB- and ship the base to the company , which would be an additional $ 10 - $ 20 . WILL NEVER USE A CUISINART PRODUCT AGAIN !
 I would never recommend this to anyone ! It does not work . It takes forever to blend or chop anything up and does n't even do a good job at it . It is noisy , hard to position in the base , and overall just a waste of money . The blender my grandma uses from the ' 70 's does a better job ! Anytime I use it to make smoothies , the blades push all the ingredients to the edge and creates an air pocket where they just spin and spin without touching any of the fruit . It also smells like burning rubber after just a few seconds of using it . Wish I could rate it a 0 star !
 I bought this for my wife for Christmas - the ratings on Amazon gave it 4.5 stars ... then the thing didnt even work ... so i sent it back and went to go get another and all of a sudden Amazon gives it 2.5 stars ... worthless , dont waste your time
 This is the most disappointing appliance I 've owned . The motor is very under-powered and overheats if you blend for more than three seconds . Every time I 've used the blender , the motor smells like it 's burning up.Recently , I tried to blend soft whipped sour cream with a puree for a dip recipe and the blender jammed within two seconds . I had to scrape the ingredients out of the blender jar and mix by hand.For the cost of this unit , I expect a motor that is powerful enough to crush ice , but that is not feasible with this blender . When I 've tried to make milkshakes , there is always a huge chunk of ice cream that does n't get incorporated.The `` food processor '' is more of a chopper . It 's small and can be used to chop nuts or onions , however the chopped size will be inconsistent . It 's too small to use as a true food processor.Again , I 'm very disappointed in this product . I purchased a Cuisinart product because I thought it was a reliable brand that would last . At this rate , I do n't care if it lasts because it does a horrible job .
 I bought this blender to make smoothies and as a food processor when I need that function . It does the basic functions fine . I would n't recomend it bacause I find it to be very under powered . When making smoothies , the motor smells very bad and a couple of times it 's over heated . I only used frozen blueberries and frozen strawberries , never use ice . Also , I 'm only using this once or twice a week and feel I 'll be lucky if this appliance last 2 years .
 This blender is pretty useless and should be much better for the price.It has cheap plastic materials used on base . The blades are badly designed and do not blend the contents at all . I 'm not sure what good it would be for any type of food processing.Both of the blending containers are badly designed so that if food spills down the side -LRB- and it always will -RRB- it goes into a gap that is unclean-able and inaccessible unless you dismantle it with a wrench.I thankfully got my money back and will never buy Cuisinart again .
 I received this blender/food processor as a wedding gift . When we first opened the box , a small piece was missing but Cuisinart sent us a replacement quickly . The food processor is very small which is fine for making small batches of pesto or sauces , but soups and dips have to be made in batches . The motor is not very strong , so processing takes a long time . I 'm not sure if it is because of the motor or if the blades are not very sharp , but the processor chops very unevenly . I did n't use it very often because I was usually not happy with the results and could hand chop or slice vegetables , herbs , or nuts more quickly and evenly . The blender worked fine for the first six months or so until the seal around the bottom went bad , causing leaks . We replaced the seal but shortly thereafter the mechanism that turns the blades in both the blender and food processor went bad . It was n't worth it to us to replace this part after being frustrated with this product for so long . I now have an 11 cup Cuisinart food processor that works much better and a cheap Block and Decker Blender that has been going strong for a little over a year .
 Received this set as a gift ; was thrilled with the Duet idea . Quality is poor , blender leaked out the botoom almost immediately ; hairline crack - repaired with gorilla glue ; - Processor really too small for dressings and sauces ; hard to remove base ; and plastic broke by one year - blender resumed leaking - the entire set is in the garbage now . My 20 yr . old gold Oster blender came back in from shed . For Cuisinart , this is junk.One star for the idea only !!
 This thing sucks eggs big time ! It 's noisy , and liquifies everything I try to chop . Heck , it wo n't even crush more than three ice cubes at a time ! Thought I was getting a good buy when I got it on sale at Christmas time . NOT ! My birthday is in a couple of weeks and I 've already put in my request for a new Cuisinart food processor . LOL
 The food processor container is too small for 85 % of my prep needs . It 's just large enough to shred a couple of carrots or a quarter of a very small cabbage at a time . It 's too small to make even one pie crust at a time , never mind two.The blender is over sized but it 's also pathetically inefficient . How hard can it be to make a smoothie with frozen fruit , for Pete 's sake ? As noted elsewhere , it 's very loud and smells like burning electrical elements every time I 've used it for the past year.I bought this in order to save on storage space by combining two appliances in one . As it turns out I got three-fourths of a gadget in one . Hopefully it will wear out soon -LRB- a pretty good bet -RRB- so I can replace it with two real appliances . Cuisinart usually makes quality products so this dog was quite a disappointment .
 I 've never had much luck in blenders , in fact , I 've never had a good one . Out of all the bad I 've had , this one really takes the cake.Noise Level!I read other reviews were people said that this product is quiet . It is not quiet . You can go to a jamba juice and it is less loud there when they have three of their blenders going than when I turn this on . I have to be really careful as I live in a townhouse with a neighbor on each wall . Both neighbors have complained about the noise from the blender . I have a small kitchen and the thing is not exactly tiny.Food Processor/Food Slicer!The food processor is very limited in how you want it sliced . It either does those longer slices or really tiny . The food gets stuck on the sides of the top instead of having all food just sliced . The slices are always uneven , I 've tried to remedy this with no luck.I often make a lot of green smoothies . This piece of work has a hard time blending bananas , much less anything else . I always get disheartened and worried as I have to constantly stick things down near the blade to help it work when it 's on food processor . It is n't very good with ice , do n't even try it . It has a hard time with frozen fruit , so do n't try the ice . The other day the item actually started spinning when I had it on stir . The juice was coming out of the bottom and all over the counter . That should not be happening . The lid does fit very well , but juice can come out of it as well . You ca n't fill this up beyond 2/3 of the container.Watch out when you pour , it will drip over the sides if you try and pour it in a regular cup . I 've never gotten it to pour without it spilling down the outside of the blender or over the sides of the cup.Buttons!I knew this ahead of time , but the blender has no puree option . You really do n't know how much you need that option until you do n't have it . The food processor is not a puree option like others have inclined . I tried this with butternut squash and it just would n't work . The pulse option does n't do much . I only really ever use 3 buttons - on , off , and food processor . Ice crush does n't work at all , it has never worked as the ice just builds up on the sides and the blades keep going but really do n't do anything . You have to pour liquid down it in order for it to actually do chopping . Having just fruits , ice , vegetables will not work . Stir and chop really do n't do anything other than have the thing spin , which food processor does . It 's very limited and has no varying speeds.Cleaning!Pain in the butt to clean . I do n't stick this stuff in my dishwasher , I hand wash . So much gunk gets stuck down in the blades and it 's really hard to get off . I do n't trust the blades for the food processor at all -LRB- cut myself so many times -RRB- that I just soak them in warm soap water overnight so I do n't have to clean around them.Durability!It has `` lasted '' for over a year - but with minimum usage . I believe I 've used it a total of 20 times . I bought it from a store and at that time it was around $ 130 . I ca n't believe I paid that price for this object when I am just going to have to find a different one that works soon . It 's also beginning to show signs that objects are loosening as shown in my earlier statement object the whole thing spinning off while on stir.It 's really a shame I ca n't use this item as effectively as I would like . I 'll have to stick with my juicer until I can find a blender that works . ** Update - As of August 22 , 2011 , the blender started smoking and the plastic that was spinning melted . Regular routine of frozen fruit -LRB- 3 cups -RRB- with 3 cups of liquid . That did n't last too long ...
 Very disappointed with this . It looks so nice and so easy to use . But after several smoothies over the last two weeks ... I started smelling burnt wire smell ... it leaks from the base and suddenly it wont fit back down on the base properly and it is loud ... which I can live with if it easy to use ... but I had to throw it away ... too bad ... I really liked it ...
 looks great . but inside is too slick and wide to do any real grinding . everything just slides around , making it a frustrating experience .
 I have has this set for nearly two months , and my husband and I both agree this does not keep produce fresh at all . We have tried using these containers with various fruits and vegetables , and have followed the venting guidelines supplied by Tupperware , have cleaned the containers as recommended in the directions , yet their promise of long lasting freshness eludes us.Lettuce that has been washed and thoroughly dried lasts about three days -LRB- if you do not thoroughly dry your greens , they are only good for a day and a half or so -RRB- . Cut up melon also lasts about 3 days . We have been able to keep fresh shucked corn in one of these containers about 3 days without it drying up , but after the 3 days in the fridge , the sugar in the corn has largely converted to starch , and was not particularly tasty . Cut up pineapple is our only success story with these containers . . it lasted about a week . Cabbage also lasted about a week , but we can keep cabbage longer than that in the crisper of our fridge.The lids on these containers are not tight fitting -LRB- whether this is deliberate or not I do not know -RRB- . I have given this product 2 stars because their rectangular shape allows them to fit nicely in the fridge while taking up minimal space . The ridged bottom of the containers is designed to keep excess moisture from rotting your food . It 's a nice idea , but the ridges are n't particularly deep , and are therefore largely ineffective . In conclusion the performance of this product falls far short of our expectations . We have gone back to using our tempered glass bowls with plastic lids -LRB- pyrex -RRB- , which outperform these containers by a long shot .
 I had this & I ended up giving it to my kids to play with outside in the sandbox . It is not very useful at all for draining spaghetti , or other very hot liquids . The handle on the bottom section is actually hollowed out & when you pour the liquid it tends to run back into the handle and you can get burned when you are lifting it out of the sink . I love Tupperware , but this is a real dud ; it is beyond me how this won so many awards .
 We received one of these as a wedding present back in June of 2004 . It ran great as of yesterday when the drive gear broke . I called Cuisinart and because I did not have a receipt , I received no help at all . No replacement , no service , and a very rude customer service agent . Luckily Bed Bath and Beyond took the mixer back and provided a replacement of our choosing . We did NOT pick a Cuisinart .
 I bought a beautiful $ 100 Cuisinart toaster about 10 years ago . It worked a little over a year and died . Cuisinart would not help . I swore I 'd never buy another Cuisinart.When I was looking for mixers , this one was getting pretty good reviews on Amazon . I decided to give Cuisinart one more try . My `` smart power '' 7 speed electronic LED has died after less than 2 years of VERY light use . No bread dough , or heavy batters . Now I 've purchased a much cheaper mixer with higher wattage . We shall see . At least it wo n't be much of a loss to replace a $ 20 mixer if it dies . But I sure am sick of sending small appliances to the landfill . Whatever happened to QUALITY , AMERICAN products ?????
 This mixer only lasted two and a half years with light home use . The motor and housing are well constructed , but the beater drive gears wore out too quickly . The right-hand gear completely failed so that the beaters bang together.Cuisinart has replaced my mixer with a new one of the same model . They were very prompt . We 'll see how this one holds up .
 This was a great hand mixer -LRB- except for the fact that the lowest speed really is n't quite low enough - I dealt with that -RRB- . I had used one night to make a cake and frosting , without incident . The next morning , when I went to make cookie dough - right after I turned it on , the right gear made a funny noise . I used it single beater to finish the job ... but , knew that it was a throw-away device . I was HUGELY disappointed . I do have the warranty card -LRB- I guess I never mailed it in ! LOL -RRB- , and it says it is covered for 3 years - but - I do n't have my receipt . I know it is just about 3 yrs old now.If you are able to purchase this mixer at a great price , as it is now on Amazon -LRB- below thirty smackers -RRB- and justify that it will only cost an average of ten bucks a year to use , it is a good deal . I paid double that price . Just do n't get too attached to it , it wo n't last as long as your other appliances , it realistically has a 3-4 yr shelf life . I did use it several times a month . I got my moneys ' worth , but , would certainly have expected it to last much longer than this . I have a Black n Decker hand mixer that I bought when I was 17 on sale for ten smackers . That one has had as much use and STILL WORKS FINE !! My husband is happy because he now knows what I * need * for Mothers ' Day . To me , a hand mixer is a NECESSITY for EVERY KITCHEN . I , personally , would have liked something more frivilous . ; - -RRB- P.S. I do own a fabulous Kitchen Aid stand mixer , which is now 18 yrs old and going great . My mothers Kitchen Aid is over 35 yrs old . I use the hand mixer for convenience , because I do n't leave the stand mixer out on my counter .
 This hand mixer is SO fast it does n't mix , it liquifies . I would NOT recommend this for basic mixing tasks . Big mistake to have bought it .
 How can this be the same mixer ??? My experience with the Cuisinart HTM-5 SmartPower 5-Speed Electronic Hand Mixer was the EXACT OPPOSITE from the previous reviewer . While I appreciated many of the design features -LRB- swivel cord , open beaters , comfortable handle , easy beater release -RRB- , I have abandoned its use . First , the slowest speed was much too fast to incorporate dry ingredients . I had to `` pulse '' it by quickly turning it on and off in order to keep flour from going everywhere . Honestly , I found little difference between the lowest and highest speeds . Second -LRB- and most annoying -RRB- , even of the slowest speed it splattered EVERYWHERE . I could reduce the mess a bit by keeping the beaters perfectly vertical , but even then the bottom of the mixer would be covered with batter -LRB- along with the countertop -RRB- . I tried to return the mixer , but I no longer had the box nor the receipt , so it just sits on my shelf . If anyone REALLY WANTS this piece of garbage , I 'll make you a sweet deal !!
 This mixer broke down in the middle of Christmas cookies - and it was n't that old . I purchased it a few years ago . The poor durability of this mixer in a brand that should deliver a better product is unacceptable . My old GE hand mixer lasted 5 times as long as this one did , and cost a lot less . I wonder about the quality of the motor if it could burn out in such a relatively short time . I do agree with other reviewers that the low speed was too high ; no major differences between speeds 1-3 ; they were all fairly highspeed .
 At first I was happy with this mixer . My last mixer lasted about 10 years and cost very little . This mixer cost more , I thought was a good brand , and lasted only abut 2 yrs . Something happened to make one of the beaters turn sporatically and hit the other beater . Threw it away .
 This mixer runs too fast , even in it 's lowest setting . The beaters tend to throw food out of the mixing bowl . Uncontrolable . Would not suggest purchasing .
 I bought this mixer on sale , at a department store & set it aside for future use . I was pleasantly surprised with the power ... yet as others have noted , it was too powerful for wet foods ... Does a larger bowl help ? Rarely . I used this mixer for a little over a year and suddenly the left beater sputters and stops , rendering the whole mixer useless . I tried to e-mail customer service , several times ... Always came back as an error . I finally made a telephone call . . a total waste of my time . The warranty had expired . Period . Would I buy another ? Never .
 The fan must be removed to lift the lid during the steaming process ; for instance , to add the second tray for an item requiring a shorter cooking time . The is danger is steam burns while removing the fan .
 I bought this steamer because I liked the fan on the top and the two trays can hold more food then the steamer I currently use . However , the base that collects the water that has been steamed is not deep enough and has overflowed each time I have used it creating a big mess to clean up , which makes this a useless product . It 's not even deep enough to hold the same amount of water that you put in the water reservoir . I wonder how a defect like that was overlooked ...
 I find this steamer a hassle to use . I purchased it primary to cook rice . The tray is big enough to cook two cups of rice - not much if you have a large family . Everytime you want to add something in , you have to take out the fan and it is a hassle , not to mention the danger involved due to the extreme hot steam !!! Everytime you are done cooking , the water needs to be empty and it makes a mess . I find that the rice cooks much faster in a convention rice cooker - a much cheaper appliance . Overall , I am disappointed in the product . If you have young children , be sure this thing is out of reach when in use .
 I 'm not sure which rocket grill we had , but it was on sale and we returned it back . Cleanup is certainly easy , but the rest of the plates , utensils , and pots and pans used during dinner still has to be cleaned up . With thinly sliced meat , results were no different than sauteing . Our vegetables should have been cut into smaller slices ; the grilled vegetables were still raw on the inside . And the juices of the frozen marinated meat dripped into the paper bag `` fat '' catcher . If you 're a single person who does n't like to cook , I think this product is better than microwaved food , but if you can wash a pan , skip this `` grill '' .
 i opened it set it on the counter . the next day i came home fromwork read the instructions . plugged it in pushed the button to warmit up . the red light came on and thats it nothing no heat dontwork . now what do i eat have to find something else . the timerworks real well . the red light looks nice but no heat . this thingover 2 years old still in the box and i got it for new . how do iknow how old it is theres a promo in the box to enter to win a flatscreen tv but you must enter the code to win no later than 10/09/07 . its now today 03/03/10 . no wonder it dont work been setting for over2 years . boy was they glad to get rid of this BOUGHT THRU AMAZON.COM
 We bought one because the `` no mess '' sounded wonderful . The first few times we used it , we thought it was great . Then we realized there IS a mess whenever the bag leaks down into the lower parts of the machine , and it will ! We did n't even know it was doing it at first . Also , it gets irritating to have to purchase the bags which are n't that cheap . We ended up throwing the thing away , as there just is n't a way to clean way down in the bottom . I always end up going back to my cast iron frying pan !
 I bought two different cereal storage from Amazon to compare , and this one was the loser.It 's small enough to put in the cabinet , but too small for a full bag of cereal . The lid is difficult to put on and the cap is very flimsy as if it will rip off.Shipping was way expensive for the product , so I wo n't be purchasing another one . I 'd go with another one if I were you .
 At first , I bought this because I have the funds to and am a lazy shopper . Despite all the 5 star reviews , this product did not meet my expectations.PROS : Small , can fit in your cabinet.CONS : ExpensiveExpensive ShippingToo small to fit one standard bag of cerealFlimsy lid that 's hard to put on
 Cuisinart , once considered a top of the line manufacturer , seems to have lost its luster . When I received this knife as a gift , I was thrilled -- then I opened the box.The knife is attractive , full tang with oversized rivets holding the black plastic handle in place and sharp enough for a new hollow edge knife . It 's also poorly balanced and minimally dimpled . The brushed finish on the blade seems to attract stains.I have small hands and the handle on this Santoku knife is too slender and short for me to use in comfort . I found my hand sliding down the handle to the bolster , only the barely defined hilt kept my hand from sliding over the blade . A combination of poor balance and odd design make this a no-brainer - do n't buy!One reason I wanted a Santoku knife was the touted `` non-stick '' feature , dimples along both sides of the blade that form a vacuum , releasing food as you slice or chop . In the case of this Cuisinart Santoku knife , the dimples are too short and shallow to cause that vacuum effect.At one time Cuisinart manufactured Cuisinart products -- now we can count on support from Lifetime Hoan -LRB- cutlery -RRB- , Sunbeam -LRB- small electric appliances -RRB- and it 's anyone 's guess where to go for support for for other Cuisinart products . I was a big fan of Cuisinart products decades ago but now that it 's just a name , I 'll look for more reliable concern that provides quality products.For my money , I 'd opt for mid-line cutlery from Henckels and Wusthof or cutlery from Michael Graves -LRB- sturdy , well balanced , comfort grips , forged steel -RRB- if you can find it . From experience , I 'll shy away from all of the lesser cutlery lines from Lifetime Hoan cutlery including KitchenAid , Cuisinart , Farberware , Hoffritz and Sabatier ; their product designs are attractive but they fail in function.This is a case where you get what you pay for -- spend a little more and get something that lasts .
 I registered for this knife for a wedding gift . I was excited when my soon to be wife called to tell me that someone had bought the knife . My elation soon turned to disappointment once I began using this knife . The first thing I noticed was the `` non-stick '' dimples are n't very functional . Carrots , garlic , apples , chicken , etc all stick to the blade . Now approx . 6 weeks later , the blade has several deep pits as if someone has been chopping bones or metal -LRB- it has not been used for anything like that -RRB- . This knife has only been used on a bamboo cutting board , washed and dried immediately after use . Now , I have a $ 40 knife that to me is worth less than the cheap Farberware knife I bought 4 yrs ago . I 'm glad nobody bought the Cuisinart 21-Pc . cutlery set I registered for . I think I 'll go with the J.A. Henckel set I originally considered .
 My husband and I live in a Cape Cod style home . We do have central air , but it does not do a great job cooling off the second floor , which is where our bedroom is located . After reading some reviews online about this particular air conditioner we went to Lowe 's and purchased it for about $ 400 . This is the second day we are using it and I can honestly say it is the worst air conditioner . It does not keep the room cool at all . In fact , it 's warm in here right now with it running on full blast -LRB- my dog is panting -RRB- . It is also extremely loud , even on its quietest setting . We are going to pack it up and return it tomorrow and purchase a window air conditioner that will hopefully do a better job at keeping us cool and comfortable in this 95 degree heat .
 I have one which is great and one which is bad -- it fills with water after just 1.5 hours which makes it unusable.Delonghi has poor customer service and is not inclined to make it right . Avoid this product
 It beautiful ... its sexy ... but in the morning you are going to wake up with a rash . Do n't let the good looks fool you this is one of the worst portable air conditioners on the market . This is the third and last time I give DeLonghi a chance . I have bought and returned 3 different portable air conditioners from them . They all stink .
 I have been shopping through Amazon for years and have always trusted them to provide the correct discription for every item . This skimmer , however was labeled incorrectly . The discription said it was made in Germany but it was made in China . I only purchased it because I had been looking for a skimmer that was made any where other than China . And the price was way too much for a chinese product . I can only hope that Amazon will look at the product itself before putting it on their site for sale . I 'm not sure if I will buy anything from amazon that will make a difference to me as to its origin .
 For the premium price and history of this company , I thought it was Made in Germany . It is not so I have returned it . Please put the country of Manufacturer for all cookware items .
 I 've owned Rosle 's for years and years . Bought this one as an extra to have around and when I opened the package I saw `` China '' and not Made in Germany . Apparently the executives at Rosle are enhancing the company short term profits this way however in my case now it 's Bye Bye Rosle .
 This was a pretty good knife -- cheap and sharp , decent handle and feel.But i had it for less than 4 months and it rusted in several places on the blade . Granted , I left this knife in the sink a couple of times for a day , but I kinda feel that a blade should be able to handle that .
 PROS
 Not worth the money . I was so excited about this knife , it cut supremely and had a great weight . I handwashed it and left it to dry laying down on a rack . The next day it had rust on both sides of the blade . I sadly discarded it .
 The porcelain is grey , rather than white , and I really did n't understand the detachable hand on it . Sent it back immediately .
 After reading the recommendation in Cook 's Illustrated , I ordered this scoop -LRB- not from Amazon -RRB- and had high expectations . When it arrived , the scoop part twisted a little bit in the handle part . I thought `` maybe I got a lemon '' and asked customer service for a replacement . The replacement scoop arrived yesterday and does the same thing . Clearly a flaw in the design . Now both scoops will go back to the vendor . This is an expensive scoop and I expected it to be flawless like my other utensils from R&ouml;sle which are made in Germany . However , this is a piece of junk `` Made in China . ''
 Received item today and discovered Amazon 's product description is flat wrong . Specifically , the Amazon review says , `` All R&ouml;sle products are made in Germany , are dishwasher-safe , and carry a lifetime warranty against defects . `` The sticker on the ice cream scoop prominently states , `` Made in China '' . If I 'd known this was n't made in Germany like my other R&ouml;sle producgts , I 'd have gotten a Chinese-made Zyliss or Oxo scoop for much , much less.I 'm too lazy to return this , so I 'll give this product a go . Let 's hope that the scoop really is dishwasher-safe and R&ouml;sle will honor any defects during a lifetime of use . -LRB- e.g. , I noticed that the stem is welded to the ice cream scoop . I hope it stands up to my rock-hard ice creams from the deep freezer ... -RRB-
 After reading the recommendation in Cook 's Illustrated , I ordered this scoop -LRB- not from Amazon -RRB- and had high expectations . When it arrived , the scoop part twisted a little bit in the handle part . I thought `` maybe I got a lemon '' and asked customer service for a replacement . The replacement scoop arrived yesterday and does the same thing . Clearly a flaw in the design . Now both scoops will go back to the vendor . This is an expensive scoop and I expected it to be flawless like my other utensils from R&ouml;sle which are made in Germany . However , this is a piece of junk `` Made in China . ''
 Th product features and editorial review spell Germany as the origin of manufacture . But the one I got was made in China .
 I was excited to receive my Rosle Bottle Opener , which cost me nearly $ 20 , but its `` German made '' so the extra cost is well worth it , right ? -- when it arrived the joke was on me ... . a `` Made in China '' sticker was on the handle . I let amazon know about the problem but they have not changed the product description -LRB- it still says made in Germany - LIES ! -RRB- . The product itself is not horrible , but certainly not worth $ 20 . I should have purchased the OXO bottle opener for $ 10 .
 I got sucked in by the reviews and the beauty of the stainless steel . But , this cheese plane is a joke if you have ever used a Spar made in Norway . And , by the way , the Norwegians invented the cheese plane . They have forgotten more about making cheese planes than anyone else will ever know . I should have gotten a Spar and that is what I will do.Why would anyone want to serve raggedy cheese to a guest with this serrated blade ? Did n't realize it was serrated when I ordered it . And if the blade on the plane is sharp enough you do n't need a serrated edge anyway . I tried this on hard and soft cheese and was not pleased with the presentation of any of them.I am replacing a 40 year old cheese plane that has a damaged handle and ca n't be repaired . I thought maybe this Rosle was the one , but it does n't slice off thin wisps of cheese that you can almost see through . Increase the pressure on my old cheese plane and it slices a nice thin piece , not a hunk or something that looks like it came through a grinder.I gave it one star because I liked the handle . Too bad it wo n't fit on my old plane .
 Handsome indeed . And feels great in the hand . However , I ended up returning this because the blade is serrated . Result is , of course , grooves in each slice of cheese . May not bother some people but , at that price , it 's bothersome to me .
 This came with a sticker that said Made in China . Very disappointed and will be returning .
 This Rosle product is made in China , and its quality is very inferior to the German-made utensils . Rosle is ruining their reputation with these cheaper Chinese-made products . Too bad that they will prostitute their name and image to make a few more bucks .
 This is made in China , not Germany . It is an exuberant amount to pay for a product that did not cost much to make .
 I have not use the product.I give it a low rating only to increase awareness about this `` minor '' detail.Product is advertised as Made in Germany , yet on the product itself label says made in China . I can buy Made in China anywhere if I do n't want to think about sweat shops and the workers there .
 Rosle is known to make quality German-made items . This was made in China , and do I feel ripped off ! No more Rosle for me !
 I hate this peeler -- for potatoes and carrots , which is what I most often peel , anyway , I consider it not usable for me . It must be an intuitive thing . While this peeler does peel and is sharp , it requires much effort and manual labor . It feels more like `` polishing '' the vegetable than peeling -- and peeling away from you or toward you , it does n't matter -- it 's delicate work and not for me . In contrast I use my OXO swivel peeler and just rip through anything with ease . I love my other R&ouml;sle products and thought this would be a step-up after reading the reviews here , but it just does n't work for me -- and I 've tried ... ! Perhaps R&ouml;sle 's swivel model is more geared toward my `` style '' of peeling.I think this peeler would work for people who peel like my Grandmother did , with mainly a paring knife , slowly going over the vegetable in long strips while gabbing about seeing Bing Crosby in concert in Des Moine before the war . Me -- I just want to get the peel off and the chore overwith . With this R&ouml;sle peeler , it just takes too much effort and too much time ... I guess peelers are a more personal thing than I ever imagined . Others have raved over this peeler , and I consider it useless and a waste of my money . Maybe I could sell it on eBay ... ?
 This product is not made in Germany as listing indicates . It clearly says on the handle that it is made in China ! Rosle has moved manufacturing to China at a rapid pace but is not budging on high prices .
 This over-priced peeler performs considerably worse than my 50-cent plastic potato peeler . It requires considerably physical exertion in order to peel and when it peels , it peels only a small area . By contrast , my plastic peeler does its job quickly , effectively and efficiently . Even my wife , who tried it once , decided to use our old plastic one.If I could have my way , I would like to exchange it for other Rosle products . This peeler simply does not do its job properly . On a scale of 1 to 10 , I rate it as 2 -LRB- for its look -RRB- while I rate my plastic peeler as 9 -LRB- for its performance -RRB- .
 Purchased this , expecting better functionality . Sure it does n't rust , but my $ 5 Wustoff pealer works much better .
 I assume the item may have been made in Germany at one time . It is now made in China by a German company . It looked sturdy , but in my experience Chinese Stainless is not as it should be , and will rust -LRB- why does there seem to be a different standard of quality ? -RRB- . The item was heavy and seemed like it is usable . Give it a try if you want , but when Amazon states it is German made , I expect it to be that . I have returned it .
 I ca n't believe after buying Rosle tools for years that the whisk I just got yeasterday is not made in Germany but China . On the label on the whisk it says China and yet in the review it says twice `` Made in Germany '' . Is anything by Rosle made in Germany anymore ?
 I do n't like this spatula at all . The rubber end is too small and rigid to be useful . The handle may be useful if you like to hang your utensils , but it 's not comfortable to hold for long periods or if you have to use a lot of force . I got rid of mine . There are much better ones out there .
 After a year it not longer works . When you pay $ 30 plus for a can opener , you expect it to last longer . I would not recommend it at ALL !!!!!
 This was the most expensive manual can opener at the local kitchen shop . After about a year of use , it no longer cuts at all . I wo n't be spending $ 40 on one of these again . And it is not made in Germany ; it is made in China ! I , for one , am really tired of paying for brand names that used to be good and now manufacture everything in China , with sub-standard materials .
 Insamuch as I first liked this can opener , I absolutely do not recommend it because it stopped working after 2 years of light usage . There are many other reviews with the same issue - within first 2.5 years this can opener stops working . There is a lifetime manufacturer warranty in the USA for this product if purchased through their authorized dealer . Call 800-321-2226 and tell them you have a defective can opener . If their manager approves replacement , they will ask for you to mail yours to them for the exchange on a brand new one . Do n't rely on this warranty though if you buy this item on Amazon , Amazon is not an authorized dealer with them .
 While I thought this was a great idea , the actual experience of using one was not , at least with me . When it worked , it was as great as others rave about , it was great to have the lid re-usable . However that was often not the case . One has to have it level and angled just so ; and if the can was dented , forget about it . Usually had to do two passes to get it opened , and stopped using it on condensed milk cans.Tried to use it over the holidays and the handle snapped in half.Sorry , simply not worth the money or effort . Too bad , it was a nice-looking gadget too .
 I bought this can opener based on the recommendation of America 's Test Kitchen . While it worked it was superb . Unfortunately , after about 6 months of use it no longer opens cans -- at all . All it does is make a gnarled mess out of the can 's seam . I just threw my $ 31 dollar can un-opener in the trash . Off to shop for a new one now .
 It was a great can opener while it lasted , but it did n't last very long . And for the money you spend on this can opener , it should last a life time if not longer . If i had to do it over , I would n't waste my money on this . Not worth the price .
 I received this can opener as a gift and loved it until I tried to open a small can of tomato paste . Since then , my can opener shreds cans and leaves metal shavings all over the outside of the can . I have hurt myself on them several times . Sometimes the can opener works great , most of the time I have poor results and can not even break the seal of a can of soup !
 I come from modest means . Regardless of the fact that I 've worked in the food and beverage industry for the past 18 years , if my grandma or mom knew I spent $ 28 on a can opener ... they would think I lost my mind . I was thinking the same thing walking out of `` The Restaurant Store '' in Key West , but I easily quelled my guilt by telling myself `` you 'll never have to buy another can opener again '' . Not true . It stripped out after approximately 10 months of use -LRB- and it 's not like I open cans every day -RRB- . Aside from it breaking , I 'd like to point out another thing . At parties , and while it still worked , I 'd pull out this opener , and play a game to see who could make it work . One such evening , it stumped 14 guests in a row . Not stupid people mind you . Even once you do figure it out , it could be challenging ... it would still confuse me from time to time.I like the brand , but for this money , it should last a lifetime ... at least longer than the shelf life of the cans it 's supposed to open . My favorite store refunded my money no questions asked , and sent it back to the factory.I do n't recommend . Check out the Kuhn Rikon can opener , I really like mine ... and it was $ 3 cheaper .
 The can opener worked well for the first year , but like a lot of people who have commented , it just stopped working . After a year , Amazon could n't help . I emailed customer service several times through email at rosle and never got one response . So if you do n't mind paying $ 30 for using a can opener occasionally for a year , this is your product . But for most of us , this just is n't reliable . A can opener is a pretty simple tool and there is n't a reason why it should n't `` just work '' all the time . So although I really liked it the first year , I am very disappointed with the product today . It wo n't open a can , it just spins in place and pretty much does nothing now and customer service from Rosle is non-existent . So poor value , poor reliability , poor craftsmanship -LRB- only lasted a year -RRB- and very poor service . i really wanted to like this product but it is nothing more than a paper weight now .
 Effective until it failed after 18 months of occasional use . No longer grips the can edge . No response from the company . $ 30 piece of junk . Save your receipt . You will need to make warranty claims . Not durable . Poor design . This opener grabs the can parallel to the can side . The Kuhn-Rikon opener is a much better choice
 I purchased this product due to the reputation Rosle has and due to they warranty the product for life . Yet when the product failed I can not seem to figure out how to get it replaced . The gears have stripped out making it impossible to use . My wife cut her hand really bad trying to open a can with it after it failed but she was determined to open the can but this did n't happen . I had to run her to the emergency room and on the way home we stopped and purchased a can open because who knows how long it will take to get Rosle to replace it . I have written emails to the company with no replies yet . As fast as this oriduct failed I believe Rosle will have to either have to correct their design or send me a new can opener annualy on a scheduled basis . When the product works it works well but the product quality is poor if the gears strip out in a years time .
 I really liked this can opener for the first two years that I had it . Then it suddenly stopped working . I do n't like it any more . Now I must research and but a new can opener that I hope will last longer than this one did .
 This was great for almost two years . At almost $ 40 for a can opener , I do n't expect it to break . It did -- no longer opens cans . I think a can with an extra wide lip caused the can opener to spread out somehow -- normal cans now ca n't be opened , the opener wo n't grip them tight enough.Buy another one ? At $ 40 , no chance .
 This item seemed great at first , especially the fact there were no sharp edges on the can seam . Then the handle broke and it 's worthless . Great design with poor material quality . DO N'T waste your money .
 I purchased this item on March 12 , 2008 , I have successfully used it about 15 times since then . It cost $ 33,2 ... For that amount and for Rosle reputation ... . I was expecting many more years of use . It 's a pity there is no warranty.I 'm very dissapointed .
 This is the worst can opener I have ever purchased . I was tired of the Dollar Store El Cheapos so I went out to buy the most expensive one I could find . Big mistake ! You need to be a rocket scientist to figure out how to fit this to the can , and then a sumo wrestler to turn the knob !
 Bought this for a small fortune , it works as described by others . My trainer was thrilled with my upper body strength when I owned this opener . It took a lot of strength to work it , I carried on as it had been so expensive , but when it finally died after three years , I chucked it in relief and bought a Good Grips for a twentieth of the price . It works as well and I am going flabby . I 'm getting the weights out !
 I have never been able to attach the opener to a can ; hence , I can not open cans with it . Although it is useless , I have an an attractive tool hanging above my kitchen sink .
 I bought this can opener because the Amazon review said all Rosle products are made in Germany . I am willing to pay $ 33 -LRB- ! -RRB- for a a product that is made employing people at fair wages , but not for one made in a country of slave wages and no environmental laws .
 When it works , it works well . When it does n't work , well , it does n't work.I am now on my second one of these can openers . The first worked extremely well for a year or two then stopped cutting through the material and started making little metal shavings . I sent it back to Rosle for warranty replacement . After several months and multiple emails , I received a new one.The new one started acting up after a year or two of use just like the first and I was about to put it out of my misery . I then took a good look at it and found that the mechanism was binding up ; not rotating and sliding as it should . After adding about three drops of oil to the moving parts and working it in , the opener is now just like new . ******* After further review , this can opener does not consistently open cans . The lubrication helped it to open some cans , but not all cans . It also tends to make small metal shavings which are not something you want in your food . I would not recommend this can opener . As a consequence I have reduced the number of stars to one .
 I owned this can opener for 6 months before its gears stripped . Prior to that , it was a great can opener . However , I would not recommend this can opener because it did not last , and it was very expensive . My wife reminded me that I also bought one of these can openers for my mother too , so we have spent approximately $ 60 on this poorly designed can opener . We tried to find the warranty information on the Rosle web site , but came up short . Buying this can opener was a mistake . The popular cooking magazine that recommended this product did not test it long enough in my opinion . They made the same mistake with their top rated garlic press a while ago . The nonstick finish rubbed off after they used this garlic press in their test kitchen for a while after they recommended it . Now they do not recommend that garlic press anymore . Their aim is true , but they really need to change the way they rate their products to include longer term durability tests . A few more poor recommendations like this can opener , and their credibility could be compromised .
 This device was fantastic for about 2 months of use but the blades/cutting do n't last . . If you are willing to purchase 4 or 5 a year you will have a great can opening experience .
 R&ouml;sle Can OpenerI purchased this can opener because I did not want sharp edges from opened cans around the kitchen or in the garbage . The Rosle can opener stopped opening cans after about seven months . My wife purchased a replacement from Target made by Chefmate for $ 9 . It has performed superbly for two years . The Chefmate is also easier to operate ergonomically . Save money and frustation ; do n't buy this Rosle can opener .
 We have had our Rosle can opener for three years and it was incredible . Lifetime warranty , what could go wrong . Well , it just stopped working . The knob turns , but the cutter goes no where . Lifetime warranty ? You can not get it replaced except in Germany . It 's not worth the $ 35 purchase price if it stops working and you can not get it replaced for free .
 I 've had this can opener for a few years now . Use it once or twice a week . Worked fantastic when it was new . About a month ago it stopped griping the can well . I cleaned it thinking that maybe that would help , but to no avail . Great concept , nicely executed , but longevity is not good .
 I cook from sctach most of the time , and do n't use can product often . But mine stopped cutting and working correctly within less than a year . Very dissapointing !
 Rosle Can OpenerPay no attention to reviews from people who have written within days of buying this product . Mine , and those of everyone I know who had bought one , lasted less than 16 months . My inquiries to Rosle -LRB- about replacement of this expensive , slickly designed , but incompetently manufactured product -RRB- produced no replies.You do n't want this one . The clunkier Kuhn-Ricon has held up for two years so far .
 Do not buy this . Waste of money . Cost about 5 cents to open each can . Is it guaranteed for life ? Mine died after a very short life
 Because of the great reputation that Rosle has , I have purchased 4 of this can opener.However the first time I used it , it broke . The turning mechanism worn out immediately and the can was unable to turn . I went ahead and tried all 3 others and they all have similar problems . One of the blade wheel also retracted into the tool . Please adv how can a company , who strives on customer satisfaction , sells a product with such low quality ??? I am very dissatisfied with this product and will never purchase again.For a $ 30 + can opener , my expectation is that it will last years !
 The can opener worked well for the first 3 months , then it just stopped cutting the cans . And for the money that I spent on it , it should certainly last a lot longer .
 I read about this can opener everywhere . Articles and reviews all said it was the best and you would never own another kind of can opener once you had one of these . Well-I bought one - + $ 30.00 for a can opener-yes , I feel stupid . It lasted almost one year before it completely failed . This is another hyped product that does not live up to claims . I feel the need to explain that I take care of all my ` stuff ' . Thus , this can opener was not used for anything but the use for which it was meant . I might also add it probably got less use than a normal household because there are just two of us , one that does all the cooking . This product is a rip-off .
 Had this unit for about 5 years . Overall , once you got figured out how to seat the opener on the can it worked very well and with little effort . It is trickier to lock it into place on some cans . Also , if a friend or neighbor is over helping prepare food and goes to use it - good luck unless they 've used a similar type can opener . Now after about 5 years the unit has worn out and wont open any cans ... however , that is longer than most can openers have lasted ... then again , it 's 2 to 3 times more $ $ than the swing aways .
 We have had our Rosle can opener for three years and it was incredible . Lifetime warranty , what could go wrong . Well , it just stopped working . The knob turns , but the cutter goes no where . Lifetime warranty ? You can not get it replaced except in Germany . It 's not worth the $ 35 purchase price if it stops working and you can not get it replaced for free .
 I bought the Rosle fruit corer ; it was the largest one . When I got it , it stated on the tag
 The knives I received are NOT the knives that are pictured . Moreover , I bought these knives because they were given a good rating by Cook 's Illustrated . However , the knives I received are not the CA4 knives reviewed by CI . And there 's more ! While the page states that the knives come in a `` Hanging Gift Box '' , my knife set did NOT come with such a box . They came in a flimsy plastic tray housed in a thin , cardboard box . Clearly , this is not a `` gift box '' that is meant to be saved . So , I must conclude that this is a bait-and-switch tactic . Do n't order these .
 In 2007 I bought 3 sets of these knives - a total of 12 . They still are sharp and most of them look great . However , most of the handles have begun cracking at the rivet points . Some are cracked at every rivet and some are very close to coming apart . These knives have never been abused in any way ; never been put in a dishwasher ; and have always been hand-washed and dried . I 've just contacted Cuisinart and am awaiting instructions to return the knives for replacement .
 The Rosle twirl whisk I received today says Made in China on the sticker . I 'm sure it performs like any other twirl whisk but that is n't the point . The description for this item is not accurate.I had several choices and I paid a premium for this brand because the description on Amazon states it is Made In Germany . Maybe it was at one time but that is n't the case any more . The sticker states plainly 18/10 s/s Made in China.I returned this one and purchased theKuhn Rikon 10-Inch Galaxy Spring Whiskinstead . I am very happy with the quality and performance of the less expensive whisk from Kuhn Rikon .
 This product was not made in the USA , it was made in China . Considering that , the price seemed a little steep .
 It says on the site Made in USA but when I just received it
 We spent over 50 euros on this , hoping that this will last a lifetime . In the beginning it was amazing . Then over time , through pressing , the press which connects to the hinge rivet became wider , and thus the whole press becomes looser , meaning that when you press , the two pieces comprising the press become separated , and thus useless . Any alternative recommendations ?
 This product is BEAUTIFUL and well-designed . Unfortunately , the cool tension feature that keeps the handles closed broke within 3 uses . Then , less than 2 months later , the whole thing just snapped and bent into a completely unusable shape while routinely pressing garlic ! I 'm so so disappointed !! I have contacted Amazon customer support and will see how they respond to this issue . I read p curran 's review before I purchased but thought that he/she was in the minority and just been sent a lemon . Apparently , they make plenty of lemons to go around ! I hope your experience is better but be prepared for disappointment and frustration .
 While i do own several rosle pieces in my kitchen , this is not constructed like anything else that i own . on the first piece of garlic that i tried to press , the unit simply was destroyed . the spot-weld at the fulcrum snapped off , causing everything to misalign and bend beyond repair . if you order this , good luck , as this is a manufacturing problem from the factory and is probably going to happen to you as well .
 What a disappointment , this was supposed to be the best garlic-press available , yet upon pressing just the second clove of garlic it bent , slightly yes , but now the snap-close feature no longer works so when it is hung on a hook it falls open . If it cost $ 10 - $ 15 I would probably keep it as it does do a great job of pressing garlic and it is easy to clean but at $ 35 I expect it to be prefect . So I am returning it . It is truly a shame as if they just made it with slightly thicker steel it probably would be the finest press available . Depressing .
 Been chopping & grating garlic for 50 years because garlic presses were always a pain but still kept searching . Finally bought yet another one because of its provenance and styling
 Just be aware that it is made in not made in the USA . It is made in China . I was specifically looking that is made in the USA .
 This garlic press looks stunning , just like the rest of the R&ouml;sle line . I love the shiny finish and the hooks on each tool.However , do n't judge this book by its cover . I am very disappointed with how this tool works . It smashes up the garlic and much of it gets stuck inside the press creating a lot of waste . It is also difficult to clean , requiring a lot of rinsing to get all that stuck garlic out.This is the first time I have been disappointed by R&ouml;sle . Too bad .
 I already own the Rosle garlic press , but mine was not made in China and is substantially higher quality and the mechanism is very smooth . I did not read the reviews as your product info stated that the press was made in the USA . I have been disappointed that most stores , even Williams Sonoma , are carrying the press made in China . I just got my order - which was to be a gift for my sister - and the press is NOT made in the USA . You need to change the description on your site ASAP . This is really false advertising and very deceptive . Many people are trying to purchase products made in the USA or at least not made in China . I would not have ordered this garlic press had I known it was made in China . I wish I would have spent more time checking out the other reviews . I can see that this deceptive behavior is not new . Reviews go way back . Not good business .
 I was fooled by amazon ! It 's made in CHINA ! OTL ... I expected it made in German . The price is steep .
 I try to buy top-notch kitchen products . The Rosle is overpriced , holds only a small clove of garlic , is NOT easy to squeeze , and is `` German design '' but made in China.The Oxco press that I already owned does a better job and was much less expensiveI sent it back . Bless Amazon for their easy return policy .
 I ordered the wisk and this at the same time . I assume the item may have been made in Germany at one time . It is now made in China by a German company . It looked sturdy , but in my experience Chinese Stainless is not as it should be , and will rust -LRB- why does there seem to be a different standard of quality ? -RRB- . The item was heavy and seemed like it is usable . Give it a try if you want , but when Amazon states it is German made , I expect it to be that . I have returned this too . Also , Why are three pictured in this photo rather than the one you receive ? That is a little deceptive too . It is NOT a set of 3 .
 With all of the lead in products from China , it was very important to us to make sure that our food cookware was not made in China.The product description clearly stated `` Made in Germany '' . The product arrived with a label stating `` Made in China '' . We returned the product and Amazon was very good about quickly providing a full refund -LRB- and pre-paid postage to return the item -RRB- .
 I found this Pepper Mill a really bad piece of crappolla . Can not understand it after all these great reviews - maybe a I just got a lemon . Whatever - the grind was always changing - almost nothing to extremely course - and we had to fill it very often . Sent it back as a bad one and Amazon was good enough to refund my money . I got a T handle one that also reviewed well - we shall see if it is any better !
 It seems to work fine grinding pepper but for the price I would have expected a much nicer finish . It showed up scratched and even the &#34; Vic Firth &#34; logo was smeared from their cheap , spray on finish .
 This item although expressly and impliedly advertised that it is Made in Germany is actually made in China . The item is generally of a very poor quality . I would not buy it for the price advertised and I am trying to get my money back
 I was thrilled to see such glowing reviews before I purchases this cheese knife . They led me to make the decision to purchase.I purchase one pound block cheddar cheese and want a knife that will cut through cleanly.Not so with this knife . It makes uneven slices , and takes considerable pressure to slice through . In addition the blade does not easily accomodate a hands palm when applying pressure to the cutting process . It looks quite handsome ... the only saving grace of this product .
 Amazon needs to update its information , this item is now made in China . The reason I have been willing to spend more to get Rosle utensils is that they were made in Germany , but that seems to be no more . Too bad .
 The Good : - The handle 's pommel guard , which keeps the potatoes from stabbing back while they are being mashed.The Bad : - Mediocre results . Not much better than traditional thick wire mashers ; on a par with similar -LRB- and much cheaper -RRB- grid mashers , like WMF and Oxo . - Too short when mashing in a large bowl -- needs longer handle . - Pommel guard and long bars are not shaped for easy cleaning . - $ $ $ $ $ !!!! $ 45 is ridiculous !
 Unfortunately the manufacturing info on this item is inaccurate . Rosle sold out their fellow countrymen and shipped the jobs to China , supporting a country with extreme human rights violations and criminally lax environmental and product safety standards . Quality is now dubious at best and only worth a fraction of the price being charged .
 Gave this slicer a chance but only lasted a few months before the wire broke . I could even live with that if Amazon carried the replacement wires . However the only place I found them was on the company 's website . I 've sinced purchased theNorpro Cheese Slicerand find that much easier to use and very sturdy .
 We have tried many different cheese slicers and decided to get this one because it seemed heavy duty and was pricey . The wire broke off after 2 months of regular use . Now it 's worthless . Very dissapointing !
 What ?! I travel all over to find this thing and , lo-and-behold , it 's made in ... China ? I thought I was buying a German product ? What the hey ? Will my cheese have toxic chemicals in it ? Yikes ! Is nothing made outside of China anymore ? Get a grip , Germany ! I want the real Deutschland product !!!!!
 I guess I must have been using it wrong , but as soon I tried to tighten it during the first use , the wire snapped . Maybe if it had come with instructions telling me something that was n't obvious -LRB- to me -RRB- I would have done better ?
 The wire broke after about three slices -LRB- of soft mozzarella -RRB- , with no evident way to repair or replace it . Additionally , the stainless handle is too highly polished and easily becomes slippery . Leverage is not as good as the cheaper `` T '' shaped wire cutters .
 I have had an aluminum T type cheese slicer for over 26 years . It has seen hard , continual use , and thankfully is still in my possession . I bought this Rosle just over 6 months ago , have used it probably less than 10 times , and the wire broke tonight . Of course , the return period expired 2 months ago ! The Rosle has not been abused , or overused . It just broke doing the task it is supposedly engineered to do . Buy something else ! Not this !
 It 's basically a box - no frills , NO TURNTABLE , so you constantly have to open it and rotate your food . Our custom built house came with options from the builder and a microwave drawer in the island sounded great . I did n't even think to check for a turntable . That seems like a standard item . The idea of a microwave drawer built-in to the island was great . If I were you I 'd wait until the next generation when prices come down and features improve .
 The earlier review got it right - sounds like a great idea and looks very nice , but with no turntable and very low clearance -LSB- I have a tall coffee mug that can not be reheated in this microwave -RSB- , its not very practical . The food really does cook unevenly and you must stop and turn it several times . We had a bag of microwave popcorn that burned before it was close to completely popping . It looks like the microwave of the future , but works like a microwave from 1985 . It also is very loud when it runs.If you really do n't use a microwave often and want something that looks great , I would n't rule this out . Otherwise wait until they work out the kinks .
 This is a Discontinued Model and has been Replaced by another Model for a while and this is Priced Higher then the New Model . Why would that be ? Discontinued means Replaced by Newer Model with more features and Price does n't Drop
 This Rosle strainer shows all the signs of a poorly made product.It may have been - originally - designed in Germany . Today the product reflects rushed execution and lack of skill in its manufacture . I am disappointed .
 The description clearly states that this item is made in Germany . However it is cheaply made in China
 I assumed that a silk reproduction of an orchid , from seeing them at friends homes , would look more realistic than this one I purchased through Amazon . It is not nearly delicate enough to fool anyone , so I am quite disappointed .
 I returned both of the rosie pastry brushes I ordered as they were too stiff for laminated doughs , and reminded me much more of a barbeque basting brush . It might work better on sturdy pastries , but would n't put it anywhere near proofed dough .
 We recently purchased a set of R&ouml;sle racks from another on-line retailer.That web site did not offer the double spice rack , and now I think I know why . We ordered the spice rack from Amazon.com , and when it arrived , our first impression was that it was beautiful , and solidly made . Unfortunately , when we tried to test it out with spice jars from our cupboard , none of them fit on the bottom shelf of the rack . We tried the shortest jars in our cupboard , and only the half-height sampler jars fit . The top shelf holds only 7 jars . Because of the very poor capacity of the rack , we will be returning it .
 Why is this so expensive ??? This EXACT product is at Home Depot for $ 29.99 . I bought this and it turns out that you need to buy the mounting rod for an extra $ 10 dollars to even be able to install this thing.Pass this one over , especially at this price .
 Great price , poor product . They are beautiful upon arrival . I washed them according to manufacturer 's instructions . You would not believe the copius amounts of lint that piled up in the lint catcher of my dryer -LRB- usually a sign of poor fabric quality -RRB- . While folding them up , I discovered that most of the hems had unraveled and frayed . And I had n't even used them yet ! Unbelievable . I returned them for a full refund , including shipping -LRB- and I stupidly purchased 2 sets -RRB- . Goes to show you get what you pay for . Never again !
 These sheets were soft and wrinkled not crisp . They were peeled in 3 months and felt like sand paper . I did not like these at all .
 I purchased a common ordinary stainless steel napkin holder for 5.99 at Walmart to accomplish this task . You put the filters in arc side down , between the two horizontal braces that hold the sides apart.You could hang it if you wanted . It is actually easier to remove one filter this way .
 The Pan is advertised as haveing a Lid , , The lid is an option , and after a short time of useing it on an electric stove , the bottom scratched easly , -LRB- no way to return it cause it is not in restockable condition -RRB- For the price I would shop around for another brand , -LRB- and supplier -RRB-
 Within 1 month the Pan turned inwards and it is very hard to clean if you use oil on the pan . They say that you have to clean with a sponge but that does n't work.Cleaning and cooking on the Pan is extremely difficult . So do n't buy this product . When I approached the company with the problem they refused to help me.In fact I sent the Pan to them for review and they sent the exact same Pan back to me saying they can not do anything about it . So that means I wasted on posted too.For that price I could have bought another pan which was not taken into consideration by them at all.Not a a good buy at all ... I bought cuisinart product once which was defective and all I did is made a call and they sent me a new one FREE without any questions Now tell me why would I buy T-fal products when there are companies like Cuisinart they bought me as their customer .
 Your thirteen bucks will get you one -LRB- 1 -RRB- wall mount , which is essentially a 3-cent screw , a flimsy plastic cylinder , and a knurled cover . This part , made in China , is not enough to mount any Rosle attachments to the wall ; you need at least two . -LRB- And they 're not sold in pairs . -RRB- This means that to mount my nice $ 50 Rosle knife magnet on my wall , I need to spend $ 26 on this junk . No thanks ! I spent a few bucks at the hardware store and got something much better .
 The wall attachment is fantastic . The problem is that you need two ! This is only ONE . But the description is vague ... and for good reason ! This thing is a lot of money and if you knew you had to pay $ 9 + each , you probably would change you mind !
 I also bought the rail to hold kitchen utensils and found out after receiving the shipment that the wall mounts are not included . You must be very careful to order two wall mounts separately , as the other reviewers mentioned , because they only come one to a pack . Very strange . After two negative reviews , the company still has not changed .
 Rosle is moving their manufacturing to China and having problems with quality control . Some of the hooks were fine but others lost the plastic sleeve that lines the inside of the hooks when pushed onto the rail and then were impossible to install as the sleeve got in the way . I was able to fix the hooks by prying them slightly more open with a screw driver , but now they are looser than I 'd like and still difficult to move around the rail as I adjust hooks to suit my cooking needs .
 I ordered this product as well as a set of extra Swissmar stoppers -- it was one of those things that sounds good , but turns out to be more trouble than it 's worth , and never lives up to the promise . There 's no way to tell for sure if you have a vacuum , unless you bend the release pin on the stopper , but then of course if you had a vacuum , you just released it . And if you do get a good seal , it slowly releases over time.But here 's the biggest warning
 At the risk of being seen and labeled as overly intellectual , I sadly must bring the curtain down on this product.Any first year high school or college chemistry student knows that the Epivac violates the principle of partial pressures . When this pump is used to inject high air pressure into champagne , the pressure of the atmospheric air -LRB- approximately 89 % nitrogen , 19 % oxygen , and 2 % carbon dioxide , `` noble '' gasses , ozone , smog , and everything else -RRB- is indeed increased appreciably . However , that will not stop the carbonation in the champagne from bubbling out into the air at the top of the bottle , and filling the space up with carbon dioxide . This process will continue until the partial pressure of the carbon dioxide in this space is equal to the pressure of new carbonation -LRB- carbonic acid , or H2CO3 -RRB- trying to bubble out.Once this equilibrium is reached , the bubbling will indeed stop -- however , the same result would have been achieved by simply recorking the bottle . In order for the Epivac to prevent the champagne from losing its fizz , the product would have to inject or pump in pure carbon dioxide gas under pressure . Such products do exist , but they are considerably more expensive than the Epivac.Please Note
 Godd advertising and the product is almost good . The first time I tried to use it 2 folks at the gathering said they each had wished they knew I wanted one of these because they each had one at home that also was not that useful .
 This item was an exciting find for me , but clumsy to use on some wine bottles and not made of very good quality materials . The cover does n't fit that well and cracked in shipping .
 I have used one of these for several years and finally wore it out . This new one just does n't work very well . I have no idea why , but it does n't , so I am extremely disappointed .
 I bought this for a birthday gift for my husband . He 's getting into wines . Well we were very disappointed . You need to pump forever and the seal does not hold . Do n't waste your money . If you want the air taken out either drink all the wine or use a vacuum sealer .
 Pump shipped to me did not work . I had to get a replacement from the manufacture . It took several hours of effort to find manufacture 's phone number and another week to get replacement pump .
 I purchased this item in October of 2011 along the the related ladder clamp to hold my lounge chairs . I did not use it until February of this year when I took a trip to Florida in my RV . The chair rack and cover were installed according to the directions . On the third day on the road , the seams of the cover split , exposing the chairs to the elements that the cover was designed to prevent . This product is totally useless and poorly constructed . I then replaced it with an eight dollar tarp and a couple of bungee cords ; they worked just fine .
 I bought this for a birthday gift for my husband . He 's getting into wines . Well we were very disappointed . You need to pump forever and the seal does not hold . Do n't waste your money . If you want the air taken out either drink all the wine or use a vacuum sealer .
 Pump shipped to me did not work . I had to get a replacement from the manufacture . It took several hours of effort to find manufacture 's phone number and another week to get replacement pump .
 I ordered this product as well as a set of extra Swissmar stoppers -- it was one of those things that sounds good , but turns out to be more trouble than it 's worth , and never lives up to the promise . There 's no way to tell for sure if you have a vacuum , unless you bend the release pin on the stopper , but then of course if you had a vacuum , you just released it . And if you do get a good seal , it slowly releases over time.But here 's the biggest warning
 At the risk of being seen and labeled as overly intellectual , I sadly must bring the curtain down on this product.Any first year high school or college chemistry student knows that the Epivac violates the principle of partial pressures . When this pump is used to inject high air pressure into champagne , the pressure of the atmospheric air -LRB- approximately 89 % nitrogen , 19 % oxygen , and 2 % carbon dioxide , `` noble '' gasses , ozone , smog , and everything else -RRB- is indeed increased appreciably . However , that will not stop the carbonation in the champagne from bubbling out into the air at the top of the bottle , and filling the space up with carbon dioxide . This process will continue until the partial pressure of the carbon dioxide in this space is equal to the pressure of new carbonation -LRB- carbonic acid , or H2CO3 -RRB- trying to bubble out.Once this equilibrium is reached , the bubbling will indeed stop -- however , the same result would have been achieved by simply recorking the bottle . In order for the Epivac to prevent the champagne from losing its fizz , the product would have to inject or pump in pure carbon dioxide gas under pressure . Such products do exist , but they are considerably more expensive than the Epivac.Please Note
 Godd advertising and the product is almost good . The first time I tried to use it 2 folks at the gathering said they each had wished they knew I wanted one of these because they each had one at home that also was not that useful .
 This item was an exciting find for me , but clumsy to use on some wine bottles and not made of very good quality materials . The cover does n't fit that well and cracked in shipping .
 I have used one of these for several years and finally wore it out . This new one just does n't work very well . I have no idea why , but it does n't , so I am extremely disappointed .
 But way too fragile . These glasses have been broken while being hand washed . The few remaining now are relegated to the back of the cabinet and labeled ` the good ones ' . For the money , try something a bit thicker at the rim , hopefully the 'll be less fragile . -LRB- Or just go to the dollar store , and care a bit less if one gets dropped . -RRB-
 This deal has been running since September and I know people who have been told they may not get glasses until April of next year . Mine 's been pushed back from early Oct. to mid Nov. . I 'm hanging on since I do n't have an immediate need for the glasses but I still like a bargain.Some people now are reporting that their orders are being cancelled because the items are unavailable . Not true because these glasses can be bought almost anywhere . I guess it 's easy to discount something you do n't intend to sell.Glasses showed up with one broken . The packaging they use for glassware is completely inadequate . There is padding on all sides BUT the bottom.This review applied only to the buy 6 and get 6 more free . The current -LSB- price -RSB- for 6 glasses can be beat at many places .
 Of the three boxes I ordered , over 35 % arrived broken . When Amazon replaced the broken glasses , the new box arrived with 2 of 6 glasses broken .
 Here we are in the middle of March , and I continue to wait for an order placed in late December . Make no mistake about it -- this is a very good product , and indeed makes a difference in enhancing the qualities of your better wines . I have enjoyed wine in these glasses before , and hoped to get some of my own . As price goes , this is a pretty good deal also.However , none of this counts for a thing if you ca n't actually get your hands on the glasses . I ordered a set of both the Bordeaux & the Burgundy glasses in late December , and received the Burgundy glasses -LRB- entirely intact , incidentally -RRB- in mid-January . I continue to wait for the Bordeaux glasses.A query to Customer Service revealed that these glasses are on back-order , and that Amazon is NOT REALLY SURE when they will be able to get glasses from their supplier to re-stock their inventory . Yet , this website continues to state that this item `` usually ships within 24 hours . `` These are definitely glasses worth having , but check with Amazon to make sure they have this item in stock before plunking down your money .
 These would be nice glasses , if Amazon could deliver them effectively . I ordered two sets on December 12 as Christmas gifts , receieved them broken twice , and as of Jan. 26 , Amazon has not shipped a replacement set -LRB- there no indication in my account that they 're doing anything -RRB- . Amazon 's call center in India tells me I 'll receive a refund , in spite of the fact that I indicated that I 'd like the product delivered . I checked Amazon 's site recently and the price of the sets had gone up from 2 for $ 29.99 to $ 39.99 each . In other words , if I want the glasses , from Amazon , I 'll have to reorder at the higher price . I thought fraid and false advertising were illegal in this country . Maybe they do n't know that in India.At least Amazon is saving money on their customer service by sending those jobs to India . Maybe they 'll find new customers there as well to replace the customers they disregard and disrespect in the this one .
 The glasses were ok , but not great , for Bordeaux and other red wines . Additionally , only 5 glasses arrived in our box -LRB- which was intended to be a set of 6 -RRB- . Merchant refused to respond to requests to send the 6th glass -- or provide a pro-rata refund for the missing glass -- so we sent all 5 of them back . Oh well .
 received 4 boxes of these glasses-all had 1 broken glass and all had to be returned . Tired of going to the post office to return them . This seems to be a product Amazon should not sell unless they stop shipping them in a box with a couple of small flaccid air bags .
 These glasses were given to me as a gift . I used them without thinking much about it until recently , when at a friend 's home I experienced the Riedel Bordeaux glasses . The difference in quality and design was notable , and especially the shape of the Riedel glasses makes the wine taste better . I immediately gave away these Spiegelau glasses and bought several sets of Riedel . The Spiegelau glasses are comparatively thick and not the optimum shape . Spiegelau is better than what you 'd find in Wal-Mart , but if you 're going to spend money on fine wine glasses because you appreciate the wines you 'll be drinking from them , I recommend you spend a bit more and spring for the Riedel .
 To anyone ordering these glasses : I placed my order on Sept. 27 and the latest delay shows me receiving maybe by December 5th . Many other people have not reveived their glasses from this special offer either . What is odd is that they appear to still be offering the 6 free glasses when buying another 6 . Some people I know have been told their orders will be delayed until April 2003 . So do n't but these if you are in a hurry to get them .
 I ordered this product and when it arrived there were only 5 glasses in the set . One was missing . Amazon.com did absolutely nothing for me .
 I have a habit of wiping the edge of my wine glass during dinner . When I wiped one of these with the edge of a soft napkin , the glass broke .
 Ordered the `` Buy one get one '' offer on 10/24 . Received a notice that the shipment would be delayed on 11/10 . Then was told that my order has been canceled , as the items were no longer available . Then , low and behold
 It was difficult to pick the tips of my fingers from out of the fries . However the fries we 're delicious .
 The storage area for the two blades is so tight that the tip of the blades are scratching the plastic every time you put it in the holder , how long can that last before it destroys the blades ? The insructions are only about 30 per cent in English , the parts you really need are in German . It slices 95 percent of the piece , then . You have to dig out the rest between razor sharp blades . I can not believe this thing got so many good reviews . I am sending it back
 I bought this item for my wife soley by looking at the high ratings and great reviews from the others who bought this item . My wife was dissapointed in the product . Although care was used , she almost sliced her hand . The blades did not give us the diversity of cuts that we wanted . Overall , it is cheap for a good reason
 The slicer seems to be well made , the blades are dangerously sharp , however , it failed to accomplish the task I purchased it for : Dicing rutabagas , parsnips , carrots.What is wrong :1 -RRB- these root vegetables are very hard . Even when using all my strength , there is no way I can slide a rutabaga through the slicer , unless I pre-cut into very thin pieces . I might as well dice it by hand2 -RRB- dicing requires you to first slice the vegetable by hand into strips , the mandolin only provides slicing in the perpendicular direction . In other words - worthless , you are doing about 70 % of the work by knife anyway , the mandolin provides no real value .3 -RRB- the plastic holder can not accommodate larger pieces of vegetables , you are forced to slice them to proper size for the mandolin . The tool is not helping , it is in your way .4 -RRB- the topmost layer of the vegetable usually gets stuck in the blades , forcing you to undertake the risky procedure of prying a chunk of vegetable out of an array of razor-sharp knives5 -RRB- the anti-cut gloves that should help with this are yet another thing in your way you do not have to deal with if you simply use a knife6 -RRB- the V-shaped inserts in the top of the tool tend to come out if you are trying to yank a stuck piece of veggieVerdict
 I had high hopes for this mandoline . However , it does a horrible job with slicing mushrooms . I have yet to try slicing anything else because I 'm so discouraged ...
 Upon reading other reviews I placed order for this unit . When it arrived I was dismayed at what you get for this money . Upon using I became more dismayed as the unit is almost impossible to use . The food drags on the slide . Using the holder helps move the food but it only cuts about half way down and then you are left with the other half to cut by hand with a knife and cutting board . Kind of defeats the purpose . Plastic is flimsy and distorts when food is pushed through causing irregular cuts . For this much money much improvement is expected . I do n't recommend . In fact I returned this and got a Bron which is the original mandoline maker . Will see how that works when it arrives . A cutting board and knife would be faster and easier to clean than this plastic thing . I wonder if some of the other favorable reviews were placed on Amazon by the manufacturer .
 I purchased it as a gift . It is pretty much useless for anything other than the largest vegetables . Once it gets to about a 1/2 '' thick it fails and fails miserably . So if you have small carrots , radishes , etc do n't even think about using this.Too bad I have to give it one star , it does not deserve any ! Worst purchase I 've ever made on Amazon .
 I received this item earlier this week and have to say that it is one of the cheapest , poorly constructed , hard to work with kitchen appliances -- ever . Do n't bother with this product -- I 'm returning it for a refund today .
 Do n't buy this product if you value digits and appendages . I nearly lopped off my thumb -LRB- lots of blood EVERYWHERE -RRB- using the safety guard . This is perhaps the most evil appliance ever created . I think the germans are trying to get back at us !!! DO NOT BUY IF YOU WANT TO LIVE .
 Light weight not particularly rugged but very good at slicing most anything you can imagine . Will slice partly frozen steak , or ripe tomatoes thin as paper . Great addition to your kitchen !
 I must be slicer-challenged , for all I get is mush . In theory this should work , but give me a sharp knife instead . This is on its way to Goodwill where someone more gifted than I may benefit .
 I have not had the experience of so many others here . The item is not easy to set up , one must be careful of the blades surrounding the borders of the slicer inserts . Not easy to clean , made mush of the tomatoes , and potatoes.Sorry , my experience rates this one star .
 After reading a ton of reviews all over the place , I finally settled on this as my choice for inexpensive mandolin slicing . I should have passed.As far as I can tell , the only things I think it would be good for are hard vegetables without a lot of juice . My first -LRB- and second , and third -RRB- attempts to dice an onion with this were abysmal failures -- and extremely messy ones at that , too ! I have since gone back to hand-cutting larger pieces , then throwing the bits into the food processor . -LRB- I love the taste of onions , but not the texture . I cook them down very , very soft . -RRB- Using it to slice carrots and parsnips was a little easier , and less of a mess , but still more work than I think my food processor would have been.Having been used very little , it is now resting in its box with all manuals , waiting to be gifted to a friend or family member . Maybe s/he will get more out of it than I did .
 I have not been able to use this and would rather return it because the instructions are not satisfactory . I did manage to cut myself and not the vegetables . Waste of money and time .
 I am extremely disappointed in this product and if I did n't throw out the box , I would return it . For years I have been using a Rosle slicer -LRB- that has NEVER been sharpened but works on all vegetables even after all these years -RRB- . However the Rosle slicer only slices . I wanted this specifically to julienne raw carrots , raw beets and to make french fries . The root vegetable would get stuck about half way through slicing . To the point that I had to take a chefs knife to remove the vegetable without trying to hurt myself . I tried this with both blades . Since I do n't need a slicer , I can not comment on the slicer -LRB- though I was surprised that there is no adjustable knob for thickness -RRB- .
 Like others before me I had the same problem with the mandoline staining after my first use trying to julienne carrots . Also it would not completely julienne the carrots leaving at least a quarter carrot every time . I specifically bought this as a foray into Asian cooking but it 's just not that efficient so back it goes .
 I bought this based on reviews I read but was disappointed . It does not slice an onion very well . The thickness of the slices was uneven and it snagged when slicing . It definitely does not work for tomatoes . I spent more time trying to use this than if I had sliced the vegetables by hand . It was also a pain to clean . I would not recommend this slicer .
 I did soooo much research on mandolines and found that everyone on this website rated this so high . I received it for Christmas and was very disappointed . It 's very flimsy and definately not very sturdy and did not seem safe to me . I have used the Pampered Chef version of this before and loved it . This one there is no feet on it , so you have to hold it with your left hand and the slicer does not attach to the product , so when you are slicing your hand can easily slip and you can easily cut yourself . The only good thing I have to say about this product is that it is very sharp and would probably do a great job cutting , but not at the price of getting hurt . My advice is to look into another mandoline ...
 I bought this for my mother for her birthday , because she 'd been looking for one for a while , dropping hints , etc. . Reading the reviews , I figured the value/quality on this is high.I 'm now returning it to get the OXO version . Her complaints were exactly the same as others here
 I was replacing old Mandoline and this did not fulfill that . I returned this item . Blade was dull and hard to use with dull blade . I tried cutting a vegetable and not only was it difficult but it stained the surface of the Mandoline . This one not for me .
 I bought this device so I could make sweet potato fries . My husband , who is very strong , was struggling with all his might to cut the sweet potatoes up . A couple of times he lost his grip and almost created a few `` finger fries . '' Would n't recommend this for anything hard like sweet potatoes or carrots . It 's just too risky ! I was told by seller that nobody has ever returned this . I know why ... they charge a 35 % restocking fee because it 's used and I would have to pay return shipping -LRB- the shipping I expected -RRB- .
 This tool will satisfy most of your culinary efforts.For the true gourmet chef though , the device does n'tprovide the finer julienne that makes the differencebetween a nice presentation and a truly delicatepresentation .
 I like having fingers more than I like using this contraption.I bought this on June 25th . I think I used it three or four times . I liked that it all stored together . Except that taking it out of the storage thingy scared the bejeesus out of me every time I went to use it . Nothing would slide easily out and with those blades there was no safe place to get a good hold on anything to pull it out.It 's sharp and it does slice just like it says . And the finger guard does work . Unless you are using one of the julienne blades and some food gets stuck in between them . Holy wow . Do n't touch those things . I was shredding up a pile of brussels sprouts for dinner last night and I will say , even with those tough customers , the blades were slicing through them like buttah . Also , MY FINGER when I barely touched one while dislodging some sprout . I cleaned up and kept on slicing and telling myself I need to just be more careful . And then I was like `` Self , being more careful in this situation ? Means never touching this thing again . '' So I took the whole shebang and threw it in the trash . Because I am really far too much of a klutz to use such a thing ever without bodily harm . I finished shredding in my food processor . Which has way more parts and was a pain in the butt to wash , but it involved less bleeding into the dinner.So , if you are n't a fool like me , this could work for you .
 I found the instructions and the mandoline itself difficult to use . My son and his wife -LRB- both scientists -RRB- found it difficult to figure out as well . It was very flimsy as well , and did n't work . I returned it .
 I had never used one of these before and was impressed with the reviews on Amazon , so this was the mandoline I picked . The price seemed right , and the reviews were decent . But when I actually used it , I realized it 's not a very good Mandoline . I do n't like that it 's got no legs to elevate it like so many other models have . This is a dangerous tool , and without the legs it just feels a lot more dangerous . It also has no real option to adjust the thickness of the cuts . Other mandolin 's have a dial for adjusting the width . This only gives you two thickness options , thin and thick . Also , there is no blade for crinkle/waffle cut , and you ca n't add one either . Some of these facts are in the description , but it 's not until I got the product that I realized how important the options are . I was pretty disappointed with this , and will probably very rarely use it . I definitely recommend forking out some more money and getting something that 's more versatile .
 I used my slicer for the first time and am very disappointed . I tried making thin sweet potato slices and the slicer just did n't do the job . If a raw potato is too much for the blades , then I do n't think this was worth it . This model came so highly rated that I 'm very surprised and let down . My hope is that I somehow used it wrong . If any of the happy reviewers can advise me , I welcome their comments .
 This thing was difficult to deal with - getting the blades and cutter out of the holder is tricky every time . I found that it did not make cutting easier or more uniform - just more time consuming . I tried using it when I was doing a canning project and it just did n't help me much . I gave it to a friend who has carpal tunnel syndrome -- I think that it will help her a lot more since she ca n't hold a knife.If you can hold a knife , do n't bother with this thing .
 This thing got a lot of great reviews , but it 's highly overrated . The veggie/fruit holder is weak and does n't effectively hold anything you try to slice . The slicer is fairly small making it difficult to cut large onions while they 're still whole . Sure , you can cut them , but that does n't work as well if you like nice round slices for a burger or for onion rings . If I had to do it over again , I 'd spend the extra money and get a professional grade one that 's larger and is made of stainless steel . Thankfully , Amazon makes the return process pretty easy .
 I have tried to use this a few times and have never quite figured out why so many people love it . The safety handle thing is difficult to use with most vegetables and wastes at least some of each one . If the vegetable is not very solid it usually disintegrates long before I can get it sliced . The printed information with the slicer claims the holder can be hung on the wall but for the life of me I ca n't figure out how that works because blades go in the back and the saftey handle goes on the front . For those reasons , I can not recommend this product to others .
 I bought this for my wife as a surprise . The surprise was that it was a piece of junk . The first one we got , and yes it was new , had bent blades , a broken ring , and the screws were crooked . I figured with all these great reviews it was a fluke.The manufacturer sent us another one . So the first was a fluke ? No . We had similar issues with the second one straight from the factory . This one was however useable so we figured we would at least try it . The results are pathetic . Slicing an apple as a test dummy we tried all blades . The french fry like blade makes a sliver so thin I can not think of a use for it . The straight cutting blade would work decently , but the screws stick up and essentially mutilate the sliced object.If you wrote a positive review for this , you have never cooked before.If you buy this , you will write a review very similar to this one .
 I bought the V-slicer after reading all the great reviews and was totally dissapointed . My $ 5 slicer from the discount store did a much better job . I bought it mostly to cut french fries . If you plan to use it with softer vegetables try it . But I would n't reccomend it for slicing potatoes or carrots !
 The plastic is flimsy and stains readily . It does a very poor job of slicing ripe tomatoes.Does an OK job of slicing firm veggies .
 First of all , respect the edges of this Mandoline when you get it . It is super sharp and very easy to cut yourself so use the device it comes with for holding your fruit or veg and you may want to consider buying protective gloves.This Mandoline did a great job for the first 9 months but now the blades seem very dull . Getting it to slice potatoes is extremely difficult and even something as soft as tomatoes is not nearly as easy to slice as it used to be . I am not sure if there is any way to sharpen them and would love to know if someone has . For this reason i would not recommend this device . The center is dull and the edges are still super sharp . This makes this thing more dangerous than it is worth and after paying nearly 40 dollars for it i am disappointed that I may end up just throwing it in the trash .
 This slicer is very difficult to use , especially with any speed . The `` food safety holder '' is a major pitfall . It 's large and unwieldy -- and very hard to use with any foods that do n't actually fit up inside the center of it . With long veggies like yellow squash or zuccini , you only get 2-3 slices before you hit the holder and the food falls off . You can cut the vegetable into smaller pieces that fit up inside the holder , but this makes long slices impossible . -LRB- I like to julienne squash/zuccini lengthwise to substitute for pasta in low-carb cooking . -RRB- Once you cut it to fit in the holder , the pieces are too short to use as noodles . I 'm sure they added the wide guard for safety purposes , but when the food almost immediately falls off and your hand goes sliding down without it , it 's actually more dangerous . There are no tracks to keep it in place on top of the slicer when you 're working closer to the blades , or guides to prevent it from slipping sideways . It is also very difficult to keep over a bowl ; it has no grips and you have to hold it with one hand and try to slice with the other . It slides around and slips off the bowl rim , which is really dangerous for the fingers . The blades are good and sharp , but because of the holder and lack of grips for staying on the bowl , I can work faster -- and safer -- with a good sharp chef 's knife.UPDATE
 Was purchased to replace a Benriner -LRB- Japanese -RRB- . Huge mistake . Cutter blades are so thin that they flex when slicing more dense vegetables . Edges of the plastic cover are cracked in the corners even though never used . Plastic anti-skid pads on the bottom peeled off for no apparent reason . Device had been used about 6x . Have been pleased with German cutlery in the past but this is poorest product I 've wasted money on in many years !
 We used ours weekly since we bought it a few months ago to slice potatoes . I always felt it was unsafe as the hand guard does not slot into the base in any way and so slips around a lot . I refused to use the thing , preferring a knife , but my husband loved it.Until last week , when he took off the end of his finger . Completely . His hand on the hand guard slipped as it tends to do with this machine , and ended up with a trip to the ER and blood ALL over the kitchen.I think I 'll be sticking with a knife in future .
 Blades themselves are crazy sharp and that 's good for the veggies . And this product has that over-engineered quality you expect from a German -LRB- Swiss ? -RRB- product . Alas , the veggie holder is the weak link . Too often one is frustrated with it and risks holding the veggies by hand . You might say , `` Duh , what do you think could happen if holding the veggies by hand ! '' And you 're right - cut fingers ! But as a designer , any design is flawed when it does n't work as intended and the user makes adaptations . In my opinion , the poorly functioning holder is a big flaw and it puts you -LRB- your fingers -RRB- at risk . I am not alone in this assessment as other users in our home have had the same problems with the veggie holder . As such , the product is too dangerous to use and after a recent incident will by put out to pasture . One other design flaw is that it sits too close to the counter ; you frequently have to clear out the cut veggies to make room for more .
 I managed to slice my finger on it the 2nd time using it . -LRB- I consider myself very coordinated and not accident prone by the way -RRB- It 's not easy to clean either since the blades are so sharp . So , I 'd guess one would need to settle on some veggie stains . They say all you need to do is rinse of water and store in it 's safety box , but just a rinse does n't get things off . If you soak it in sudsy sink . . you might cut yourself going into the bubble blind to fetch the pieces to clean.Also mine shipped with two 7mm julienne pieces . i was missing the 3.5 mm piece . The sole reason I bought this was to make zucchinni noodles . It made great thick 7mm noodles but the process to obtain these noodles was risky .
 I can not recommend this because quite frankly it 's dangerous and I surprised Amazon risk selling it . It feels cheap and while opening it one of the razor sharp blade sets dropped out of the weak plastic case and just missed my foot . A knife can be dangerous but at least its clear where the sharp end is . This is just a cheap plastic case with jagged blades everywhere . We returned it immediately .
 Yes this item slices like a hot knife through soft butter but will do the same with your finger.I was in the ER for 3 hours last night as the Doc . reattached the tip of my index finger . I admit I thought I could do a couple of test slices of a potato but , even sliced long way the slicer got my finger . DO NOT EVEN ATTEMPT A SINGLE SLICE WITHOUT THE HOLDER ... . Also the directions are confusing and it will take you 10 minutes to figure out how to use the V-Slicer although I 'm certain once you get the hang of it you 'll be quicker.Please be careful even with the holder , as the former demo fellow said , he even lost a finger tip after years of demos because his hand was wet and he slipped.One more thing the ER Doc . said I would n't believe the number of patients he had with the same injury from the same device ...
 Unfortunately , I was most disappointed in this product . The plastic material that it is constructed of seems extremely flimsy for the sharpness of the v-slicer knife part . I only tried to use one of the other blades that comes with this slicer and was unable to push the potato through more than once . Also , halfway through one beet the vegetable got stuck in the `` v '' and I had to use a knife to get it out . A bit too dangerous for me and I am a 40-year cook ! Also , this is not my first mandolin . I do NOT recommend this product .
 I have wasted a ton of food and risked major injury trying to use this!First off , the thing has no legs so you have to prop it over a bowl or hold it with one hand while you slice with the other hand . This does not provide a secure platform for slicing , dicing , etc. and I end up with uneven slices.The safety food holder does not slide easily nor does it do a good job of holding the food . So my zucchini , etc. slips and slides all over the place while I 'm trying to cut the vegetables and avoid maiming myself on those blades.And the only way to control the slice thickness is by the amount of pressure applied , unlike other mandoline assemblies that use dials . So between holding the blade assembly in one hand while trying to negotiate the cumbersome , poorly designed food safety holder in the other , I find it impossible to maintain an even pressure on the food and end up with all sorts of different thicknesses.I 've used this primarily to -LRB- try to -RRB- create paper-thin slices of zucchini for raw vegetarian lasagna . It 's been a huge failure . I 've ended up with 60 % of the zucchini ruined - uneven slices , wasted chunks , torn slices . What a mess and what a disappointment ! I wish I had n't bought the thing !
 I was introduced to a mandoline in a cooking class and loved it ! I looked on Amazon to find one for myself - after reading the reviews in my price range , I ordered this one ... I 'm disappointed . The food to be sliced does not slide smoothly over the blades , it often gets stuck at the bottom . The cap is designed to safely hold the food while slicing , but it is difficult to push the food down while trying to glide it back and forth over the blade - bad ergonomics ? Finally - heed the warning about ALWAYS using the food-holder cap ! My own fault - I tried to shortcut and the cut on the top of my finger was so deep - the finger tip is still numb ! Dumb !
 I found that the rubbing of the vegetable holder against the plastic rims of the base as you slice is enough to wear the plastic of the holder and I ended up with crumbs of plastic in the food . This really surprised me . Of course the blades could cut the plastic if you turn the vegetable holder the wrong way and the holder comes into contact with the blades but this was n't the blades , it was just the plastic rails that are the edges of top of the base . I do n't see how you avoid having the vegetable holder rub along the edges of the base as you finish slicing a particular piece of vegetable .
 First , I bought this product from a vendor at the NC State Fair , not from Amazon , but it is the same product . I saw a demo before purchase . I would have exchanged or returned it , but the vendor did not return the following year.First impressions , it is made of flimsy plastic . For as sharp as the blades are , assembly and disassembly is n't as easy as you 'd hope . The blades are exposed , so it looks like it would be easy to hurt yourself.The demo I saw used a variety of vegetables , and it looked impressive . Using the product myself was another matter . It is a bit unwieldy . You feel the need to make sure others are not around you when assembly and disassembly so a sharp blade insert does n't go flying because you had to use extra force to separate jammed parts.Large vegetable pieces work best . Trying to julienne baby carrots was almost more difficulty than it was worth . I tried to julienne an heirloom tomato . It did not work well . It became a mushy mess . The part that sits next to the holder does not get sliced , so either it gets wasted , or you have to break out a knife to finish the job . Like another review said , if you have to break out a knife , is n't that contrary to the point of this slicer ? I 've had some of the vegetable that I used break off from the chunk I 'm gliding through the device and get stuck in the blades . Then you have to use a utensil to get it out or try to push through . Where the V-shaped blades converge , with the way the inserts fit in , there is a small `` hole '' where pieces can slip through , if not lose some uniformity in your cuts . I saw a demo that used a block of cheese , and the julienne slicer was used . I do n't know if he used a harder or colder block of cheese , but I tried the same thing , and cheese got horribly stuck in the slicer , especially in the insert.There are no guides for the piece that holds the food , so if you get off-center , the blades will dig into the food holder . The food holder has small cone-shaped teeth to help hold , and 4 piercing metal prongs . On carrots , for example , the prongs will not pierce , and the teeth slip and mangle your food.Well , my initial thoughts about the flimsy plastic was correct . After a handful of uses spread out over a couple of months , cracks developed in the plastic all over . I have cracks on the main slicer and on the inserts.The blades appear to be stainless , as there has been no rusting there , but the underlying metal where the blades attach under the plastic is not , as the cracks that developed have rust in them.One last complaint is cleaning . The description says all you have to do is rinse it . That 's all you have to do because that 's the only easy thing to do . When I used cheese that one time , the slicer was a nightmare to clean , as simply rinsing wo n't merely do when you 've got residue from the cheese all over everything.For regular slices , I would rather use a sharp knife than the V-slicer without the julienne inserts . Zero set-up , and you can just throw it in the dishwasher . For julienne slicing -LRB- the supposed bonus of this device for me -RRB- , it is so frustrating and often does n't work well . I personally would n't buy another one again .
 Maybe I 'm just used to hand chopping/slicing on my cutting board , but I 've tried to use it a several times & just did n't get the hang of it . Maybe if I could see someone else use it correctly I would catch on . I 've thought about sending it back or possibly giving it to my daughter who 's an excellent cook .
 I ordered two of these and have n't even used mine yet . I gave one as a gift , and to my embarrassment , it contained two 3.5 mm blades instead of one 3.5 mm and one 7 mm blade.I emailed Swissmar and asked then to send me a 7 mm insert , and their response was , `` send it back to Amazon . `` With that kind of customer support , I wo n't buy any other Swissmar product again , no matter how well it 's rated .
 This one takes practice and I never got the hang of it . Made a few desperately poor slices . Some too thick . Some too thin . I 'm a Ph.D. , but putting my valuable spare time into learning a kitchen gadget was out of the question . I sent it back .
 I read many of the rave reviews , but this was one Amazon purchase I have regretted . This is a precision German kitchen tool -LRB- extremely sharp ! -RRB- , no doubt about that . But in my opinion , it 's inappropriate for casual home use . First , there is a cumbersomeness to it when taking it in and out of its protective container - I thought I would accidentally cut myself so many times . The plastic pieces are meant to be easy to remove and put together , but they get jammed together , but leaving them out for convenience would mean danger . The pain of having to be this extra careful prohibits casual use -LRB- i.e. , not worth using for slicing potatoes for only 4 people -RRB- . I also did not want my four year old to be watching me use it , lest she try it on her own when I am not around -LRB- you know children -RRB- . I have decided to give it away today . To be fair , it 's a great product for a caterer or a small start up restaurant .
 I know I am a minority here , but I just want to share w / everyone my 2 cents . This gadget obviously does n't work for me . I bought it because of all the great reviews . I cook daily and I fequently julienne vegetables like carrots , zuchini , daikon turnips by hand and it 's not my favorate part of cooking . The first time I used the V-slicer I was trying to cut carrots into match-stick sizes -LRB- juliennes -RRB- . The red carot juice stained the white plastic board right away and despite immediately rinsing and washing w / detergents it would n't come off . I did n't try bleach because I ca n't imaging using bleach on food related items . The blades are really sharp , but as I worked to process the veggies it made a huge mess - I had to use a giant bowl below to catch the `` debris '' , and I almost cut myself when I tried to wipe the little food pieces off the board surface . I tried it a second time with some other vegetables and although the cuts looked good I just did n't think it 's worth the time and effort to use it and clean up later -LRB- I cook for myself , so it 's not very time consuming to do everything by hand -RRB- . When I have company , I take out my food processor for large volumn processing . To me , the cleaning trouble is about the same for my food processor and the V-slicer . A good sharp knife is obviously the best investment if you have a very small family to feed .
 I tried to slice carrots and it was difficult to mount the carrots to the slider handle , the knife insert is very loose inside the V slot . The carrots kept falling off all the time.Then I tried slaw and it became a big mess , the cut pieces are inconsistent , the slider handle is too small to properly mount a good size piece . The knife insert is loose again and that makes it difficult to maintain a consistent sliding motion.I am disappointed .
 I bought this product as a result of the raving reviews . However I was disappointed since the product is fiddly to use . It is difficult to wash if what you are slicing gets caught in the blades . The blades are very sharp .
 This is one of the worst down comforter I have ever seen . It looks good when you buy it . But when i started using it it was nothing that I expected from a down comforter . It surface becomes cold and remains cold . That may because of the polyster . I had to take the fleece shawl between comforter and me . Also the down has started coming out within one week . So when ever I sleep with sweater on , next day morning my sweater is all white with down . I thought it must be from the factory so i washed as per the instructions and still it is the same . The stiching is of really poor quality and down keeps coming out . Its a cheap product with cheap quality . If you need a good down comforter buy a good one from famous outlets .
 This comforter has little to no batting or stuffing in it . We were very disappointed but did not want to waste the time in returning it to you .
 In our experience , the non-stick lining did n't work very well . What 's worse is that after just a couple of months , it began to flake off into our food . I first noticed this issue when I flipped a brownie upside down and noticed there was a patch of silvery material stuck to it . Hopefully no one actually ate any of it ...
 I was excited to replace the crappy old aluminum pan I 'd been using for years . That was , until I 'd used this replacement a few times . The rubbery things in the handles do n't really hold up well in the oven . It says that the pan is oven-safe up to 450 degrees and I used it at temps of 350-400 . The handles will never look the same again and I removed them after the first couple of uses . They were n't very functional anyway because they do n't provide as much coverage on the bottom of them so you ca n't really get the grip where it is most important for pulling a hot pan out of the oven . The pan was stained within the first couple of uses and the nonstick surface is n't so great . I give it a 2 because it is still somewhat functional and I often have a need for a pan this size ; however , I do n't really like it much and I wish I had n't already thrown out my old one .
 very disappointed in these topiaries . I bought them for either side of the front door . However , they were not as expected . There is a wooden rod in the center which completely shows through the greenery . In addition , at the slightest wind , they fall over . It is an outrageous price tag for something the average person could throw together with items bought at Michael 's .
 The handles are made of such poor grade of silicon that they become sticky in a 350F oven . At 400F they are melty and begin to recede off their frame , at 450F they disintegrate . I have a feeling that at 500F they will catch on fire ... After using it once in high heat they melted handles will forever be disfigured and sticky.Furthermore , the cooking surface itself is below any basic baking standard . within about 4-6 minutes of entering the oven it twists . It does n't even do it graceful , it is a rather abrups twist with a bang that you can hear around the house and often cookies , potatoes or whatever is there jumps with it and lands not where you nicely put it . Larger more dense surfaces like a brownie will crack and things like chicken that may have some sauce or fat on them will splash all over the oven . The uneven baking surface of the twisted metal will now collect all liquids in the lowest corner . Seriously , it brings a whole new meaning to `` If you ca n't take the heat ; get out of the kitchen '' ... After a few bakings you can expect the color of the surface to begin to brown . The black bottom is just thin layer of paint that will be stripped off in scratches made by normal things such as your oven rack or Scotch Brite dish scrub.Cuisinart has made its great brand name by building quality products in America . In recent years however , they like to stick their logo on every piece of junk coming from china and charge premium for it . It really turned into a generic downmarket brand . I purchased several Cuisinart product about 2 years ago -LRB- immersion blender , baking sheets , food processor -RRB- and they all seem to be absolute junk.My advice ? Go to a restaurant supply store , pay less than half the price and get a real professional grade baking sheet that will not melt , twist or wear off and can take the abuse of a household that actually use it to cook
 I am disappointed in the quality of this name brand and higher priced pan ... once in the oven it makes a bang and distorts out of shape only to return to flatness when cooled . The silicone handles are great to hold , but if you have any liquids in the pan they will gravitate to the lower side of the pan when it warps , so be careful . Non-stick surface is great . I am considering requesting an exchange as this may just be a defective one .
 I purchased several pieces of Cuisinart bake ware when it was on sale in a local cooking store . They looked beautiful on the shelve and the silicon grips looked like a great idea.Unfortunately , in practice , I had a problem with each piece of bake ware .1 . The silicon grips began disintegrate on first use . After the first use I found a blank rubbery chunk in the oven and I could not figure out where it came from . When I was washing the baking sheet I saw that the bottom part of the silicon handle was disintegrating . I would not even call it melting , it was just coming apart . I believe the first usage was at 375F . The second time I use it was at 450F . And one side totally melted fell out when I wash washing the baking sheet.I am attaching a photo -LRB- under customer photos in the top left of the main page -RRB- with the melted handle so you can see what happened to it .2 . The surface of the baking sheet began having brown spots that I am not able to remove .3 . When I baked a pie using this sheet to catch any spill over , the metal twisted from moving the pie dish to one side to the very edge of the sheet . This caused a spill to miss the sheet and get on to the oven itself.I had similar problems with the other Cuisinart bake ware pieces I bought at the same time . I am surprised and disappointed . Cuisinart name used to mean high quality to me . That 's why I was willing to pay a premium price for the items . But this time the higher price was not worth it.Ali Julia review
 Length :
 This is one of the worst down comforter I have ever seen . It looks good when you buy it . But when i started using it it was nothing that I expected from a down comforter . It surface becomes cold and remains cold . That may because of the polyster . I had to take the fleece shawl between comforter and me . Also the down has started coming out within one week . So when ever I sleep with sweater on , next day morning my sweater is all white with down . I thought it must be from the factory so i washed as per the instructions and still it is the same . The stiching is of really poor quality and down keeps coming out . Its a cheap product with cheap quality . If you need a good down comforter buy a good one from famous outlets .
 This comforter has little to no batting or stuffing in it . We were very disappointed but did not want to waste the time in returning it to you .
 Suited my needs for reasonable coffee and milk steamer for about 8 months . Cheapie knob for switching from coffee to steamer is a bugger . Steam is now leaking inside somewhere in steamer mode causing serious heating of the top of the unit , nasty noises , and fear of explosion . I descale it every month so I do n't think I mistreated it . Did get daily use and was only $ -LSB- ... -RSB- but I think it should still last more than 8 months .
 After seeing this , I went to a store to look at it . I ca n't find anything that makes it better than a cheap $ 29 model Krups also made . I used to own that one . It is a below-average machine . There are also some dangerous flaws in it . The machine never could make decent espresso . It runs the temperatures too high and scalds the coffee . The frother clogs very easily and is difficult to clean . Worse , the cap is cheap plastic . After about six months , it warps and is difficult to screw on . The threads on the cap are NOT metal so it could lose pressure . It is inconsistent
 Many times , I have read the snooty hype about how a pump espresso machine is better than the steam type . So , I invested $ 300 in a good pump machine , and now it sits unused in my garage . The steam espresso comes out stronger and richer tasting and takes much less time and effort to make . Give me one of these cheapo machines over one of the fancy ones any day!The problem with this particular model is that it 's badly engineered . It can not hold the pressure to do a good job of steaming the milk . Worse , it often sprays coffee and grounds for several feet across my kitchen counter . Sometimes , it literally explodes under pressure and I have to run for cover and then spend ten minutes cleaning up the kitchen . I 'm afraid it will kill me someday , so I just ordered a similar unit made by a different manufacturer . I recommend you stay away from this particular unit , even though I highly recommend this type of espresso maker in general .
 picture does more justice than it deserves . paint was off , ceramic wasnt cleaned inside . skip it
 I also could not get it to use the feature that automatically sets the time as an NYC resident .
 This has been quite a disappointing purchase . The knives arrived in a nice box and look good but after only 8 months are developing rust spots on the blade . Even more disappointing , the top of the blade is sharp enough to cut your finger if you press hard , for example to separate a chicken thigh from the body . I have given them to a friend in need and I am looking for a better choice . Save your money on this one.Zwilling J.A. Henckels Twin Gourmet 8-Piece Steak Knife Set with Box
 Just received these knives and noticed the items were not exactly as pictured . Upon examining I noticed the package was marked `` Knives Made in Spain `` The item description on Amazon clearly states `` Made in Germany '' Called Henckles Customer Service , and they confirmed these knives are indeed made in Spain . Every website that carries these describe this item as made in Germany , which , based on my own perception means a higher quality product . I feel cheated . The word `` Germany '' is stamped on the knife blades , which according to the manufacturer should say `` Spain '' Just another example of the consumer being ripped off .
 where in the description does it mention these knives are partially serrated ? I wanted serrated knives , these are only serrated from the tip to about 1/3 of the blade . how stupid is that ? why would you need that ? also , how do you hone the non serrated part that is not sharp AT ALL ? I can always hone a regular knife , but the profile of this blade is weird , and not a V shape , rather this shape
 I have another version of this set that I bought locally . It was much , much nicer . Thought I was getting a deal but was sorely disappointed when the product arrived . Sent it back immediately .
 I was not impressed . After attaching this filter to a garden hose , it leaked badly where the hose attaches to the filter . I tried a different hose washer with no improvement . The first gallon or so of water that ran through the filter came out looking black to gray . The filter apparently uses charcoal as the filter material . I would not purchase again .
 I found washing cars at home in Florida did not give the same results as California Bay Area water . Too much spoting and white residue left.Saw a review where some one else used this filter for improving car wash water so I bought this filter.PROGreat looking product for the costGret looking packagingProduct screw thread fit water tight to water source and hoseAfter a few gallons the water comes out clear and works well for washing a car and rinsing it offCONWater flow a first was about 60 % of normal due I assume to flow restrictionWater flow after a few more minutes and less than 5 gallons was reduced to 10 % of normalThe reduced flow could barely remove the car wash soapFirst few gallons had a lot of black , I assume carbon , color to the water that became clean and clear water as seen in the bucketNote
 Once again , plastic where metal should be . It required plumber 's tape and pliers to eliminate leaks at both ends . It 's as though 99 % of manufacturers cheapen their products to the point they no longer do their intended jobs .
 After four years we finally bought a water filter for our motor home . We always drank bottled water before that . We used this filter on our annual trip to Palm Springs . I ran a lot of water through the filter before connecting it to our RV . After a few days I tried drinking a glass of filtered water . It tasted and smelt terrible so I gave it another week or so showers , dish washing and toilet flushing would pull more water through it and the pipes , but the water still smelt and tasted bad even after that . Even ice cubes made from the water system added a bad taste to bottled water I drank . All in all , I feel like I flushed 18 bucks down the toilet when I bought this filter.I noticed this filter has 15 five star votes . Maybe it 's because the water at the park/s they stayed at was good quality water , but if it 's good quality treated water you do n't need a filter.I do n't normally do reviews -LRB- maybe two or three in my life -RRB- , but in this case I felt it was important to let potential buyers know my experience .
 Unit was used on well water that was slightly cloudy and some slight sediment , After carbon filter discharge finally slacked , the water was no less cloudy and flow went to a trickle in less than 15 minutes of operation .
 I tested before and after with a water quality kit . Unfortunately , this only removed about 1/2 the chlorine , leaving a substantial amount .
 These knives do not belong to each other.Wooden block itself was made in China . 15 knives were made in Spain -LRB- I guess they were made in the same factory that makes cheap Henckels International brand -RRB- . Only one item from this set -LRB- fork -RRB- is made in Germany . Scissors have no logo on them , neither country of origin . I am not sure they are from Henckels . Most likely not.It is not a standard set but rather just a random selection of knives packaged in a box with no Henckels logo on it . Knives come from different packages - 15 items were packaged in a white box w/out a logo , and another two items come from a black gift box package.There was no any catalog provided for how these knives are connected to each other . So I guess they are not really connected.Overall , this is a very deceptive way of selling together 18 unrelated items . I would suggest to a serious buyer to look for a real `` set '' of knives all made in Germany and sold together by the brand.And btw , there is no promised `` Instructional Knife Skills Video '' . I did not receive any video DVD .
 My husband and I have been researching for over a year for a nice heavy duty block and quality knife set and this is not it . Not only does it look cheap , not all the knives fit in the slots in the block . We currently own a cheap no-name set that we were looking to upgrade with this Henckels set but our no-name set is better quality and better looking than this set ! We expected a lot more for $ 300 . . do n't waste your money . The previous comments on this item could n't possibly have received what we got .
 Buy with caution . The dimensions of this product , particularly the height , do not account for fact that some non-Henckel knives , especially those with larger handles -LRB- a -RRB- do not fit at all or -LRB- b -RRB- the knife handle does not sit flush thereby increasing the height beyond the stated dimensions which in my case means the drawer will not close .
 I bought this knife tray based upon the reviews of others . How disappointed I was in the quality of this product . The tray was put together crooked so that it would n't even fit my kitchen drawers . Based upon the amount I paid for this product , it is of extremely poor quality .
 I am very surprised by all the positive reviews . The major problem with this is the quality of the wood and finishing . First , the base is a thin 1/4 '' thick plywood to which the solid oak wood is attached . This is not as bad but still looks and feels cheap.Second , is the lack of finishing on the oak wood itself . The top surfaces are all finished but the grooves and cavities where the knife blades and handles go are VERY ROUGH , as if they had been milled or cut with a saw and not ever sanded . I 'm not talking fine sanding , i mean not even 80-grit sandpaper used . This is very rough and the wood particles and dust rub against the knives and will contaminate the knives as they fall off and collect on the bottom of the tray.This is very surprising and a major turn off . I sent it back and ordered the Totally Bamboo tray which hopefully is better than this .
 It was kind of cracked on the bottom and way bigger than I expected . Also the end piece unglued and I fixed it.I have a smaller one that works better.I ripped it down the center , making 2 of them , so I have one extra .
 Poor quality of wood , poor quality of workmanship , evidently these foreign makers do n't have any idea what sandpaper is . Very surprised Henckels would allow their name to be put on this item !!! Would rate it less than one star if possible !!!
 These towels are gorgeous , extremely large , and very plush . We 've had them now for almost a year , have washed them every week , and they still look like new ... feel thick and soft , with no pilling , no threads hanging -- they are just luxurious and fluffy and delightfully BIG . We just love them , as do our guests who visit , who always comment on them ... `` we love your fancy towels '' ... they are just lovely !
 Do n't purchase these towels ! The only good thing I can say about this product is it 's soft . Once water came into contact with the towel the dye drastically faded on one entire quarter of the towel . This was n't a defect with just this bath towel , it also occurred with the hand towel of the same color . When I laundered the towel , so I could return it to Amazon , my washing machine was full of the `` lint '' from the towel ... literally a hand full of lint . These towels should be removed from Amazon.com .
 I do NOT recommend . The towel is big in area , but very thin . Good towels are THICK , that 's the main thing . These are n't ! I was DISAPPOINTED .
 Do n't purchase these towels ! The only good thing I can say about this product is it 's soft . Once water came into contact with the towel the dye drastically faded on one entire quarter of the towel . This was n't a defect with just this hand towel , it also occurred with the bath towel of the same color . When I laundered the towel , so I could return it to Amazon , my washing machine was full of the `` lint '' from the towel ... literally a hand full of lint . These towels should be removed from Amazon.com .
 I ordered this fan thinking it was white . It is not . It is mint green . After receiving the fan , I contacted Supentown customer service . It is Supentown 's position that the ad clearly shows it to be green and nowhere in the ad does it say the fan is white . Unbelievable ! How about nowhere does it say it 's green ? Caveat emptor !!!
 I used this to bake muffins for my Son 's Valentine Party at school . The muffins baked fine . I had to wait until they had completely cooled to remove them , and even then some of the sides of the muffin stuck to the pan . The worst part about this product
 It turned out to be a fiasco . They sent me one with the same name and number but it was n't what I ordered . The shape was not even correct . I checked around and anyone who had this had the same picture and name but the product was not as depicted . I ended up ordering something different from someone else . I do n't know who 's fault it was , maybe the manufacturer but I was not happy . To be fair , the company did give me my money back even though it took a while . I wonder if , perhaps , I had n't ordered it through Amazon I would n't have been treated as fairly as I was .
 I had same problem with previous buyer.They did send the product with white mugs !! -LRB- Instead of snowman mugs -RRB- Amazon should put better information on what 's include on this set . So , buyers beaware !!!!!
 I JUST RECEIVED THE FIRST OF 3 SETS THAT I ORDERED . APPARENTLY , THE SNOWMEN MUGS ARE NOT AVAILABLE ANY MORE -LRB- EVEN THOUGH THEY ARE SHOWN -RRB- . BUT , NOT ONLY DID THEY SEND PLAIN MUGS WITH THE DISHES , THEY ARE MADE OF STONEWARE . THEY ARE NOT THE SAME COLOR OR MADE OF THE SAME MATERIAL . WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT ! I HAVE E-MAILED CORELLE AS I 'M NOT SURE WHO DECIDED TO DO THIS .
 The mugs shown on the box are not the ones you get . Instead of a cute snowman , you get plain ugly white . So you contact customer service and they send you the exact same thing . Now I have to go to the trouble of returning both of them . A big waste of time .
 This product is regular !!!! NO HEAVY-DUTY ALUMINUM , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
 Well the stands came really fast , . . put the speakers on them , . . dont have confetence on the stands , ... very shaky need more support , . . i will not recomend or buy this product anymore , ... might return this product thinking hard.Pyle PMDK102 Pro Audio Speaker Stand and Cable Kit
 The stands work , but are very flimsy and not sturdy . The paint on the pipes are also easily scratchable . The bag is also very cheap , and its hard to get the stands in and out of the bag . I would spend a little more money on the nicer bag and sturdier stands . for what you pay its worth it though
 Came on time , but fell apart within 2 hours of use . Within one hour , lockpins immediately detached because of cheap latches . On the first night I used them , the bottom part of one stand has an o-ring which is faulty , and the stand does not want to stay in one place . The bass from the speakers causes the stand to collapse because of the faulty o-ring . I will NEVER buy cheap stands again !!
 The packaging says it is dishwasher safe so I ran them through the machine on a quick cycle before I used them . When I opened the dishwasher the pan and inserts looked like I pulled them out of the ocean .
 Would have given 5 stars if I was writing it about the FIRST use , but a week -LRB- and one gentle hand wash -RRB- later , the cheesecakes came out with a metallic residue all around the sides . So disappointing as I was making them for a special Christmas event . f course I can not serve them now . Will post photos of the tainted cheesecakes here after Christmas.I hand washed it gently and also dried with a soft towel . There was no unnecessary wear and tear on my part . I will be sending this back . If anyone has recommendations on a similar item that does not leave residue , please leave a comment .
 I just received this - counted the disks right away and was happy to have all the disks . The pan looks like it has been handled roughly when being made or it has been used . The bags packed in were not sealed , so who knows . I have not used it yet - but will in this New Year 's week . I also have read these take a lot of care not to rust . I will update this after using , but the rough physical appearance of the product was disappointing .
 My kids and I spent several hours and lots of time laughing while making a hundred mini pumpkin cheese cakes and we were super happy with the outcome . On the side though , we washed them properly and the tarish came off . Completely off , which meant we could no longer use them . Fun but does n't clean right . Had to send back .
 After using the pan for the first time I soaked it in soap water to make it easy for washing . Unfortunately , the pan got rust and turned different color and texture . The product material is very poor quality and I DO NOT RECOMEND it .
 Very hard to clean and when making stuff in the pan is leaks out at the bottom and onto my oven burners . I would n't recommend this product , and I 'll be sticking to my old cupcake pans .
 I bought this product for chopping herbs . Knife is incredibly sharp . But while it cuts well , moist leafy herbs get caught between the blades . And because of its sharpness , you have to be careful dislodging them back on your board for another chop . You also have to be careful how you store it , as it does n't fit a knife block or similar storage solution . It works fine for `` dry '' herbs like Thyme or Rosemary , but it wo n't work very well on Cilantro or flat leaf Parsley . Overall , a regular single blade knife actually works better .
 I saw this in action , and it looked great . But WARNING
 This Thermos Food Jar is will keep food hot for a few hours or so . It 's good for kids ' lunches maybe , but not for someone who works long days or spends alot of time outdoors or in cold weather . Take the money you 'd invest in this , add a few more dollars and get a wide-mouthed metal U.S.-Made Thermos Food Jar on eBay and you 'll be alot happier .
 The glass insulation on the thermos `` busted '' during micowave use . The description of the item does not address whether or not it is microwave safe -- I should have researched better before purchasing .
 These are one of the worst sheets I have ever owned . Your typical K-Mart Wal-Mart variety is better ! 1 -RRB- they wrinkle like crazy !!!!! 2 -RRB- none of the sheets match in color
 I recently bought this set during a promotion . It was a fantastic deal - now I know why . After the first washing , the sheets were nice and soft . But , upon the second washing , the sheets started to pill and the seams started to come undone . I have never had anything degenerate in quality so quickly ! My cheapy cotton blend sheets from Target that I bought 3 years ago have held up better than this set !
 We bought these sheet sets for our children 's twin beds . For that purpose , I highly recommend these at the price we paid -LRB- $ 9.99 / set -RRB- . Sheets made in India.PROS :1 . Softer than comparable -LRB- non-sateen -RRB- twin sheets available at Target , Wal-Mart , etc. for children 's beds .2 . Inexpensive option to have your children sleep on soft sateen , although these are not the super-soft sateen we have on our bed .2 . Price -LRB- $ 9.99 -RRB- CONS :1 . The sets do not match in color -LRB- shades are off within the set to varying degrees -RRB- , so if you 're trying to impress folks on your adult bed , these are not a contender .2 . These are obviously seconds , e.g. , the seams do n't run straight on the pillow cases . Just like the discount t-shirts you get with the side seams that curve to the front or back . Fine for young kids , because they do n't care about such details .
 If the rating system had 0 stars , that would be the rating i would give these sheets , they are so horrible , so cheaply made , and very bad.I thought they were a great deal , and like any other new item , i wash all items before using them.After the 1st washing , the colors became mismatched . I used cold water ... They also do n't really fit my 17 '' thick mattress ... another person reported they do n't fit her 15 '' mattress.After the 2nd washing in warm water , the seams started to unravel , and oohh boy do they wrinkle and also the seams rolled so bad , the sheet would n't lay flat.By the 3rd washing , the color disparity grew even worse ... they did n't even look green.My advice to you is do n't buy these unless you need a furniture & floor covering for painting . . that 's what i use them for , the only thing they are good for .
 I got two sets for $ 15 each . Cheap , but you get what you pay for . These sheets are much rougher than the other 230-count sheets I own . The worst is , after the 2nd wash , they pilled so much that I 'm sleeping on tons of tiny fabric balls ... and that 's very annoying ! I have to say the 200-counts I bought from Wal-mart is way much comfortable !
 Purchased two sets of this brand of sheets during a recent promotion . Wish I had saved my money and bought a brand with quality I can trust.Referring to white and sage.Unhappy with the sheets as they washed not so well , wrinkles ! They do n't fit the mattress properly , a wee bit small -- part of the mattress shows with the fitted sheet on -LRB- it being on as far as it will go , which is not a good fit -RRB- and the flat sheet is too short to be able to have the bed sheet height at the top of the bed as I would normally have with other sheets and to be able to tuck it in at the bottom . The pillowcases are also a tight fit . I actually only have ` full ' size pillows on the bed as opposed to queen ... as bed in question is a queen . So the pillowcases would not be ample on the queen pillows.Looking to return the two sheet sets for refund.I think I could have better luck at WalMart!Previous commenter ... did you get a refund upon return since you were dissatisified ?
 These are by far the absolute worst sheets we have ever owned . After one washing , the softness was gone . We are left with scratchy , wrinkly , pilly and well-worn looking sheets after just two washings . They are uncomfortable and do not fit the bed well.Amazon 's price today is just under fifteen dollars ... . I would n't even pay that for these sheets -LRB- unfortunately , we paid thirty -RRB- . Do yourself a favor and go pick up a 180 thread count Blue Light Special - you will be much better off ! Zero stars for this one .
 These sheets were soft and comfortable when they first arrived . After one wash in the gentle cycle and low heat dry , they pilled badly . The colors also became slightly mismatched . After two washes the pillowcases were so pilled I could n't stand to sleep on them any more . Even though they were very inexpensive , I got so little use out of them it still was n't worth it .
 I ordered a set of white sheets & pillowcases and did not run across the same problems other have had with differing shades , but boy oh boy , do these sheet fuzz up ! We 've only had them for a couple months and they 're already dingy no matter if we bleach them or not.They 're already starting to wear and become thin on the areas we sleep on and the pilling is really really bad . BUT . They were cheap and at least we 're not out a lot of money . I personally would n't waste money on these again - not with how often they 're washed & used , anyway .
 After the first wash , before even putting them on the bed , the fitted sheet had two holes where the threading did n't hold in the middle of the sheet . I was so disappointed ! Ca n't imagine what will happen the next time I wash them . Other than that , the fabric is so soft to sleep on .
 I have purchased 230-thread count sheets before . I thought this would be a great deal -LRB- and it was -RRB- but too good to be the quality I expected . After washing 2 sets -LRB- I bought 4 -RRB- and used only once I thought they were too rough for 230 percal . I returned the other 2 and donated the ones I opened to a thrift shop . From now I 'm going with brandnames I know .
 The sheets shrank too much . Started with a king set and ended up with a set I have to use for a queen bed .
 These sheets lost their smooth , satiny surface after only a few gentle washes in warm water . They started to pill , and developed the look and feel of aging flannel . I would not buy them again .
 The quality is not much to brag about . As another reviewer stated , the colors are slightly off and in clear daylight you can tell they do n't match . I do n't know if they wrinkle a lot , have n't gotten to that point yet but just by texture I can already tell that they wo n't wash well . O and lastly , they are really small , a lot smaller than the size you buy . Beware . Pay a little more and get something decent otherwise you 'll be stuck with these like I am now !
 Aside from this product being sturdy , there is not much to like . The chemical odor was so strong upon opening the packaging , we had to let the shower curtains air outside for days before bringing into the house . The odor was still lingering when put on the hooks , and increased once there was steam in the room after a shower . This odor is strong and apparently akin to cat urine , as the cats now use the bathtub as a cat box ! Needless to say , we bought other shower curtains ! I would not recommend this product .
 It 's really heavy - probably about 1 lb . Otherwise , I guess it 's fine . . It 's just a shower curtain liner after all .
 Shower curtain liner was too heavy and had very strong chemical odor.This Croscill product seemed appropriate for some industrial use . We sent it back and had to pay return shipping fee . .
 It does n't fit my tub and is too short . I thought it would be standard width/height , but I guess I was wrong .
 This looked so beautiful when I put it up , I was so excited , but the holes at the top started rusting within a week , which of course ran down onto the white shower curtain . My mother bought an identical one at Wal-Mart , which she had no rust problems with . I looked up close and hers seemed to be `` closed in '' around the holes & mine was exposed on the back side , which allowed the water in to create the rust . I suspect this is a defective group , as both curtains I purchased here did this .
 this thing does not repel water at all , i might as well of put a bed sheet up there . my external curtain gets soaked . i 'm buying another liner right now . i should have known better when it was so cheap . the positive reviews astound me .
 After having this shower curtain for a month I am ready to throw it out and go back to a vinyl shower curtain liner . I really liked this one because I like the way it looks and it is nice having a fabric liner , but the curtain has no mold resistant properties . After just a couple showers mold was growing at the bottom . Now -LRB- about a month later -RRB- there is a lot of mold all the way across the bottom 1/4 of the curtain . After reading the reviews here we are going to pull it down and wash it in the washing machine , but most likely we 'll purchase a vinyl liner in the near future which should go 6 months before it needs to be replaced due to mold .
 Unfortunately , I was looking for a good alternative to the plastic shower curtain liners and this was definately not it ! After only a few showers , the material started to smell moldy at the bottom ... so much so , that in less than the 5 months we 've owned it , I 've washed it at least 4 times ! The polyester fabric holds the smell in ... . So , I 'm looking to try a cotton liner this time . Hopefully the cotton will not smell ... -LRB- Also to note , I bought two of these liners for 2 bathrooms -RRB- . I only use one bathroom and my husband & son use the other ... so it 's not like we have 10 people showering daily ... in my bathroom , it 's only me , and in theirs it 's 2 people showering daily . I would NOT recommend this product .
 Maybe the sagging economy caused this decline in quality . Croscill once provided a great shower liner/curtain . Now , with an altered design , it 's a leaky , worthless object . Do n't buy it ! This was once a reliable product . Now , adorned with striped fabric that is NOT water resistant , as the product claims , it will not work . Do n't waste your money .
 I bought three of these shower curtains and only recently took one out of the package to use . Some of the eyelets came out while I was putting it up , and I had to sew a strip on the top so that I could put in button holes to replace the eyelets . What can you expect from a product made in China ? Once up , it does repel water , but I have only used it a couple of times since installing it .
 The package states that the length is 72 '' . It is not . It is 74 '' long and I ca n't use that in my tub . Had to return it .
 Please stick with buying plastic/vinyl curtain liners.Even though it is suppossed to be water proof , it is FAR from it.The first time we used it , it made a big mess on the bathroom floor.Even aiming the water down on to the curtain , it leaks through.What a waste of money , and in this economy , we need every dollar.Don ' t buy this product !!!!!
 I should have followed my hunch with the description saying `` water resistant . '' It 's fairly attractive and I was pleased at first , but soon some water started appearing on the floor . I 'd bought two , so I put up the 2nd one and the two together worked . Then I washed them -- they do get moldy . After the 3rd wash all the water resistance was gone and I had water coming through the kitchen ceiling !! Makes a decent shower curtain -LRB- although as some said the creases do n't go away -RRB- , but as a liner it SUCKS !!! Off-gassing or not , I 'm sticking with vinyl . Before installing a new vinyl liner , hang it outside for a day and it will be mostly odor-free .
 It only lasted about 1 month before I had to throw it away . It developed a bad odor and did began accumulating mildew . I even installed it in a clean bathtub .
 Ew ! This curtain is nasty !!! It mildewed within DAYS of using and turned an entire corner black ! It never dried , which is why I think this happened . I usually only replace my curtains once a year , but this one I had to return with a month.So gross !!!
 it looks good and appears to be good quality upon arrival . but there is too much water on the floor after a shower and once the rust and the mildew set in it 's difficult to keep at bay . not purchasing this again .
 I bought this shower curtain several months ago . How long did it remain mold-free ? Between two and three weeks . I do n't live in a humid climate either . It 's a great shower curtain for letting more light in -LRB- and is why I gave it two stars instead of one -RRB- , but I would n't buy this again . The mold and rust stains are permanent and do n't bleach out . I threw it out in less than a month.EDITED ON 5/19/2012 - I find it odd that my review received only 1 out of 3 votes for being helpful . I was n't rude , belligerent or snotty . I simply stated my honest experience in a neutral manner . In less than three weeks I had permanent mold and rust stains . The fact that other people have found this shower curtain liner to be wonderful goes to show you that individual results vary widely . The deciding factor obviously lies in what kind of water you have . It 's either that or the company 's quality control is lacking and too many -LRB- according to other reviews similar to mine -RRB- faulty liners are leaving the factory .
 sorry folks . . water on the floor and lots of mold and mildew after 2 weeks . I now own these 1.5 months and havewashed them once a week just to keep the mold at bay . I Will continue to deal with owning plastic shower liners .
 I bought these liners and within 2 weeks there was black mold starting to grow on the bottom and within 3 weeks the entire bottom was moldy . They look great and work well but I live in a house that has a lot of dampness to begin with so these did not work for me at all !
 Looks nice for a while , then goes very brown/black . Even bleaching could n't bring it back . I suppose if you had some way to keep it away from the tub so it could dry , this might not happen . But short of draping it over a chair or something each use , ca n't think of a solve . Pity , since fabric seems so much nicer than plastic .
 I got this nontoxic shower curtain liner under the impression that it has a weighted bottom that would prevent it from flying into the tub like my old liner , but was disappointed to find that it does n't . What 's going on ? It does n't match the online or package description . I think I 'm going to have to resort to pinning it to my shower curtain .
 This is definitely preferable to the heavy-weight vinyl shower curtain that I was previously using , but not by much . It molds/mildews terribly , despite using the exhaust vent in the bathroom and letting it air out . Mold/mildew in a bathroom is almost inevitable , but I am disappointed that it does not wash out . My shower curtain is only a few months old , and there are black mildew stains in it that will not come out . I started off with the manufacturers directions for washing it . Having nothing to lose after that did n't work , I progressed to washing it in hot water which took out 75 % of the stains.We have a similar shower curtain in my son 's bathroom . It is made of the same fabric , but the finish is `` slicker '' than this one . In contrast , it has been in use for over 3 months , and does n't have a single spot of mildew on it . I wish I could find another one like that , but it came from a closeout store and they no longer have them.So , in short ... this is better than a vinyl shower curtain , but do n't expect it to look pristine for long .
 The quality is very poor after several washings and being used the packaging crease 's still exist . I could have purchased 10 at my local Dollar Store for the price of this one
 Like others i had mildew grow out of it after months . started stinking and got rusty on the top ... i suggest dishing out a lil more for something better than this crap .
 This shower curtain was well reviewed and that is almost always a sign of a quality product . It seemed well made when it arrived and did it main job perfectly , however , the metal rings around the rod hooks began to rust after less than a month -LRB- !! -RRB- . This was a liner on a rather expensive designer fabric shower curtain and I 'm not too happy that it left a rust stain on my expensive curtain . Out bathroom isnt overly damp , and it is a shower curtain for goodness sake , its gon na get wet , why make it out of a material that 's going to rust ?? I 'm returning it , I hope I can get my money back .
 First , I love pyrex , but the description on this one is entirely off . It says that it is 14x5 .2 x9 .2 . It is n't anywhere near that big , more like 8x6 . It holds 6 cups but does n't say it anywhere in the description . The rectangular container that holds 11 cup says it 's dimensions are smaller that this one so I would have assumed that this container was larger . The description needs to be corrected . It is very misleading
 Do n't purchase these towels ! The only good thing I can say about this product is it 's soft . Once water came into contact with the towel the dye drastically faded on one entire quarter of the towel . This was n't a defect with just this hand towel , it also occurred with the bath towel of the same color . When I laundered the towel , so I could return it to Amazon , my washing machine was full of the `` lint '' from the towel ... literally a hand full of lint . These towels should be removed from Amazon.com .
 These towels are gorgeous , extremely large , and very plush . We 've had them now for almost a year , have washed them every week , and they still look like new ... feel thick and soft , with no pilling , no threads hanging -- they are just luxurious and fluffy and delightfully BIG . We just love them , as do our guests who visit , who always comment on them ... `` we love your fancy towels '' ... they are just lovely !
 Do n't purchase these towels ! The only good thing I can say about this product is it 's soft . Once water came into contact with the towel the dye drastically faded on one entire quarter of the towel . This was n't a defect with just this bath towel , it also occurred with the hand towel of the same color . When I laundered the towel , so I could return it to Amazon , my washing machine was full of the `` lint '' from the towel ... literally a hand full of lint . These towels should be removed from Amazon.com .
 I do NOT recommend . The towel is big in area , but very thin . Good towels are THICK , that 's the main thing . These are n't ! I was DISAPPOINTED .
 These towels are gorgeous , extremely large , and very plush . We 've had them now for almost a year , have washed them every week , and they still look like new ... feel thick and soft , with no pilling , no threads hanging -- they are just luxurious and fluffy and delightfully BIG . We just love them , as do our guests who visit , who always comment on them ... `` we love your fancy towels '' ... they are just lovely !
 Do n't purchase these towels ! The only good thing I can say about this product is it 's soft . Once water came into contact with the towel the dye drastically faded on one entire quarter of the towel . This was n't a defect with just this bath towel , it also occurred with the hand towel of the same color . When I laundered the towel , so I could return it to Amazon , my washing machine was full of the `` lint '' from the towel ... literally a hand full of lint . These towels should be removed from Amazon.com .
 I do NOT recommend . The towel is big in area , but very thin . Good towels are THICK , that 's the main thing . These are n't ! I was DISAPPOINTED .
 Do n't purchase these towels ! The only good thing I can say about this product is it 's soft . Once water came into contact with the towel the dye drastically faded on one entire quarter of the towel . This was n't a defect with just this hand towel , it also occurred with the bath towel of the same color . When I laundered the towel , so I could return it to Amazon , my washing machine was full of the `` lint '' from the towel ... literally a hand full of lint . These towels should be removed from Amazon.com .
 I now own 3 Therapeutica pillows , including the Travel Pillow . I recently took the travel pillow on a 10-day NYC vacation . After suffering 2 days with shoulder and elbow pain , I realized that I was sleeping on my shoulders with no support with the Travel Pillow . Not a problem . I just ordered an Adult-Petite Therapeutica pillow from Amazon and it was delivered overnight to my NYC hotel.Travel Pillow is possibly okay for a back sleeper ; however , if you start on your back and roll onto your sides like I do , I 'd just invest in the Adult Petite size Therapeutica Pillow as a Travel Pillow . Having invested in memory foam pillows for the past 30 years , I like Therapeutica Sleeping Pillow as my neck has the necessary support , and the ` side ' pillows cradle my head when sleeping on the side while supporting my shoulders . A side note
 I ordered this pillow on the recommendation of my chiropractor -LRB- and yes , my chiropractor measured me -RRB- . For the first 1.5 weeks , it was painful to sleep on , but I kept at it . For the next 1.5 weeks , I loved it and I noticed a huge improvement in my posture . What happened after that point was that the pillow noticeably ` broke down ' and no longer supported my cervical and thoracic vertebrae in the same way -LRB- it got real squishy -RRB- . I am a side sleeper and so I bought this to maintain my alignment while sleeping on my side . The pillow , however , compressed more and never maintained its structural integrity such that my alignment then changed and I began having my ` old ' pains once again . I contacted the company , Therapeutica , several times with my concerns , with no answer . Finally , several weeks later , I received an email back requesting my receipt , etc. with the receptionist , Wendy the General Office Manager , stating that she would have to check in with a supervisor to see if it would be possible to exchange the product . 3.5 weeks later , she informed me that I would have to send the pillow into their New York office so that they could test it on `` their machine '' to determine whether the foam had broken down . Now , I agree that the product must be sent in to be inspected , however , the need for a machine to confirm my own experience with pain ? Not to mention the fact that one can physically FEEL the pillow on all its sides and SEE that the foam has obviously broken down in the area that juts up against one 's shoulder . -LRB- Yes , I followed their directions on how to sleep on the pillow to a T , in order to sleep on it correctly . -RRB- I do n't know about any of you , but this is THE MOST HASSLE and WORST COMMUNICATION I have ever had with a company and their product guarantee . BUYER BEWARE!Sidenote
 I was expecting these bags to be like ones that came with my Rival vacuum sealer . Upon receipt I 'm not sure they are Rival bags at all . They are not as pictured and appear to be a knock off . Much thinner than the original bags and do not seem to seal as well .
 These are junk , I 'm really sorry I bought them . I have a Rival brand Vacuum sealer -LRB- Not a Seal-a-meal -RRB- , and the bags that came with it were great . I also got a set of Rival branded -LRB- again , not seal-a-meal -RRB- bags , and those were just as good . Every bit as good as Food Saver bags . I bought these a bit later , expecting the same thing , since they were Rival brand . The quality was not even close . You can feel that the bags are not nearly as thick . For one , this makes them difficult to cut and fill because they are so flimsy . If this was the only flaw , I could look past , but its not . More times than not , they do n't even seal properly . Particularly if there is even the very slightest hint of liquid in whatever you are sealing . Things like meats , forget it , what little juice is there will cause the bag to not seal . If your sealing crap like cereal , these will work all day long , but I do n't think thats why most of us want this . For meats , veggies , leftovers , etc , they just will not work . Do n't waste your money .
 I was led to believe that there were Two rolls that were 11 inches by 18 feet , an absolute lie !!! I guess I should have scrolled down to small print , but the Main gist of the product description was 2 rolls at 18 feet each . There are two rolls that total 18 feet long , thus 9 feet per roll , really scumbag move by Rival , and Amazon are also complicite in this scam.not a good value at all.Bought for $ 9.50 , they are now over $ 13 -LRB- 3 days later -RRB- . What is going on at Amazon ? Used to be such a trustworthy site.This garbage is going straight back , must think I just got off the boat !
 These never seal - there are too many leaks because the quality is so cheap - I 've never seen bags so flimsy . Another problem is that quart sized bags were to be included as advertised ; not received . We have been going crazy trying to make these work but every one we use does NOT seal properly ! Waste of money and time !
 I just received this product and nowhere does it say Rival on it . I 'm wondering why the picture clearly states Rival and the box i received has SealaMeal on it . Nowhere on or in this package does it say Rival anywhere . I really expected exactly what was shown for the item description and the picture should match . I have not used this item yet so it may be a decent product but this false advertisement really pissed me off as i could have had this same item ad Target for the same price minus the shipping but i wanted the Rival name as that is what i researched and found most people to like the most .
 These bags do not keep a seal . Many items thrown a way in my freezer because air leaked in and i did not notice until months later .
 Item is improperly advertised . The rolls are 11 `` in by 9 ' . The AMAZON AD STATES THAT THE ROLLS ARE 11 '' X18 ' EACH . They are 9 ' each . If you scroll down , you get the truth.Item being reviewedSeal-A-Meal FSSMBF0626 11-Inch by 18-Foot Seal-a-Meal Rolls , set of 2 rolls
 Ordered this item expecting to get a 2 pack . This to me means 2 of the item described . This paticular item was described as 11 '' x 18 ' . I also ordered a 12 pack of bags of apple chips on the same order . Once again a 12 pack means 12 of the item described . The delivery shows up and I recieved 1 box of this item and one bag of wood chips . All right , shipping error I 'm thinking . I contact customer support -LRB- 40 minutes on the line -RRB- and they say they will send a new shipment with the correct quantaties . No problem , not a big deal . Replacement package arrives Amazon gets the wood chips correct all 12 bags are present -LRB- 12 pack -RRB- , but only one box of bags is present , again !!!! Contact customer support again -LRB- another 35 minutes on the line -RRB- . Rep was polite and courtious , but some supervisor behind the scenes says they will not send the additional half of the `` 2 pack '' ! The supervisor , I was told , thanked me for bringing the misrepresentation of the quantity to their attention , but they will not hold up their side of the bargain . I might add that if you look into the 1star ratings this product recieved you will see that customer `` Westy '' on April 3rd 2012 , had the same problem , and customer `` Dissatisfied '' on May 2nd 2012 also had the same problem . These are just the two most recent customers that had the same problem ! There are more!First , I find it hard to believe that they did not know of this supposed error on the item discription ahead of my order , and secondly I am dumb founded that they will not honor my order after all the inconveniance they have put me through
 I chose this rating because , the box was open and the bags appeared to be used . I will not order this product again .
 I have been using Amazon Prime for more than a year now and this is the single worst item I have received.This would receive 0 stars if that was an option.The misleading title is deceptive in order to lead one to believe you are receiving 2 x 18 ' rolls . This IS NOT an `` 11-inch by 18-foot rolls , 2 pack '' . This is a 2 pack which equals 18 feet ... and thus is not a very good deal . I would have known this if I had read the fine print , usually I do and am baffled that I missed this one ... Upon further review I also notice that the products favorable ratings are likely a scam as well because those who rate the item highly seem to mention the `` value '' or `` savings '' or `` great price '' which being a sum of 11 `` x18 ' is none of those descriptors.The featured picture IS NOT what you will receive . You will receive the out of focus item in the second picture . Nowhere on the box is it labeled as Rival . I 'm not saying Seal-a-meal is n't necessarily Rival , however , I expect to receive an item that looks like the picture . Additionally the product description reports inclusion of `` 3 individual 1-quart bags '' which are not included ... Strike Three!This is obviously an intentional deception and I do n't appreciate being taken advantage of . Amazon needs to require that the seller update the title , description , and the featured picture.If you would like the see the item you will actually receive -LRB- and in an HONEST MANNER -RRB- refer to the item sold at Amazon titled `` 2CT 11x9 Vac Seal Bag '' . But hey even that actually appears to say Rival on the box , which is not the case for the product I received.This leads me to assume this product is INTENTIONALLY MISREPRESENTED and could very well be a fake/knock off.Bottom line is that I received this today and will be returning it tomorrow ... Shame on you Amazon for allowing this shenanigans .
 The title states TWO 11 inch by 18 feet rolls , this is NOT TRUE ! It is 2 rolls that TOTAL 18 feet!So you are not getting 36 feet as it sounds . Be aware ! And you do not get free bags as the listing states .
 I never even managed to use the whole package of precut bags before it stopped sealing . I dont have the box or I would return it . I do not recommend this product . Also it was missing a part that hooks the suction tube from the seal a meal to the canisters . I got the run a round from -LRB- I believe it was ace hardwear ???? -RRB- who I was refered to . I never did get my missing part . I purchased this because of the positive reviews . Any way big , big dissapointment
 I bought this product without testing it , and took it along with me to seal up half of a hog from butchering . When I tried to use it , it would run and not make a seal . I was stuck with no way to seal a lot of meat so had little to lose by taking the unit apart to see if I could fix it . It turned out that where one hose connects to two barbs -LRB- at the accessory port and cancel button -RRB- was broken . I was able to patch the leak by bypassing those two functions , and after that it worked well.This was a manufacturing defect , and the material that was broken either had to be dropped or crushed . The barbs are very hard and sturdy , and could not be broken by normal installation forces .
 Like most of you , I performed due diligence and did the research attempting to find value at the right price point . I landed on the Versatile Uno , and checked the Briel website to make sure it was current and supported . I bought the gift for my Mom for Christmas . It had to be simple to use and safe . After she opened it , we set it up for use and the steam control knob came off in my hand . It was n't broken per se , just a bad design . Perhaps previous product iterations resulted in too-many ham-handed customers twisting the knob open or shut too far , so this plastic knob had a set of sloped interlocking tabs that mated with an interior piece . It was lightly greased and designed to ride up off the interior piece if over-torqued . Unfortuantely , the design also depends on the shaft being absolutely centered in the hole in the case and being perfectly horizontal . That does n't happen with snap-together parts , so basically the knob quickly works loose . Since this knob controls steaming , that 's not a good thing ! The user is required to constantly press the knob back into the body of the machine in order for it to work correctly . I decided ... hey , too unsafe , too much user intervention , a constant reminder that this gift was flimsy , etc. . Look elsewhere . I bit the bullet and sprang for the Starbucks Barista machine ... solid , heavy , two-year warranty , and 800 # support and return to local Starbucks for exchange . That 's perfect for a gift item for Mom .
 I recieved one of these for Christmas , I would love to tell you how it works ... but it is missing a plastic piece . Now to be fair , I lost it , in the confusion of Christmas it must have gotten tossed . I called Rival to purchase a replacement piece . What a joke . I emailed ... no response . I called , they do n't know what I am talking about -LRB- even though it is clearly listed in the instruction manual -RRB- , or if I get a rep who does know what the piece is , they say they do n't have one to sell , but if I want to pay to ship the unit back and forth , they will replace it . I have left voice mail messages for non-existent supervisors . So , instead of being happy to pay for my own mistake of losing the piece , I will return this to the store as defective and get the money back . They lose a sale , the store loses a sale , they get in return an unhappy former customer and a defective unit . DO NOT BUY RIVAL PRODUCTS , we need to start showing these big companies who hide in voice mail hells that we are tired of poor , illogical treatment .
 It 's fine as a travel clock , but I bought it because the description said it had Indiglo . It does not . You have to press the light button to light up the display . If you want a backlit travel alarm , it 's fine . Very disappointing . If the listing is corrected it 'd be 4 stars.Update
 Who cares about what it looks like , the whole purpose of an alarm clock is to make sure you wake up on time . This alarm is n't loud enough for heavy sleepers like me . I tried using this a couple of times and both times I ended up not hearing it , overslept , and was late for my college class . Which , btw , seriously ticked me off . I bought it because another reviewer had said the alarm was loud ... sorry , but it 's not.It now sits unused in my desk drawer . Total waste of money .
 So all I wanted was a cheap battery alarm clock for a camper . This thing eats up a battery every few days - at least once or twice a week . It works great otherwise - maybe I received a `` lemon '' but I can not keep feeding it so will have to get another brand .
 I put this travel clock in my kids ' bathroom , so they could tell the time when they get ready for school . After about 6 weeks , one of the numbers stopped working . So , my clock read 7 : _ 5 . Not much help for the kids . I contacted Amazon and they issued a refund immediately . So , I give 5 starts to Amazon , but only 1 to the product
 The quality is not good but OK for traveling for the price we paid and can the do the job we want .
 That says it all ; disappointed , I would not recommend . Worth more to get something that will last . Try something else .
 Because of the generally positive reviews and the really low price I decided to take a chance and try one of these . My initial opinion matched those of the best reviews . It is a cheap , simple alarm clock and a great package for travel . The display is large and clear , the controls are intuitive and easy to use , the night light and snooze alarm are easy to access , and the alarm is nice and loud . I was really starting to love it ... and then the display pixels started to drop out . The display soon became unreadable.The clock was just too cheap to bother sending back so I ordered another one . It worked great the first night . When it rang in the morning I hit the snooze alarm and , since then , if the alarm is enabled at all it rings every several minutes . I kept trying it periodically for a couple of days . I even took the batteries out for a while and then replaced them . No change . It is locked into perpetual snooze mode.I finally gave up and , for an additional $ 2.50 , ordered a Casio . It works just fine .
 I was glad I found this little clock on Amazon , because it seemed to be exactly what I was looking for . Elgin is a reputable name in timepieces . Unfortunately , the clock gained about 15 minutes every five hours ! I tested it more than once . I was so disappointed . Had to return it . Still looking for something like it . I need something simple , folding , battery-operated , a clock that can keep accurate time -LRB- ! -RRB- and with a light that comes on when pressed . Unfortunately , it was not to be with this one . I do n't usually write reviews , but felt obligated to report my recent experience with this model .
 So , this clock woke me up alright ! The snooze did n't work , and then I could n't turn it off ! I had to rip the batteries out of it to get it to stop ... It is very cheaply made -LRB- explains the price I guess -RRB- , but yeah it works just fine as long as you do n't need to use the snooze ever .
 A horrible , useless clock . There 's no light , so you ca n't read the damn thing when you wake in the middle of the night , and the cheap plastic frame broke the first time I used it . I 'd return it for a refund , but for ten bucks , I 'll just toss it and post this review . Do NOT waste your money.If I were Elgin , I 'd be ashamed . I certainly will buy any Elgin product after being ripped off like this .
 I do n't know if this was peculiar to the clock I received , but the displays are funny . When I have it on `` alarm off '' , it displays the alarm time , not the real time . Therefore , I always have to keep it on `` alarm on '' which is annoying on the days I want to sleep in . I even tried keeping it on `` time set '' , but the alarm still went off . And on `` alarm set '' it just shows the alarm setting and not the time . Very confusing and irritating .
 Does n't light up enough to see the time on the display - ca n't read it in the dark and just barely in the light .
 Sure it was only 8 bucks , but I expected a little travel clock to be more dependable . From the start it lost a minute every few days , but I lived with it . Then suddenly the display went out -LRB- after only 8 months -RRB- -- and yes , I tried new batteries . Do n't believe I 'll buy Elgin again .
 I bought this clock for the large display and the backlight feature , but the clock arrived with the backlight nonfunctioning . As it turns out , the display is n't that large or legible in low light . I 'd advise another choice .
 Received this clock a few days ago and was hoping to take it on my upcoming trip . The display is defective and barely works with brand new batteries inside . Looks very useful and easy to use otherwise . Will be exchanging and hoping the next one is better .
 The clock does n't light up at all . It does keep time , though , so it 's not worth sending this $ 10 clock back .
 I knocked the clock off my bedside table just once , and it stopped working . The light for the alarm would flash , but no sound . Who does n't knock an alarm clock on the ground by mistake every once in a while ?
 Clock works and alarm goes off , but alarm is slightly softer than a whisper . Barely audible when placed next to my ear . Very disappointed in product .
 Bought Alarm clock for primary use of alarm use in travel . Checked alarm when I received clock and it worked fine . I then went to Europe for five weeks and within a few days the alarm sound quit . Clock was fine but I bought it to have an alarm while traveling and therefore the clock became useless . Of course I 'm not going to return it while I am in Europe and for the great low price it would hardly be worth the effort .
 On the plus side - this travel alarm is compact and will travel well . I like to use these small alarm clocks as a battery back up to my regular alarm and also as a second alarm . This one has a very loud high pitched beeping alarm . It also flashes a red lit up time screen when it is beeping . It 's like having an emergency vehicle in your bedroom . I also used to have a travel alarm clock where you could set the minutes between the snooze alarms , but this only gives you a two minutes maybe before it starts loudly beeping and flashing red again . I am not too happy with this alarm clock for my use of it . I have yet to take it on a trip , but it would most likely wake up everyone in a house where I may be staying as a guest . It 's really got an obnoxious beeping alarm .
 I had a travel clock from Timex years ago similar to this that I really liked . I was hoping this would be a good replacement , but no . The screen often fades out unless you position it just so -LRB- not using the cover/stand for stability -RRB- , and each time it fades out you must reprogram the time and alarm . Also there does n't seem to be a way to adjust the snooze length . Maybe I just got a bad apple , if it worked right it would be very handy for travel and for those of us who do n't want to use the cell phone as an alarm clock .
 It 's hard to fathom a travel alarm clock that does everything perfectly except for showing the numbers on the clock face , and yet here we are.The alarm is loud and clear . The unit keeps time very well , and does n't get slow or fast at any point . Batteries last forever in this thing , despite me replacing them time and time again . Why would I do that , you ask?The digits on the clock face are illegibly soft and faded . You have to tilt the unit at an almost 90 degree angle to get the numbers to show up visibly enough for you to discern which numbers they actually ARE . Considering I ca n't reach it sometimes -LRB- y' know , because I 'm in bed , or across the room -RRB- , this is a bit of a flaw . Call me nutty , but I like to see my clock 's clock numbers.Ultimately , this is one great travel alarm clock for all the blind travelers in your life .
 Seriously , an alarm that sounds for a total of one minute ?? I 'm a fairly heavy sleeper and I would be scared to depend on this alarm to wake me for anything . The alarm is not very loud to begin with , and only goes off for one minute -LRB- timed by a stopwatch -RRB- . Unless you 're one of those people that wake up very easily , avoid this alarm at all costs !!
 Ordered 2 of these , and the light did not work on either one . Additionally , one of them had a display that kept going off intermittently . Changing batteries did not help . One of them was obviously not finished
 I was hoping it worked ... I am not that demanding . It did n't work and still doesnt . It is just too cheaply made
 I had a Timex , very similar style , that last me over 14 years . When it died I bought this one because it seemed very similar . Now -LRB- several months later -RRB- it wo n't sound the alarm . It lights up , but no alarm . Junk .
 I bought it for the `` big rig '' as a travel clock while i 'm on the road . Worked 1 day then stopped working.It seemed to be well made -LRB- as much as electronics are these days -RRB- but since it stopped working I can not vouch for it 's usefulness . Avoid it IMO .
 I received this clock a few days late because Amazon chose to ship this the cheapest possible way which was USPS instead of UPS or Fedex . I was suppose to receive this 2 day with my Prime membership and received it 4 days later instead . So much for my membership benefits ! This clocks display could NOT be viewed from a straight on view . The only way I could read the display was looking at it almost from directly above or from a side view angle . Also , when I pushed the blue backlight display button , I could n't see anything , but Blue . This is defective and I am returning it for another try .
 The screen is only readable from a very high angle , almost right above . The light is nearly nonexistent . I 'm sure it keeps time -- I just ca n't tell : P
 this item is a waste of time and money . the light didnt even work and the sound of the alarm is too low .
 this is very cheaply made portable alarm clock . Feels like a fake toy in your hand.I ordered mine , and right out of the box , the light function would n't work . Returned it back to amazon for a refund.Can you guess where is it made in ? No brainer .
 It was OK while it lasted - about four months . It 's amazing to me how difficult it is to find a simple , reliable travel alarm that might last , oh , a year or two ? : sheesh :
 I ordered this clock in April . It stopped working correctly in July . I expected more . The clock face -LRB- actual time -RRB- became unreadable . The numbers dimmed to the point that they were unreadable . I tried to change the batteries but NO JOY .
 I got this and it is light but it does not a feature to leave the light turned on . I found that this was not helpful . Also , it looks like you can not see AM or PM when you set the alarm . That definitely does not help .
 The photo shows white lettering underneath the controls , but there IS no white . It 's black like the clock itself , which makes it extremely difficult to see if you do n't have 20/20 vision . I needed my reading glasses just to set the alarm . I will be sending this back .
 It 's been less than 2 month now and it broke twice.First of all , the battery somehow melted when it was running.Then when I dropped it , it just stopped working .
 I ordered 5 of these for Christmas presents and was very disappointed when they arrived just 2 days later . I specifically chose this model because it only needed 1 AAA battery . When I pack for a trip ounces count . I also prefer to only have to buy one 4 pack of AAA batteries when I am away , 2 for my camera , 1 for my flashlight , and 1 for my travel alarm . My old travel alarm only required 1 AAA battery so I did n't question the product description saying that this travel alarm only needs one AAA battery . I believed the description . When I opened one to test it out before wrapping the others and saw it requires 2 AAA batteries , I was bummed . In fact I 'll probably return these by the end of the week . The number of batteries a travel alarm clock takes may not matter to some , but for me it 's a deal-breaker .
 I bought this clock so that I could see the time in the dark . Since I ca n't always reach or find the thing , I need it to be permanently back lit and that 's why I bought it . Anyway , I guess that 's my mistake and so this thing is useless to me .
 The backlight does n't work . It was given as a gift . I will now need to replace it after the date .
 This clock should not be sold by Amazon , unless they do n't care about their reputation . It does n't keep time the alarm system is not accurate and it simply stopped working . Other than that it 's ok . Remember to remove the batteries before you throw it out !
 It did not work at all and it does not even want to turn on so YEAH DOnt buy this product !!!!
 I should have reviewed the details more closely . First off the picture is misleading , this clock DOES NOT light up unless you hit the snooze light . THe light stays on for a few seconds , this is NOT what I was looking for . VERY CHEAP and when you are trying to check the time in the dark you have to scramble to press the button . NOPE !
 OKAY OKAY I admit I bought this on the cheap hoping the brand `` ELGIN '' would give me a good product . Look , you 're only reading this because you 're shopping on the cheap also . Stop . Do n't buy one . Read the other one star reviews . They all have different problems with the alarm clock . Wish I read the one stars first.Anyway my issue is that the alarm is so very very faint and soft I can not hear it . Called the company and they said it is a rather soft alarm but it flashes red . How does that wake me up ? Anyway they told me to keep it and they 're shipping another.Spend another buck or two or learn your own lesson .
 I do n't understand all the raving reviews about this useless alarm clock.Mine , when set up , buzzes for less than a minute , in such a low tone that you can happily sleep throughthe entire time and wake up two hours later without even noticing.Additionally , it would be supposed , when you do not hear the alarm the first time , to buzz again at 4 minute intervals
 I ordered this for a trip and it arrived the day I was leaving , which bummed me out because the blue night light did not work . On the trip it was dropped once and after that the light worked ... once . I was gone so long that I was not able to return it . At least it was inexpensive . My recommendation is go to elsewhere if you want a user friendly , working travel alarm clock .
 I left it in my last hotel room . The light failed to work - the dial had insufficient contrast to view easily in light and was impossible in the dark . While at first I welcomed the convenient cheap two AAA batteries I realized they added unwanted weight ; the clock was much heavier than alternative devices . The alarm was almost inaudible . It may be I had a defective example . If so , faulty quality control .
 The clock flashes a frightening red color when it goes off in the morning-first surprise . Then the batteries died , so I replaced them , but after two days the backlight stopped working , the numbers faded to the point where I could barely see them , and the volume became so low I could barely hear it .
 I bought this alarm a few months ago . Since then i 've gone back and read more reviews to see if i missed something somewhere . But nowhere , not in the description , not in the reviews , did i read that when the alarm goes off the display flashes RED . I have to say , it 's quite disconcerting at `` oh goodness-thirty '' in the morning ! Because of this , my search for a new alarm continues.On the plus side , i had no other issues with it and i did n't waste too much money .
 The controls are good and I like the way the display lights up when you press the snooze light . But this is not really a good travel alarm , it is too big and clunky . And the alarm is not very loud . I bought this clock because some of the other reviews said that the alarm was loud , but it is not . It might work as a regular bedside alarm if you are a light sleeper . I ended up buying a little Casio travel alarm , it is so much better , much smaller size and loud alarm .
 I had read the reviews about this Elgin Travel Alarm Clock , but it was cheap enough I thought I would give it a try inspite of the reviews . Plus it was cheap enough that if it did n't work , I would have spent more time and money to send it back so I had decided in advance to live with it and chalk it up to a lesson learned . Besides , I had a similar model made by Timex that lasted a long time . Question
 It only snoozes 4 times . After that , it just does n't wake up again . Defeats the entire purpose of the device .
 I have had this alarm clock for a few months now and have been very disappointed and frustrated with it . On the surface it looks nice , is a nice size for travel , has a nice big display , has an easy snooze button , and comes from a decent manufacturer . But the big problem is that once you set the alarm time it 's 50/50 whether the alarm will actually go off . It also has a problem in that it likes to reset itself . If I close the cover , it sometimes resets itself . Also when I place the alarm clock in my travel bag and when I get to my destination , I will have noticed the time is wrong and somewhere along the way it reset itself . It does n't reset itself when sitting in its normal operating position but it seems like when it is placed in other positions , it triggers something that makes it reset the time and alarm time . Also at night when you hit the snooze/light button the blue light is fairly bright and it 's not very easy to read the time when you 're eyes are used to the dark . They should have made the clock numbers light up instead of the whole background . So for me , this alarm clock is too unreliable to take on travel or to be counted on when you really need to be up at a certain time . But if you do buy this alarm clock , I would suggest you have a backup alarm clock as well .
 I purchased this unit because I will be living out of a pair of suitcases for the next 18 months and will need to wake up bright and early to tend to important matters that can not be put off . Unfortunately , this clock is inconsistent . I LITERALLY have to include it in my prayers the night before if I want it to go off the next day . As much as I like the size and appearance , unfortunately it is USELESS !! I was lucky enough to find two more travel clocks this afternoon at a couple of local brick and mortar stores , finally able to give up on this one with more choices available . Picked up the first I saw , hopefully it will work better but if not I am happy to have a third option -LRB- though I find this one cuter than both -RRB- . Bottom line
 For the most part , I like the alarm clock . It 's easily programed , does n't have odd battery requirements . Alarm noise is annoying enough to get me moving . The 2 things I do n't care for ; 1 - the Indiglo feature is fine for seeing the time , but it felects badly off the not lit face plate & makes it difficult to see those details -LRB- ie , I want to change the alarm time without turning the light on and waking up my husband -RRB- ; 2 - the cover for the batteries comes off with very little effort , so when I 'm fumbling to turn of the alarm -LRB- I 'm half blind w/o my glasses -RRB- I knock the battery cover off & have to reset the whole thing . Duct Tape does seem to have served it 's purpose once again .
 This is a very cheaply made clock . The back light on mine does not work . It does tell time though and the alarm seems to work ok .
 I was disappointed with this alarm clock . The alarm does not work ... no sound . This was the entire reason I made the purchase . So , now I just have a clock . The light does n't work either . I wish I had spent a few extra dollars and purchased a quality item .
 This clock never worked . The light did n't come on and the alarm made no sound . This is a piece of junk . I am surprised Amazon would sell this clock it is such poor quality .
 It worked only once when received it . Next day took it on trip and did not work since then . The LED light did not work -LRB- ca n't read time in the dark -RRB- and the alarm did not work either . Give one star due to the credit that it 's still at least display the time .
 This is the second time I buy an alarm clock from Amazon -LRB- I love Amazon , do n't get me wrong , I really in the hundreds of things i have ordered , only had problems on a few occasions , and they always rectify it -RRB- that is garbage . I was desperately looking for something NOT made in China , which is pretty impossible . The first time I let it go ... but because the first one i ordered is not reliable , because some times it does n't go off , and I desperately need to wake up very early in the AM for training , as I am an athlete , So i bought this crappy one as back up . It doesn ; t work . I have tried 8 sets of brand new batteries , i can BARELY read the time on it , it does n't lit up , the alarm does n't go off ... do n't buy this garbage !!!
 This little alarm clock is OK but there are 2 main flaws with it . First and foremost I sleep deeply and snooze a lot before finally waking . This clock only allows 4 snoozes , 4 minutes apart , before the alarm just stops going off . Also , when you have a travel alarm clock with a fold over cover like this please put a gap and a slight hole so the snooze button can be hit immediately without opening the cover . My girlfriend has an alarm clock almost identical to this from Timex that has long since been discontinued and it handles all these feature perfectly . You 'd think something so simple would be easy to find . Hopefully they improve this one someday . In all other ways the clock was great .
 My Timex Indiglow travel alarm finally died , so I bought this Elgin clockSPECIFICALLY because it had the blue light feature . I need to be able to hit the sleep-button and see the time at night . Right out of the box , everything worked EXCEPT the blue light.I will be returning it for a refund . Amazon is great ! Crap made in China is n't !!
 Received this as a Christmas gift . It worked fine , but 10 months later there was no backlight and the alarm did n't work . I tried new batteries , but that did n't fix the problem . If you want a travel clock that you can see during the daytime only , this is the one for you .
 This item is made very cheaply , and the back light did not work at all , which I wanted to use at night . Would not order again .
 mine broke day two . on day one , it did n't keep time for a while but later on in the day , after resetting time , it kept time okay . on day two , it only backlit a slight amount and i could not see the display -LRB- time numbers -RRB- . using brand new out of the pack batteries .
 I purchased this because I wanted an alarm that did not need to be plugged into the wall , but I was disappointed with how cheap the plastic is . Looks and feels junky .
 Hve not tried it at wakeup but can tell by testing I would sleep right through it . And I 'm not a real heavy sleeper . Alarm only sounds for about 30-45 sec . I would return but already threw away packaging not anticipating this problem . Does flash red during the wakeup sound but if your asleep I do n't think that is a big deal !
 I really love the design of this clock and was enjoying using it for the month that it worked . But , it just faded away and stopped working - thought it was the batteries , but no such luck ...
 This fridge was bought at toysrus . You CAN NOT , have this unit plugged in for more than 10 hours . The reason I know this now , is because we bought this fridge for our office to store milk for our coffee station , and it started to leak . So we took out the instructions , and it specifically says you can not run this fridge for more than 10 hours or you will cause damage and breakage . This was not specified on the decription online or outside the box , so who would know this . This could also break the units fan . Our first symtom is that it has been leaking water , not sure from what area of the fridge its leaking from yet . But we are considering returning this item , as it was not properly advertised .
 This product was not advertised as something that could n't be used continuously . It can not be used longer than 10 hours at a time and that was not explained in the advertisement .
 I received a Chaney Set and Forget clock today . You can set it all right , but the minute hand hangs limply and is broken . After an hour with a screwdriver , it ca n't be fixed . The clock was packed very well , so it seems likely that it was broken when sent .
 I have had this rug for about a month now and I am regretting that I ever purchased it . I purchased this rug becuase I have a 10 month old baby that just started crawling . I needed a rug to cover my hardwood floors . The ONE positive thing that I can say about this rug is that it is soft . However , there more faults to it than positive . First of all , I definately suggest buying a thick rug pad to go underneath since this rug is very thin . It is like a thick towel . When I first opened it up , I was extremely upset becuase it is a Burgundy rug and there was plenty of the white weavings visible within the rug . This makes the rug look cheap and DIRTY ! . Whenever I vacuum it I notice more of the white weavings showing up . I am afraid that after a year there will be no rug left ! This rug also sheds TREMEDOUSLY !!! If you sit on it bits and pieces of it get on your clothes and by walking on it you transfer the little pieces of rug throughout the house . So be prepared to have rug pieces all over the place . This rug was definately NOT WORTH the $ 200.00 I paid for it !!
 I purchased three rugs . All are chocolate , and pretty close to the color I was expecting . I bought two long runners for my halls , which are the perfect length , and one area rug for my living room . Initially , I was fairly pleased.I read the reviews before purchasing these rugs , and between the reviews and the price , I was n't expecting an amazing product . I was anticipating some shedding . It did shed -LRB- a LOT -RRB- . The care instructions also stated that the rug may shed during the first few washes . After seeing how much fuzz was ending up in other parts of my house , I decided to wash them according to the manufacturer 's care instructions to help along the shedding process . What I did n't anticipate was the un-even fading during the first wash along with shedding so severe , that I now have bald spots on my two week old rugs . What is n't bald now looks matted , stringy , and ugly . What a waste !! If I 'd been smart enough to keep my packing slip , I would send them back right away . Without that , I 'm thinking of throwing them in the garbage .
 The digital clock display did not work properly . When I tried to notify the seller , I never received any confirmation from the seller . I had to contact Amazon several times to follow-up on this complaint . I was very disapointed by the substandard customer service associated with this seller .
 I bought the marking mat and garland marker , and the mat is flimsy and rolled up in such a way that it has creases and wo n't lay flat . This means it curls up into your cake frosting or fondant when you 're working on it . This is the fourth lousy Wilton product I 've purchased and lost cash on . If anything , I 'll probably transfer the markings onto a hard board so at least the information wo n't be lost.Before you buy ANY Wilton product , do an amazon search and check out the reviews . It seems Wilton 's more interested in raking in cash than having satisfied customers .
 description did not include dimensions , it 's way too small and does not include cover , return was as nuisance so I kept it first time ever a pain with amazon , but this was directly from vendor organizeit I would never buy from them again . It definitely looks like it has a cover the description even says with door but there is no door or coverDisappointed !
 Ordered this unit from one of the Marketplace vendors on Amazon -LRB- since Amazon was n't one of the vendors available to fulfill the order . -RRB- I was n't able to take advantage of the Amazon prime shipping since -LRB- as mentioned earlier -RRB- , was not available from Amazon direct.Long story short ... Shipping for this single unit was over $ 10 . When I received the box , I was a bit surprised at how small it was considering the inner packings to protech the unit . Inside the main box was a smaller box which held the door mounted garbage can . Yep ... the unit is small . Probably as tall as a college text book and as wide as a loaf of bread . Longer story short , I had to request for an RMA number which in itself took a few days . Once I received the RA number , I went straight to UPS to send the unit back . That cost me another $ 14 . Took about 18 days to receive my credit and of course , I did n't receive the original $ 10 I paid to ship the unit to me . I must have missed the fine print for the return on this order . . but ugh . . so frustrating ! I 'm out almost $ 25 in shipping fees and still no trash can.I hope this helps you when making your decision . Sorry if it sounds like I 'm rambling !
 Oh well , not what was advertised . No lid , and all dimensions were off by inches . To avoid the return hassle , I will install in my bathroom for tissue , floss etc. . But I really needed the one in the photo for my kitchen !
 The screws were to long and went through the cabinet door . Not only that , the screws work loose and fell out . Now my wife has the basket sitting on the floor of the cabinet . Would not recommend .
 Hoping to replace my ancient door-mounted kitchen trash container , 18 `` x12 `` x8 '' , I bought this new one . There was no info on measurements and I guessed from the photo and `` trash door '' description , that it had a lid . Unfortunately , it was much smaller at 13 `` h x 10 `` w x 7 '' deep , and had no lid , so I just repaired my old one , and used this one in the bathroom .
 The product arrived and was just a trashcan with a mount to put it on the door . I purchased it because of the lid that appeared on the product picture . When it arrived it did not have the lid as depicted on the picture
 We ordered a Door Mounted Kitchen Garbage Can with Trash Door from The Storage Store , only to find out when it arrived that the can came without the trash door , which I along with most reviewers who have purchased this product assumed meant a lid . -LRB- No other part of this product fit the `` trash door '' description other than a lid -RRB- . When I called the Storage Store customer service , they allowed for the return but would not refund for shipping , which I thought was unreasonable since it is not my fault that the product was clearly MISREPRESENTED and FALSELY ADVERTISED
 This item is entirely too small to be considered a `` kitchen garbage can '' . Additionally , do n't be misled by the phrase `` Trash Door '' , it does not come with any sort of lid . Probably better served as a bathroom garbage can .
 I ordered this with a lid . It came without one , but I am unable to return the item . I do n't think I 'll get anything else from you . Eileen Peregoff . PS you ca n't even get my name right . It 's PEREGOFF
 The product itself is good but after ordering it 7 weeks ago we still have not received it .
 I bought two of these ... The first did not work from the beginning ... and the second works only some times ... They stay stuck and do not wind down the time ... Previous cooking timers I have bought worked for some or many years , then stopped working ...
 I should have thrown this Sunbeam timer out long ago . It has never accurately timed -- seems like it is a few minutes off from whatever time is set . Knowing that and being a cheapskate , I have compensated while using it . But you should n't have to -- just buy a different and more reliable timer !
 Often stops a minute or two into timing something -- more often than not ! Save your money . This would be like throwing your money away .
 Do n't waste your time or money.It is very cheap with no backing -LRB- see attached pictures above -RRB- . It does not work with under 10 minutes . The ringer buzzes when it is at the 2 or 3 mark . I use this for a timer so my kids now their time-outs are timed fairly . And it does n't work.The buzz is very quiet too unless you are in the same room.Save the $ 11 bucks and waiting for a package . Get it elsewhere .
 I guess this one wo n't be for you . It can barely pump water . And it was n't just defective . I bought 2 and BOTH of them did n't work ! Horrible .
 The stainless soap container is a great shape and feels well-made . The dispenser pump did not screw onto the soap container at all . The size was right , but the grooves did not match at all , and the pump would not attach securely to the container . -LRB- And , by the way , the pump did n't work . -RRB- This may have been the worst item I 've ever purchased from Amazon . I returned it promptly .
 While this soap dispenser is attractive , it is a piece of junk . It rusted after only a couple of months . Soap leaks out of the top because the cheap plastic pump mechanism cracked after a couple of weeks of light use . Terrible product ! We should all get our money back !
 By the first day it will be clogged . Only way to use it is to take the top out and wipe the soap onto your hand from the pump 's tube . Absolute garbage and complete waste of money . Do n't buy .
 This thing never worked out of the box . . not worth trying to RMA it for the low cost of it , but dont recommend it .
 This product is useless . The pump broke after 1 week and the entire thing started to rust after not more than 2 weeks of use . Do not buy this product ; you 're throwing away your money!I 'll reiterate :1 -RRB- the pump breaks , yielding the thing useless2 -RRB- it will rust after just 2 weeks and wo n't stop3 -RRB- do not buy
 We purchased two of these `` stainless steel '' tumblers to replace plastic bathroom cups . We were looking for something that was not made of plastic and we did not want to waste paper by using disposable paper cups . The cups look great when you first get it , but they both began rusting after several weeks , especially under the lip of the cup .
 This cup started to rust right away , the very first day . Rust marks are hard to remove from a sink -- so use it in a dry area only !
 I bought the tumbler and it does not at all look like the picture . It is plastic covered by a kind of painting , wo n't last long -LRB- actually , inside the painting is gone already -RRB- . Waste of money , do n't buy any object of this suite .
 I bought both this product and the Waterfall Soap Saver by Jobar . I find the Waterfall Soap Saver to be a much better product but unfortunately , at this time , I see it is not available . After buying the Waterfall Soap Saver , I would not use this product . Please see my review on the the Waterfall Soap Saver.There are a number of problems with this product . It is made of metal and I would not use it on my counter-tops because I am concerned with scratching . It says it is made of stainless steel but it appears to be chrome . Because of the other reports of rusting with this and other `` stainless steel '' bath products , I suspect it is not made of stainless steel or it is made with a very poor grade of stainless steel . The design requires constant cleaning.In summary , buy the Waterfall Soap Saver instead . Ask Amazon to re-stock it .
 I thought since this was stainless steel it would n't rust , but it did , i just threw it out today after using it for only a couple of weeks . Waste of money !!
 I have to agree with the other reviewers It is a beautiful looking dish , but it is advertised as being stainless-steel with `` 18 percent chrome for corrosion-resistance '' . It is claimed that `` the Basic Collection offers durable long lasting product for a great price `` That is completely false ... my dish starting rusting in several spots 3 months after I purchased it , and it has now spread , 5 months out . If they 're going to make a soap dish , it must be the same quality as the stainless steel in kitchen sinks
 Buyer beware . This item is junk . The cheap plastic pump put out a dribble and the quit . I should have read the other reviews before purchase . I 'm surprised Amazon continues to sell this after so many negitave reviews .
 i bought it . did n't work . exchanged it . the new one did n't work . same problem -- the pump is very weak and just barely seaps out a few drops of liquid soap ... that 's all . and yes , it does very easily rust.spend the extra $ 5 and get something better .
 I had n't even had it for 6 full months before it rusted . I 'm disappointed . Especially since I have an identical one that I 'd bought years ago that has not rusted . Guess they do n't make them like they used to .
 This is a nice looking soap pump , but the quality is horrible . I bought the first one and the top pump completely broke -LRB- the bearings fell out -RRB- after about six months . I purchased a second one and it lasted about three days before the pump quit working .
 Had them less than a year and had to chuck them after they left horrible rust marks on the counter . They are definitely not stainless steel -LRB- probably galvanized -RRB- .
 I used this dispenser for 1 week . After one day , the top started rusting because the soap dripped on it . I washed and scrubbed it out . The day after ... MORE RUST . It is by far the worst item I have ever purchased for my kitchen .
 I would rate this ZERO but that option is not available . The weight of the stainless steel is heavy , exactly what I had expected for 18/8 . However , the top does not affix to the base . It seems the threads inside of the top do not match with the threads on the base . Furthermore , the pumper does not work leaving one to pour the liquid from the base . That 's worse than our original situation with the unsightly bottle of liquid dishsoap on the counter . Yuck!I do NOT recommend the purchase of this product .
 Plastic internal pump cracked within a week . Soap leaks from top down sides in multiple streams . Looks great if you do n't use it and keep it away from water . Better keep it empty too .
 I bought this cup for the bathroom because I was told that stainless steel is more sanitary than plastic . It looks very sleek and sturdy . However , it rusted within the same day .
 I ordered two boxes . One had a 3/4 '' scratch on it . When I used Windex to clean , it cast a smokey brown patina on it that I ca n't get rid of . No cleaning instructions or instructions on how to return item if not satisfied .
 Did n't realize until we got it that it 's not for food use -LRB- so said the label on it -RRB- . Bummed out when I got it . Instead , have recently purchased a Klean Kanteen pint cup which we really like .
 This began rusting after a week and a half . Sure , go ahead -- put soap in it . Just make sure it 's nowhere near any water . The description says `` 18 percent chrome for corrosion-resistance . '' That sounds about right . Soon it 'll be 18 percent rust-free and 82 percent ... well , not so much .
 I was disappointed by this toothbrush holder after putting it to use for just one day - any drops of water that run down the side of the holder or end up around the bottom edge due to splashing/runoff from the bathroom sink immediately seem to trigger the bottom of the holder to rust ! I tried to keep the splashing to a minimum but this thing started leaving a rust-ring on my bathroom counter within a couple days . I still use it since it 's a nice-looking & easily cleaned toothbrush holder but I keep a coaster under it to protect the sink/counter . I wish I could give it more stars since I love the look & functionality of it but I have to give it only 2 stars since I think making it rust-proof is only common sense for something that sits next to your sink . I wonder if all the steeltek `` stainless-steel '' products rust so easily ???
 This dispenser is made of heavy-gauge brushed stainless , and looks and feels great . Unfortunately , it wo n't pump soap.The pump head is made of plastic , and feels flimsy . After using for about a day , it apparently began to `` lose it 's prime '' and would only dispense soap after pumping repeatedly . Eventually , it would n't pump at all , and I returned it.Another example of a potentially-great product ruined by corner-cutting .
 While attractive , the pump works poorly and the top does not screw properly to the bottle . I constantly found one side popped up because the innards of the pour spout are too low , preventing a proper fit when screwing the lid back on . After removing most of the offensive `` innards '' , the top now sits properly and to use it , I just remove the top and POUR my soap . Why ? Because it 's still attractive sitting on my sink and pouring rather than pumping is no biggie
 It leaks from the top , barely drips from the pump ... but it looks great .
 These candlesticks are just barely worth the effort . Wrappables was great in their shipping , etc. . But the candlesticks came out of the package dingy and greyish with some kind of film . When washed , they had filled about a quarter of the way with soapy water . There were no care instructions included . They remind me of something you might pick up at a flea market . They will work for the use I have in mind but if you are looking for something that looks like crystal - stay clear !
 I bought this on a Gold Box deal when it was $ 40 . Even at that price , it ai n't worth it . The description talked about 3 layers including a pillow top and foam base.The pillow top almost seems like it 's missing the fill . What is in there is paper thin and almost unnoticeable . The foam is provides no value whatsoever . It is removable -LRB- for those who asked about washing it -RRB- . But it is about 1/2 '' thick , not the 3 '' that was described . It is n't high density , memory or any type of quality foam , but that cheap yellow foam that disintegrates quickly in a short time.I am returning it without even having put it on my bed . It is n't close to what was described.To give you some kind of idea , the box it came in is 24 `` x24 `` x15 '' for the queen size . It was not compressed at all to fit in the box.I 'm not surprised this is no longer available . The Gold Box deal was obviously an attempt to get rid of remaining stock , but I 'd be surprised if anyone keeps it , even at $ 40 . And since it was not as described , Amazon will pay the return shipping , too.Don ' t waste your time on this item .
 This bed cover is not 4 '' thick . It is not much better than a cheap foam pad . I am very disappointed in this product .
 Do n't get your expectations up on this one . It consists of a topper cover , some thin fiber fill pockets and a layer of ordinary sheet foam . The whole thing ca n't be more than two inches tops . It 's really just a regular mattress topper , nothing special .
 Within a week the product got bent & the shape got changed . . Had kind of hole in the center ... Spoke to t-fal customer service for the replacement they refused & they said that we have to pay s/h for this exchange . . I belive it the product is faulty then the manufacturer should pay s/h . .
 I love T-Fal and have used their products for many years . The problem I have had with this set is that within a week or so the handles started to loosen and get very jiggly . I tried to tighten the weird screws -LRB- these are screws that can not be tightened with any type of household screwdriver -RRB- I used a kitchen knife to get them as tight as I could but they were still very unstable . Within a few months the handles started to crack around the screws and would break off . This is very dangerous ! The last handle that broke off was a few weeks ago and it happened while I was about to drain pasta over the sink , thanks goodness that I was right over the sink when this happened or I would have really gotten hurt or burned or scalded . The same thing happened to another handle on the large frying pan . This is such a dangerous hazzard . Please never transfer from the stove to any surface without being very careful and make sure children are no where around while doing so . I need a new set now and I really love T-Fal but I 'm not sure I want to invest in a product that could eventually harm myself or my family . Please either add a tool for the handles that can make the pans safe !
 Less than 2 months into using these , the largest glass top shattered with a loud pop while covering a pot of water over medium heat . Most of it stayed in the metal rim , but there were a few shards in the pan after I drained it . Not exactly what I was hoping for .
 Every T-Fal pan that I have purchased lasts less than a year . The non-stick coating flakes off into my food and the pans are such cheap quality that the metal warps and the lids no longer fit because the pan is a different shape . Never buying T-Fal again .
 T-Fal customer service is a joke . They do not back their products . Their pans scrated up my new glasstop stove . They refuse to do anything , the people there are rude and do n't even want to talk to you . Buy another brand ! Would not ever buy or reccommend T-Fal to anyone .
 I HAD AN OLD SET OF T-FAL FOR 15 YEARS . . time to replace with new and I bought this set and now I wished I had n't ! The lids/vent handle DO NOT fit on tightly . the lids are &#60; br / &#62; `` put-to-gethers '' and come apart . When I removed the lid , it came apart falling onto my wrist and now I am under doctor 's care for a very VERY VERY NASTY BAD BURN ! &#60; br / &#62; DO NOT PURCHASE THIS !!
 look at the picture , notice the red spots ? Whats going on ?????? When I 'm cooking I do n't like to see a big red circle in the middle of my food .
 I purchased this set about 4 years ago and there is nothing left from this set . The sad thing is I don &#8217; t even cook often so I 'm guessing it was just a poor quality .
 I unpacked everything and it was not as described . One of the frying pans is like a square skillet and the smallest pot is way too small to use for anything . I sent it back within the week .
 Handles where loose and loosened after tightening . Large fry pan looks warped after one use and this was not on high heat . Bottom of the pans are very thin . Non stick yes , so far . Did not meet my expectations . Will have to disagree with the beter reviews . I believe in cookware you get what you pay for !!
 i 'm not sure why the quality in t-fal change , i used t-fal for years and this ones are not so good , the peel at the first month of use , i wash them by hand gentle and they start showing like spots , they are peeling from the screws , not happy with the brand
 I 've had my set for about a year and I already feel I need to replace it , there is a lot of wear . I 've had sets from Wal-Mart that lasted longer albeit they were a bit thinner but the nonstick coating held up better on those than on these . I do n't like how bulky the handles are on the dutch oven , they take up a lot of room -LRB- width -RRB- in my dishwasher . Not to mention the scoop style handles are super weird . I was just hoping that although these are inexpensive they 'd be a step up from buying the cheapest crap wal-mart sells but realistically they were n't any better at all . In fact the pots and pans these were to replace are still in my posession and heat more easily than these ones do .
 When I received these 2 of the pots were bent so the lids would not go on them . Very flimsy .
 I 've had the product for 6 months . I did not use metal utensils and the coating is flaking off . Now I have to go buy new pans . I wish I had the good experience some of the other users had . Oh well ...
 I do n't know if I got a set that was n't properly coated or what . Based on other reviews I thought this would be good cookware . I used the fry pan twice and the non-stick coating was extremely scratched and the coating coming off in several spots . I did not abuse it , I have a cheap -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- set of Mirro cookware I have used over 15 years before the coating finally started to come off . I sent this set back without bothering to try any of the other pans in the set . Very dissapointed .
 I really wanted to like this set but I ended up returning it for a $ 120 stainless steel -LRB- and harder to clean -RRB- set that did n't scratch leaving teflon in my food . Still not sure how toxic it is , but after only 2 weeks of use , I thought a pan should n't do that -- especially since it was light use .
 I brought T-fal pans from my local Sam 's Club wearhouse , and initially , the pans worked great . this is my review after about 1.5 years of use :1 . the handle on the lid -LRB- plastic -RRB- broke after about a year .2 . the non stick coating began to crack from regular use in about about 6 month , and it got so bad that i tossed the pan out in about a year and half .3 . the handle broke twice on me and for both time i super glued them back on . on the third time , i just tossed them out and got an expensive Anolon titanium non-stick set .4 . the pan is not made of aluminum and there are `` hot / cold '' spots on the pan . the hot / cold spot is caused by uneven distribution of heat . a good pan , generally with copper or aluminum core will evenly distribute heat . this pan does not.bottom line : do not use this pan in the oven eventhough the instruction said up to 400 degrees . the handle will and did crack on me for 3 times with occasional oven use.the pan is thin , and does not distribute heat well . and the worst
 the handle broke in half from falling from counter on a rug in the kitchen . And no way to get a new handle .
 I love it when you first start using it . But the inside does wear off and now I wonder how safe they actually are and how much of the wearing off stuff gets in your blood stream . I dropped the one pot and it dented really bad . Next time I will use stainless steel . Feel safer with that . I wont by this product again.JJ
 I 've owned two sets of t-fal cookware and both had to be replaced after two years of use . The non stick surface will wear away with regular use . I 'm currently looking into investing in cookware that will last a life time , such as cast iron . It may cost more , but over time , will save money because it will not need to be replaced every few years . If you want something that will last , do not buy t-fal .
 Those 3 covers sitting on the pots shown in the picture DON NOT FIT the 3 pans shown in the picture . First time EVER I have encountered this problem . RIP OFF AT ANY PRICE !!!
 I thought these were going to be a great replacement for an old mis-matched set of t-fal I had gotten from a storage auction . I received them quickly but did n't open them until months later since we were going to be moving overseas and I wanted to use the new pots and pans at our new house . I was disappointed to see the &#34; red dot &#34; was gone and that instead of a smooth bottom these have grooves on the bottom . They work terrible on our stove here in Germany -LRB- they have the smooth top kind -RRB- . Luckily I had saved a few of the pots and pans from the old set so I 've been able to go back to those but I was really disappointed with this set . It was not was I was expecting at all .
 I 'm always leery of buying certain things online when you ca n't see the quality of manufacture first . Cookware is one of them . I thought with t-fals name and the price that this stuff would be pretty good . It 's not . This is low end walmart ware or even nearly dollar store quality stuff . All the pans are very light with thin bottoms . I do n't expect it to last a year . junk .
 On a separate ccasion , I dropped lids on my kitchen floor and all my handles on the lids are broken . Get another pots and pans if you do n't like to use broken handles . I do n't recommend this item to anyone .
 Bought this as a lighting deal , even had the screen shot to prove that it was supposed to be a certain price . No response to emails to fix the price and no contact numbers to fix the problem . Pretty sad that you ca n't get customer service from one of the biggest online sellers in the world .
 We have purchased several t-fal products over the years , including the more expensive professional grade products . In August we purchased a set of frying pans , which worked fine for about 3 months and then the coating started to bubble up and peel off . When I called consumer services , the representative informed me that I would have to pay to ship the defective frying pans back to them at my own expense . T-fal 's website even suggests that I spend extra to insure the package . The representative informed me that t-fal would not pay for shipping because they would not know if the product was defective until they received it . Of course , no offer was made to reimburse me once they received the defective product and to make matters worse , I was told that had I returned the product within 30 days they would have provided a shipping label . I guess if it is within 30 days they do n't care if it is defective or not . As these particular frying pans only cost us $ 25 dollars , spending close to $ 15 to return them did not make any sense . When I asked to speak to a manager , I was told that no one was available . Needless to say , I threw the pans out and will not be purchasing any t-fal products in the future . I have lost all confidence in the product and respect for the company .
 No complaints about the saute or sauce pans , the lid design is terrible . Aside from the fact that the sealing mechanism does n't seal properly , the whole setup is so flimsy one of my lids is completely unusable . My recommendation , is to avoid this set and look for a set with less fancy and more sturdy lids .
 I bought a set of cookwear made by the same manufacturer of T-Fal about 10 years ago . At the time , I paid approx . $ 175 for the set . We have been fanatical about never using sharp objects with the teflon coating . As a result , the interior of the pans are in very good shape . My problem is with the anodized finish and handles which have not held up at all . While out shopping for new cookwear , I came across the new Wearever sets . Prominently displayed on their packaging is the `` Limited Lifetime Warranty . '' I went home and decided to call their customer service to see if my cookwear could be replaced under warranty . What happened from there was an excercise in poor customer service.The representaive on the phone proceeded to tell me all the things that would not be covered by their warranty , before I could even explain what the issue was with my pans . Suffice it to say the exclusions were so numerous and burdensome that I was given the impression that it would be a waste of time to even bother sending this cookware in because they would be looking for a reason to deny sending you a replacement.For example , he told me that they would not honor the warranty if the cookwear had been improperly washed or got too hot . Hmmmmm , I thought . What good is cookwear if you do n't heat food in it and wash it afterwards . He explained that it could n't be washed in the dishwasher . Fair enough , I thought . We always wash it by hand because of the space they take up , however , I can not say that a babysitter , housekeeper , mother in law etc. . has not run them through the dishwaser . If that will void the warranty , perhaps they should stamp `` NOT DISHWASHER SAFE '' on the bottom of these things . They could also print that on the outside of the carton that they sell them in.I called back and asked to speak with a supervisor , and pretty much got the same story and attitude . If you send your cookwear in , we will take 4-6 weeks to make a determination on whether or not we will replace it . We reserve the right to replace it with something else -LRB- because we do n't make your style anymore -RRB- . The long and short of it is
 This set seemed like a great deal until the knob for the lid of the dutch oven broke off and T-Fal refused to replace it , even at my expense . T-Fal `` customer service '' suggested I go to home depot and purchase a metal knob for a cabinet to use in it 's place . Not a great substitute.I will NEVER purchase pots from T-Fal again . They do n't value their loyal customers and they do n't stand behind their products
 This flipper bends too easily so you ca n't get enough under the food you want to flip . I was disappointed . Have to try another one .
 I have had this rug for about a month now and I am regretting that I ever purchased it . I purchased this rug becuase I have a 10 month old baby that just started crawling . I needed a rug to cover my hardwood floors . The ONE positive thing that I can say about this rug is that it is soft . However , there more faults to it than positive . First of all , I definately suggest buying a thick rug pad to go underneath since this rug is very thin . It is like a thick towel . When I first opened it up , I was extremely upset becuase it is a Burgundy rug and there was plenty of the white weavings visible within the rug . This makes the rug look cheap and DIRTY ! . Whenever I vacuum it I notice more of the white weavings showing up . I am afraid that after a year there will be no rug left ! This rug also sheds TREMEDOUSLY !!! If you sit on it bits and pieces of it get on your clothes and by walking on it you transfer the little pieces of rug throughout the house . So be prepared to have rug pieces all over the place . This rug was definately NOT WORTH the $ 200.00 I paid for it !!
 I purchased three rugs . All are chocolate , and pretty close to the color I was expecting . I bought two long runners for my halls , which are the perfect length , and one area rug for my living room . Initially , I was fairly pleased.I read the reviews before purchasing these rugs , and between the reviews and the price , I was n't expecting an amazing product . I was anticipating some shedding . It did shed -LRB- a LOT -RRB- . The care instructions also stated that the rug may shed during the first few washes . After seeing how much fuzz was ending up in other parts of my house , I decided to wash them according to the manufacturer 's care instructions to help along the shedding process . What I did n't anticipate was the un-even fading during the first wash along with shedding so severe , that I now have bald spots on my two week old rugs . What is n't bald now looks matted , stringy , and ugly . What a waste !! If I 'd been smart enough to keep my packing slip , I would send them back right away . Without that , I 'm thinking of throwing them in the garbage .
 The shaker is very good about keeping your hands from feeling the temperature of the drink as well as nice styling -- that is until you wash it in the dishwasher . I should have listened to the other reviews , it does condensate inside the shaker so you can see water droplets under whatever colored material is used to make the outside of the shaker , and the stainless steal of the inside . Of course , there is no way to seperate them to clean it . If looks matter , it shows that stainless steel is probably still the way to go if you want quality .
 This shaker has what 's probably the worst design flaw that a shaker could have -- it leaks . The lid fits into the cup , and does not form a tight seal . The two stars it gets are purely for form , I 'd give it zero stars for function .
 If you plan to use this caddy for a month , then this is for you . It fitted nicely in my bathtub but I had to deal with rust flakes all over the shower after a few weeks .
 This is only for your shower . It fits floor to ceiling , not tub to ceiling . I put the whole thing together before I realized that . Check your dimensions before you buy .
 I must say , these are not near as bright as portrayed . In fact , you can barely see them -LRB- unless it 's totally dark -RRB- . Kind of a waste . Nice concept , though .
 Last night I measured 4 cups of boiling water into this pyrex dish to pour into a recipe , poured the water and set it down on the counter . As I started to walk away it sounded like a gunshot . The glass was all over in a 5 foot radius . I just got this measuring cup for x-mas , it is new . Just do a search for exploding pyrex and you will see that I am not the only one this has happened to with newer pyrex . I am just glad it did n't explode with the boiling water in it , and burn my feet or my dogs . Buyers Beware !!!!
 I have 3 pyrex measuring cups . I bought this one bec I make my own salad dressing every 2 days and store the rest in the fridge . I got tired of wasting saran wrap to cover . Naturally you would buy the cup with the lid to keep things fresh . Unfortunately , this is not even close to airtight . The `` seal part '' goes straigt down the glass and does not seal off the outside air . And it does not keep other smells from creeping in . The spout on the glass is good for pouring . The lid is something else to wash . It is useless .
 I just bought this here a little while ago - turns out pyrex is NO LONGER made of the same product . I poured hot water into it , and it exploded into shattered shards all over my kitchen , I burned my leg and foot.BUYER BEWARE . PYREX SHATTERS .
 Our Pyrex Cup arrived out of the box with a defective handle . The base of the handle had a big crease on the underside right where it meets the cup portion that hurt your finger it stuck up so high and was so rough and obvious . The handle itself was also deformed as though it was taken out of the casting or mold while still soft , thus deforming the handle so that it was slightly bent out to the right . We have requested a replacement which arrives on Monday.This is the second Pyrex product we have seen this type of problem with . The first one was a 2 cup purchased locally , that always dripped no matter how we poured with it . Upon closer inspection against an identical model we later purchased , we discovered that the spout was not formed correctly , and instead of being straight across like the new one , drooped down which caused it to drip no matter how it was used.After seeing two instances of a Pyrex product being released to retail with obvious manufacturing defects in the forming of the glass , I am starting to really question if this company really deserves our business . If this replacement cup arrives with a problem , it will be the last Pyrex product I ever purchase.UPDATE
 Mine exploded ! It had nothing to do with thermal shock as everything was room temperature . I was stirring some sugar into fresh blueberries -LRB- everything was room temp including the measuring cup -RRB- and then POP ! Glass shards flew a distance of approx 4 feet . I was left holding the handle of the cup with blueberries and glass shards all over the counter and in other food prep items . YIKES . I sustained one small laceration in the hand that held the handle . I felt fortunate NOT to get a shard of exploding glass in my eye . Close Call.What 's up with this ==== Again NOT a thermal shock incident.No more `` pyrex '' products for me .
 I know that I am not a professional baker , but I usually do n't have this much trouble in my kitchen . I had this great idea of making a flower pot cake with cookie flowers coming out of the top for my daughter 's birthday . Try as I might , I could not keep the majority of the cookies from falling off the sticks , and the ones that stayed in place looked awfully fragile . I tried putting extra dough on top of the sticks , but the dough becomes concave as it bakes and the sticks do not stay in . The directions say to fill the flower forms 1/8 inch from the top , which wo n't technically really cover the sticks anyway . I feel as if the sticks should be inserted deeper into the cookies , which are really thick -LRB- kind of like cookie cakes -RRB- . I used the cookie mix recommended in the directions , which did taste great . I wish I could take the tray back , but I 've used it about 5 times now . By the way , I never write reviews . Now I have to head back to the store for flower cookie cutters and I 'll use wooden skewers to be the stems ... . Wish I had just tried that in the first place .
 The seller did n't specify the size of this bags holder . It appears much bigger on the picture , but the real size is only 4.5 '' x 7.5 '' . Not worth buying .
 I thought it would be larger . I did n't use it where I had planned , but I keep it in my bathroom for that garbage and it works perfect inside the sink door .
 Within 2 months of buying Pfaltzgraff Sonya service for 8 , the knives became pitted and rusted all along the blade . This flatware looks great but is poor quality - and after a couple of months is totally unusable . Stay away
 It turns out that this mixing bowl is not made by corel , and is not the high quality high temperature glass originally used . Corel sold of it 's Pyrex brand to another company called World Kitchen . WK uses common bottle glass for all it 's Pyrex line , rather than the ` lab glass ' that made pyrex worth buying.I was forced to purchase a replacement for the 16 year loyal pyrex measuring that finaly broke . It arrived today , complete with defective bubbles and cracks through both the handle and bowl . Return shipping will cost more than the item did to purchase , so I am out of luck.If you are looking for the quality pyrex that has been used for generations , you are out of luck . It has not been made for a while now .
 I use this cup in 2 cup size for making salad dressing . I make enough for a couple of nights and like to put the rest in the refrig . I had been covering my cup with saran , so I jumped at this cup with lid . Problem is , it does not seal . There is a big gap between the spout and the lid . So , the dressing dries out or the dressing -LRB- if garlic/onion/shallot -RRB- smell permeates through the refrig . It does not seal so liquids will leak out of the spout . It would be good for pouring off liquids from , say , micro 'd veggies.The other irritating thing is , I have 2 other PYREX 2-cup measuring cups -LRB- I bought this 3rd cup bec of the lid -RRB- , and the lid does n't fit them .
 I use this cup in 2 cup size for making salad dressing . I make enough for a couple of nights and like to put the rest in the refrig . I had been covering my cup with saran , so I jumped at this cup with lid . Problem is , it does not seal . There is a big gap between the spout and the lid . So , the dressing dries out or the dressing -LRB- if garlic/onion/shallot -RRB- smell permeates through the refrig . It does not seal so liquids will leak out of the spout . It would be good for pouring off liquids from , say , micro 'd veggies.The other irritating thing is , I have 2 other PYREX 2-cup measuring cups -LRB- I bought this 3rd cup bec of the lid -RRB- , and the lid does n't fit them .
 OK , the thing does hold 8 cups as promised . The Pyrex appears -LRB- I am not an expert -RRB- to be second class , but I may be wrong . What is appalling is the design of the spout . If one pours with it the stream clings to the bowl and makes a huge mess . If this thing was truly made in the USA -LRB- it says so on the product -RRB- it is a scathing indictment of our educational system -LRB- design -RRB- , and of quality control -LRB- did anybody ever try this design in real life ? -RRB- . Not worth sending back .
 I use this cup in 2 cup size for making salad dressing . I make enough for a couple of nights and like to put the rest in the refrig . I had been covering my cup with saran , so I jumped at this cup with lid . Problem is , it does not seal . There is a big gap between the spout and the lid . So , the dressing dries out or the dressing -LRB- if garlic/onion/shallot -RRB- smell permeates through the refrig . It does not seal so liquids will leak out of the spout . It would be good for pouring off liquids from , say , micro 'd veggies.The other irritating thing is , I have 2 other PYREX 2-cup measuring cups -LRB- I bought this 3rd cup bec of the lid -RRB- , and the lid does n't fit them .
 I 'm so disgusted with this product I 'd have fought to return it after I used it if it was n't relatively cheap -LRB- and I am keen to avoid the hassle of shipping it back etc. -RRB- . The cover is worthless . It does n't fit onto the top of the container properly . If I had n't received the container and top together I would have bet that they were not a match . The cover is supposed to slide down inside the measure cup . Not a chance . Only about half of the cover can fit . There was empty space in weird places too . It 's hard to explain -LRB- and I know I 'm struggling with the description ! -RRB- but the bottom line is that the cover does n't work . I highly recommend against this product if you 're interested in something with any kind of cover at all .
 You can not pour out of this . I make a white sauce and I want to pour the broth into the sauce while i whisk with the other hand . I always have broth all over my stove . The only time you can pour somewhat decently is when the container is only half full . Also , the lit does n't fit very tightly at all .
 I 've gotten so tired of spilling hot water virtually every time I use my two cup Pyrex Prepware measuring cup , which has been at least once a day for years , that I decided to break down and purchase a different brand.The spout is way too short and narrow on this model , so you have to make a concerted effort to pour very slowly and methodically , if you do n't want spillage to seep from the mouth of the spout . I 'm just not alert enough to attend to that when I microwave hot water for my morning coffee each day . Since other people have had items made from the new Pyrex formula explode on them , I decided to not push my luck any further and just replace the darn thing . Ca n't recommend this product at all.I replaced this item with a Luminarc and I could not be more pleased . That model is wider and shorter , so it has a lower center of gravity , but more importantly , it has a uniquely designed raised spout that prevents me from making regulars spills , so I recommend purchasing that model instead : Luminarc Measuring Cups .5 L / 2 Cup Measuring Cup
 I use this cup in 2 cup size for making salad dressing . I make enough for a couple of nights and like to put the rest in the refrig . I had been covering my cup with saran , so I jumped at this cup with lid . Problem is , it does not seal . There is a big gap between the spout and the lid . So , the dressing dries out or the dressing -LRB- if garlic/onion/shallot -RRB- smell permeates through the refrig . It does not seal so liquids will leak out of the spout . It would be good for pouring off liquids from , say , micro 'd veggies.The other irritating thing is , I have 2 other PYREX 2-cup measuring cups -LRB- I bought this 3rd cup bec of the lid -RRB- , and the lid does n't fit them .
 If I can still find the box for this , it 's going back . One of the cheap wall anchors , with no lip on it , fell back into the wall . Tried different anchors , it simply wo n't screw all the way in and hold it tight with the magnetic strip in place . We 've been trying to mount this thing for an hour and no dice . A wiggly , insecure holder for knives ? No thanks .
 I received this stockpot for christmas - Given the price tag of this item -LRB- $ 450 -RRB- one would expect this to be perfect craftsmanship . Not so , the cover did n't fit quite right . It snugged down into the pan and wobbled , unlike the Copper-Core sauce pan I already owned where the cover sits on top . I called Williams-Sonoma , the place of purchase . They had no idea what I was talking about but said they would gladly refund . So the pan was returned and I ordered another from Chefs Catalog hoping I just got a bad pan . Same problem - I then called All-Clad directly . Customer service had no idea what I was talking about , they were under the impression the cover was the same as their sauce pans . They promised to check this out and get back to me . They never did . I sent an email to customer service , but never got a reply . I called Chefs catalog , they said they would investigate this , but it would take a week . I never heard from them again . I called All-Clad again - and was told to trace the cover and the pot to see if it was out of round ... I did this but it was very difficult to tell given that the tolerance for out of round would be so slight . I called All-Clad again , explained my frustration and they told me they would check into this . They did call me back the same day this time , and told me the wobbling of the pan cover was normal . So I lived with this ... After a couple of months I called All-Clad again , it just did n't make sense to me that the cover should fit this way . Customer service told me that there was a bad batch of pans that were out of round . They told me to send it back . They also told me to put the mailing receipt in the box and they would reimburse for shipping . I received a new pan yesterday . The cover fits perfectly - it 's exactly the same as the sauce pan . I did not get reimbursed for the shipping - Overall this is a great pan - but the lack of customer support is appalling , both from the sellers of this product and the manufacturer . You would think that when buying top of the line products you would get better service - I doubt I 'll buy another All-Clad product - There 's too many other good quality products out there -
 I purchased two of these organizers online from Target in fall 2007 and sadly my first negative impression has only been confirmed over time . Although I was concerned when researching about the tops of the silverware being exposed in the sleeves -LRB- refer to the product picture -RRB- , I trusted my previous experience with the Hagerty brand and the mention of this product 's lift-over fabric flap.Unfortunately , the box is not sturdy enough to hold the various sleeves well , even when they are only half-full , and thus the fabric overdrape does not maintain full contact with the silverware.The inserts are not well made , with uneven widths for the pockets , so if you are working with heirloom silver , you may have trouble fitting one piece per pocket.The drawer at the bottom also is flimsy and kludgy to operate.I feel badly being so negative about this product , but I wish I 'd been warned before I spent more than $ 50 apiece on two of them . I am thinking about either buying some Hagerty fabric yardage or a couple of the holloware bags and creating more airtight-type storage.The only positive about this product is that the individual pockets are sewn of sheets of the Hagerty cloth and keep the pieces separate rather than nested . The stitching on the pockets is flimsy at best and the fabric is uneven.EDIT
 I ordered these for a Christmas gift and had totally missed the stoneware description . Most of my family members hate stoneware for the reason of it being heavy . Upon first glance to these plates I immediately thought to myself , `` What will I do with them ?! '' They are really too heavy for seniors with pain in their hands and too heavy to hang as decoration plates on your walls . I had also thought they were smaller in size . I had hoped to impress with the Pfaltzgraff name but stoneware has no practicality for me . I 'm sure those familiar to Pfaltzgraff will think I am crazy to return these but I simply can not find a use for them due to their weight . When you order online be sure to read ALL the details so you wo n't make the same mistake when purchasing gifts .
 This product is in now way as described . The filling is compressed to the point where you sink immediately to the ground . It does not feel like sleeping on a cloud at all . Bits of trash poke as well . Additionally , once you open it - it is impossible to replace in the box for shipment back to amazon for a refund . I highly doubt it is safe for children as my cat sunk right down and was caught in all the loose fabric . This is not a chair in any sense .
 Comfort Research must be the worst brand of high end bean bags out there.This product is definitely not worth the asking price . The fuf inside sticks together a lot and makes for a lot of sharp edges to stab you in the back when you sit down . Mine also arrived with a damaged cover . There was a small rip we did n't detect in the fabric until the second day we had it . As the fuf got more air and expanded , the rip got bigger and bigger . Since the product is too big to return , we had to settle with duct taping the rip -LRB- real ugly -RRB- , and accepting a meager 15 % refund.Worst of all , its just a bean bag . This is n't high end furniture that is going to last for years , this thing 's got to have a lifespan of about two months , tops . You can get something just as good or better for a fraction of the price of this thing on this very site if you just go with a different brand . Heck , if you go with a different color of the same item , you can shave almost $ 80 off the purchase.I 'm very disappointed in this product , and I definitely do n't recommend anyone else buy it .
 I purchased this chest as a gift for my grandaughter . I had purchased a flatware set separately . Unfortunately , the knives do not fit in the slots indicated for them . Therefore , it does n't hold the service for 16 as advertised . I am very unhappy about this and would like to return it .
 The file drawer was relatively simple to assemble . However , one of the drawers was cracked where the side panels dovetail into the drawer face . The wood was actually broken . This was not something that occurred in shipping , after inpspection , I could see that small nails were driven in such a way to prevent a good dovetail and the assembler at the factory simply tried to jam it in , thus cracking the wood . Also , the bottom file door does not close flush . It protrudes approx 1/4 inch ; . It is too much of a hassle to ship back so , with the assistance of liquid nails and some rigging , I 'll live with it ; altho ' , I will be cautious in what I oreder online ...
 A little bit disgruntled ; even though I read the other reviews I was hoping it would be a nice piece of furniture . The legs go wide and the shelf does n't fit right . The knob also pulled right off .
 Very disappointed Kitchenaid fan . This spatula is not only too large and poorly balanced , but also broke recently when dealt some routine cooking abuse . Snapped right at that pretty narrow neck . Futhermore , the plastic handles are not heatproof like the silcone , so if you leave it leaning on the pan or the stove , it will melt . What 's the point ?
 The blade is unusually thick for a turner ; if I have a slick and greasy pan I find it difficult to get it under the food instead of just pushing it around . And when the pan is n't slick , the extremely soft and flexible edges become a disadvantage , as they 're not good at scraping off anything that 's really * stuck * to the pan.It does clean up easy , and it does n't yet show any signs of wear , I just do n't find it especially effective to use .
 What a mistake KitchenAid made when they designed this turner . The balance is very poor . If I 'm not very careful the darn thing falls out of my small fry pan every morning unto the floor . It 's too thick and ca n't get under food . I 'm looking for a new turner .
 I bought this spatula/turner because I trusted the KitchenAid brand name . They may make great mixers , but not spatulas . I have used my spatula for turning pancakes , eggs , etc. . The plastic has melted at the tip -LRB- and on the bottom near the tip -RRB- and it 's too thick to really be of much use . Do n't waste your time or money on this product .
 I ran it through the dishwasher and put it away . The next time I used it , I applied a little pressure to scoop something out of the skillet and a bunch of trapped water ran out of the hollow handle and into my food . I think the dishwasher filled it up with water.Too bad because I generally have a high opinion of Kitchenaid .
 I 'm not happy with this turner . It is n't versitile and wo n't handle most of the food I would use it for . I chipped the edge the second week I had it , which renders it even less usable . My cheap stainless steel turner with a good edge that I got 30 years ago is a lot better . I am sorry I bought this one , and wo n't be ever buying another one . Wasted my money .
 1 of the drawers on the desk was broken . When it was constructed the wood split . I tried going through the manufacturer to get it replaced , and they sent the wrong color , and also the drawers were in broken even worse !! The workmanship was horrible ! buy the desk if you are just looking for something that you do n't care if it may fall apart ...
 Even though these sheets were a 300 thread count , they were manufactured using such fine thread that they ended up being very thin and flimsy . Only redeeming value is the low price . Would not recomend these sheets unless your only other choice is sleeping on a mattress !
 I have to admit that this is not as handy as I hoped . It is big and clumsy and it 's a little too flexable .
 The colander is too large and bulky . It was not what I expected it to be .
 I paid extra for these items to arrive in time for a dinner party ; they arrived two days after the party . When they arrived , they were full of scratches and they look very cheap . Horrible experience .
 Received these trays quickly from Onesource . Very disappointed as they all had indentation like lines . They are very thin almost like a frozen pie plate , I would expect to find these items at the dollar store . Never received a reply for a return from the seller . They are not worth $ 25.00 .
 The item was packaged well and wrapped individually but when taking them out of the wrapper they were scratched terribly and had to be returned . Very disappointed .
 Trays are very nice , the only problem is fingerprints , no matter where you pick them up from or how many times you wipe them .
 When I was a young girl my neighbor Nona Ada -LRB- Grandma Ada -RRB- was Italian and always made her own pastas ! As I grew up and moved away , I tried pasta after pasta and never found Nona 's pasta ! So I bought this machine in hopes that I could make her pasta too ! And I have ! THANKFULLY ! She 's now almost 90 years old and I asked her for her secret recipe ! She sent me the original card she 's had for many many years from her mother who originally came from Italy ! It was truly a blessing to get that ! I was honored ! She used a roller to make her pasta but I used my Lello and it , I might have to say ... was better than Nona Ada 's pasta ! I usually make 2 pounds of pasta a week -LRB- yes I eat a ton of pasta daily ! -RRB- I 've even only had my machine about 6 months now and have paid for the machine many times over , with the cost of pasta -LRB- and trips to Italian restaurants -RRB- that I no longer need to buy . I figure I am actually saving about 30-50 dollars on my bills just by making my own pastas each month ! Pretty cool if you ask me ! I make whole wheat pasta -LRB- Nona Ada , please forgive me ! lol -RRB- and it is amazing ! One tip I have is to soak the disk in HOT HOT HOT water for about 5 minutes while you 're mixing your ingredients in the machine and right before it is ready to come through the extractor , put it on . Do n't wipe it off or anything , the warmth and the wetness will help it get out easier : -RRB- Update . . down to 2 stars now because of the malfunction that nearly shattered my windows with flying pieces!Ok really upset now ! I was trying to make pasta yesterday and the grey screw thing that holds on the disk broke in a million pieces and flew all over my kitchen ! Please send me a new screw thing ! I have n't owned this machine for even a year and I ca n't even use it now ... and your company -LRB- lello -RRB- want to charge me over 20 dollars for the screw , but should n't it be under warranty ? Please contact me with what you 'll do for me because I have bragged about your product for a long time now and ... UGH !
 Weighed ingredients carefully for 3 lbs of pasta . Machine 's bowl and lid moved around when mixing . This shut off the unit again and again as the lid has a safety switch in it . Removed half the dough to lessen the load and lid movement but this did n't work . It still moved around disconnecting the unit . Also , when it did n't shut itself off , dough did not feed smoothly to the extruder chamber . Very disappointed at what appeared to be a well made product . Solution
 It says hand free , but actually , it is not hand free . I have to open cover many many times during the pasta making becuase dough stuck and can not move on .
 Not a good product for a new pasta maker . I followed the directions to the letter and it was not allowing the pasta to flow out to make the noodles correctly . Again , could have been me , but if you are new to homemade pasta , this is a horrible machine . It also stopped working on me during the first use so I returned it . I ordered one of the hand crank machines with a motor on it , which I am sure will be much easier and full proof than this machine . Also , the instructions tell you that the machine could stop working if you get any flour down in past a certain part -- now tell me how you are suppose to keep flour that gets in any crevice possible out of the area where the dough is suppose to flow out of the machine ? Too risky for me .
 I am not impressed . I recently purchased this machine with high hopes that technology had advanced enough to out perform my old worn out , long retired early 90 's vintage `` Pasta Express From CTC '' . There are those instances when time is short it would be nice to not make pasta by hand using a more traditional pasta roller/cutter . So I decided to give this machine a try thinking Lello may have got it right by watching what designs did n't work with other vendors of similar machines over the years . But after three uses it is in my opinion a marginal improvement.First the good points ... It 's mixes the flour into pasta dough very well . The design of the stirring paddles do a decent job of mixing the flour and water together . Using Semolina and whole wheat blend you can generally get perfect consistency dough in about 10-15 mins.Single direction operating motor for both mixing and extruding . Gone is the need to flip a direction switch for each operation.Simple operation to swap out extrusion die , and its metal outer ring makes cutting off the pasta easy with a single scrape of a knife blade.Solid construction . This machine is heavy and definitely stays put on the counter top when operating.Clean up is pretty simple -LRB- use the let it dry dirty method -RRB- and all parts disassemble easily . The extrusion auger chamber was the only component that was hardest to clean.Well written recipe instruction booklet.Now the not so good points ... Yep ... it 's made in China -LRB- did you expect no less ? -RRB- . Very noisy . When in operation the motor reduction gears are really LOUD ! My first impression was perhaps the unit needs some time to `` break in '' . Nope ... the idler gear for the extrusion auger is rattling away sounding like it 's in dire need of some grease . The noise this thing makes when mixing dough made me wonder if I should n't take it down to the nearest AAMCO transmission shop for a tune up . This is a food processing appliance but it sounds like a gravel yard rock crusher . It had me reaching for my ear plugs . However when under load i.e. extruding pasta it seems to quite down a tiny bit . This machine is one of the noisier appliances in my kitchen , second only to the blender.Extrusion speed . Can you say sloooooooooooooooow ! I 've literally made a ton of pasta over the years using other techniques and this machine is painfully slow . It seems to take forever auto-loading the auger slot and produce pasta on the other end . Once it gets going the pasta oozing from the extrusion die creeps along . Many times the stirring paddles in the mixing bowl fail to push enough material into the auger slot to keep the extruded pasta coming out at a constant rate . This requires you to frequently stop the machine , rearrange the dough , and start it up again . Not very `` automatic '' in my view , more like semi-auto . Lello definitely needs to rethink how to improve the auger/extrusion chamber components , especially the dough feed slot . This in my view is it 's weakest design point.Smelly . My new machine smelled like paint fumes when operating . Not sure exactly what is causing the odor , but once the motor had been running for a few minutes -LRB- empty or full mixing bowl -RRB- and the reduction gear oil or motor windings got warm , it smelled like old lead paint . Not very appealing when making fresh delicious pasta . Now the components that are in contact with the food appear to be mostly food grade polycarbonate plastic . But when you smell paint like fumes wafting out from the motor ventilation holes , it definitely evokes thoughts of the recent issues regarding lead tainted plastic in products coming from China.All in all I give this unit 2 stars . I find mixing the flour in a bowl or mixer and using a traditional pasta roller/cutting machine is overall quicker , and much more straight forward . Plus there is nothing like getting personal with the food you eat by using your own hands to prepare it . Sure it 's a wee bit messy , but the time spent making your pasta manually and cleaning up after will overall be less than the time it takes to make the same amount using this machine . I sent my machine back for a refund . Perhaps I 'll wait another 15 years before trying another `` automatic '' pasta maker again .
 I have been using an old CTC pasta machine that is on it 's last legs . I liked that I could make a hearty , all egg , semolina flour pasta with the CTC . The Lello requires bleached flour at all times , either 100 % or at least partially with semolina or other flours . Plus , all flour must be sifted and weighed . As an experienced pasta machine operator , I am familiar with the different and certain consistencies that seem to work best . The Lello seems to require a more moist yet lighter dough mix , with smaller coagulations . I had a difficult time getting the mix to fall into the 2nd stage auger for extrusion . While I feel that the Lello may make decent lighter and basic pastas , it failed at making the heartier , all egg , semolina pasta that I enjoy .
 My family loves fresh pasta and we are willing to work for it , just not this much . We bought a 3000 Pro and regret doing so . The process of making pasta with this machine -LRB- and probably any electric all-in-one other like it -RRB- is such a royal pain in the ... well , it is a pain . A gigantic mess is created weighing , measuring , mixing , adding more flour , finally getting the extruding started , noise like a factory stone grinder that drowns out conversation , no room on the table to eat because the machine and the associated mess take up all the space , eating good pasta but no different than store-bought fresh , a giant mound of leftover pasta - who wants to store it , we just want a pasta dinner - and then , finally , full and tired , surveying the mess and facing up to the lengthy and frustrating chore of cleaning this thing and all it 's parts full of pasta dough-catching crevices and extrusion holes ... We should of bought a hand-crank pasta machine or , better yet , bought the higher-end dried pastas we 've bought for years that are available at many stores - brands such as Delverde or De Cecco.Pros : - It makes good pasta . The basic recipe tastes very much like the fresh Butoni pasta available everywhere . Some might feel this is faint praise . - The machine is sturdy , appears well-made , and has a strong motor.Cons : - Intrusively noisy . - Not worth the effort or the mess made at every step of the way through the process . - Cleaning the machine is a hassle . - The pasta is good but no better than what is available at most decent supermarkets , certainly not remotely close to the point that the taste counterbalances all the negatives . - Why put hours into something that can otherwise be created in 30 minutes , including the time it takes to boil the water and clean the pot afterward?A large percentage of the reviews of this machine are 4 and 5 star reviews , so take this one with a grain of salt . The machine works , nothing was broken upon arrival , it does n't smell or act weird and it did n't arrive coated in oil . It just is n't worth the effort and now we have another big , heavy , kitchen device that we 'd probably use maybe 5 or 6 times a year if we were n't going to sell it or give it away .
 we are very dissappointed in this machine . once extruding , the dough leaks from the side damper . we have yet been able to extrude a full batch because the gluten developes and disables the ` drop into the extrusion hole ' design . this is a significant design flaw . It is challenging to clean even after allowing the dough to dry before scraping . I 'm sorry I asked Santa for this machine .
 We did not even try this one as it shipped to our home , after the opening , the machine is all covered with lubricating oil . We just requested a return for health concerns .
 save your money . do not buy this product !!! takes 15 min to make a pound of pasta . very slow . to extrude pasta , you have to remove a small plastic divider , after mixing dough . when removed there is a opening for dough to come out of all over the counter !!!
 This spoon -LRB- and accompanying spatula , etc. -RRB- is so BIG ! It would be great for stirring a pot of chili for 20 , but it 's just too big and awkward for regular use . I 'm sorry I bought it -- I would have been smarter just to go to Target or wherever for my kitchenware .
 The positive reviews had me so hopeful . The best part of this baster is the cleaning brush to clean other stuff . This oval mouthed baster sounded so great , but it WILL NOT hold hot liquids . It spills , pours out and is utterly worthless as a baster . Yes if you hold the oval horizontal is does n't spill AS FAST as if you hold it vertical , but it still pours out . Maybe it would hold thick cold liquids like maple syrup , but for basting a turkey it is a failure .
 this is exactly what i am looking for however i can get it new from Pampered Chef for 16.00
 Let me just say this seller is not worth the worthless bar pan I now own . I had this in my new oven with salmon baking when I heard a large `` pop . '' I could n't imagine what could have possibly made that sound when I looked in the oven to see the bar pan literally split in two and the oil from the salmon was dripping all over my brand new oven ... -LRB- not happy !!! -RRB- I contacted the seller 3 times to find out what the status of a replacement was and got no `` real '' answer other than that they would need to contact pampered chef or that they were waiting to hear from pampered chef on how to handle ... or may need to just go through pampered chef ! Obviously , this seller was happy to make the sale but not willing to take care of any problems or issue a replacement , which was all I was asking for !! Go to someone reputable , do not go through this seller ! I love pampered chef and every other product I have owned has been fine ... . I just got a defective product and unfortunately the seller wo n't remedy !
 Never got the product -- what a rip off . I have had one for 12 years but when the gift order is not delievered quality does not matter .
 The problem with this spatula and all silicone models I 've tried is that they ca n't or wo n't put a sharp edge on the unit . When you try to slide the turner between the food and the pan , all you end up doing is pushing the food around the pan . Frustrating . Purhaps the silicone is so soft that a sharp edge is not stiff enough to hold up . Someone needs to rethink the use of this material . I do , though , like the superior heat resistance of this product .
 I bought this product and plan on sending it back to the manufacturer . The glue they used to place labels on both top and bottom -LRB- it 's reversible ! -RRB- does not come off . After soaking it overnight , scrubbing by hand , then running thru a dishwasher cycle ... the glue residue is still there . The product may be fine , but so little attention was paid to packaging , the product is useless .
 I just received this cutting board . There was a label on each side attached with glue which has n't come off yet after several minutes of scrubbing . I am very disappointed .
 As the other posters have said , they 're not kidding about that glue . Do n't buy this board . It looks very nice , but after scrubbing with sponges , soaking in hot water overnight , putting it through the dishwasher a couple times , etc , I can not remove 4 sticky wads of glue -LRB- two on each side -RRB- . DO NOT MAKE THE MISTAKE OF BUYING THIS THING .
 I liked the 32 ounce capacity and that was about it . The pump was defective and the replacement was also of poor quality . The stainless steel rusted super easy . Do n't waste your time ! I went to Bed Bath and Beyond and purchased a pump/scrubber holder all in one . I am satisfied although I do wish it had a larger capacity . PS I only gave it 1 star because it would n't allow me to give it 0 stars . It did ship fast and the replacement too , but again , it 's totally not worth it .
 This began rusting after a week and a half . Sure , go ahead -- put soap in it . Just make sure it 's nowhere near any water . The description says `` 18 percent chrome for corrosion-resistance . '' That sounds about right . Soon it 'll be 18 percent rust-free and 82 percent ... well , not so much .
 I was so please to find a stainless steel soap dispenser , only to have soapy rust going down the side . At first I thought it was from a refill but it continued and I am so very disappointed in this product .
 This product does not work . It did not work from the beginning and it was a complete waste of money .
 Length :
 I tried to iron a shirt and it was a nightmare . it leaks and all the floor around got wet.In addition to that , you can spend an hour just ironing a sleeve.It is a pretty bad system , please do not purchase it , listen to a friend who is warning you !!!!
 These sheets are aweful . They are so wrinkly and stiff . I should have listened to all of the other reviewers when they said the same thing . TRUST me . They 're not worth the money not matter how good the deal sounds .
 These are so stiff even with multiple washings I 'll never use them
 Unlike the other reviewers , my Kitchenaid cork screw worked fine for almost two years . It never quite pulled the cork far enough out of the bottle to suit me -- it did n't make cork pulling labor-free -- but I found it much easier than any previous such tool I ever owned . Alas , as in many of the other reviews , the screw finally broke off in a cork and the device seems irreparable . A cheap plastic cork screw had to be called into service . I just visited the Kitchenaid web page and they do n't offer a cork screw for sale anymore . I presume that I will soon toss mine as well . Planning to buy one of these for $ 30 ? Clint would ask you
 Like 7 of the 8 other reviews , this product broke with no way to repair it . For the price and apparent sturdiness , it is just one big failure and is to be avoided .
 I purchased this corkscrew only one month ago , expecting it to be a lifetime lasting product . WRONG ! The corkscrew broke off while we were opening a bottle ~ the screw coming off in the cork , remaining beyond repair . What a horrible product !
 Super heavy duty looking but broke after 9 uses . The actual corkscrew broke off of the main shaft . Exceptionally poor design .
 We used this cork screw for about 1 month before the screw broke off in a cork . -LRB- It was n't even a hard plastic cork but an actual `` cork '' cork . -RRB- You would think they would make these with a better quality steel screw.Shame on you KitchenAid .
 I had one of these wine operers for a couple of weeks . During that time , it worked fine and delivered ease and power to opening wine.Then ... crack ... the screw part broke off in a wine cork while I was opening the 22nd bottle . Alas , the time that I could have returned it was over , so off it went into the metal recycleables bin.Get something with a stronger cork screw attached to the levers.This is not the one to buy !
 Works fine for standard style bottles , but the collar actually cracked when using it to open a 1.5 liter bottle with a flanged top . Poor design ... I 'm still nursing a painful finger that got pinched in the cracked collar .
 I have had this rug for about a month now and I am regretting that I ever purchased it . I purchased this rug becuase I have a 10 month old baby that just started crawling . I needed a rug to cover my hardwood floors . The ONE positive thing that I can say about this rug is that it is soft . However , there more faults to it than positive . First of all , I definately suggest buying a thick rug pad to go underneath since this rug is very thin . It is like a thick towel . When I first opened it up , I was extremely upset becuase it is a Burgundy rug and there was plenty of the white weavings visible within the rug . This makes the rug look cheap and DIRTY ! . Whenever I vacuum it I notice more of the white weavings showing up . I am afraid that after a year there will be no rug left ! This rug also sheds TREMEDOUSLY !!! If you sit on it bits and pieces of it get on your clothes and by walking on it you transfer the little pieces of rug throughout the house . So be prepared to have rug pieces all over the place . This rug was definately NOT WORTH the $ 200.00 I paid for it !!
 I purchased three rugs . All are chocolate , and pretty close to the color I was expecting . I bought two long runners for my halls , which are the perfect length , and one area rug for my living room . Initially , I was fairly pleased.I read the reviews before purchasing these rugs , and between the reviews and the price , I was n't expecting an amazing product . I was anticipating some shedding . It did shed -LRB- a LOT -RRB- . The care instructions also stated that the rug may shed during the first few washes . After seeing how much fuzz was ending up in other parts of my house , I decided to wash them according to the manufacturer 's care instructions to help along the shedding process . What I did n't anticipate was the un-even fading during the first wash along with shedding so severe , that I now have bald spots on my two week old rugs . What is n't bald now looks matted , stringy , and ugly . What a waste !! If I 'd been smart enough to keep my packing slip , I would send them back right away . Without that , I 'm thinking of throwing them in the garbage .
 Pretty nice spatula , but the shaft is bit too flexible for my taste :-LRB- Also , although it is 9 '' in length , this is certainly not a compact spatula .
 For a silicone spatula it is not heat-resistant . The first time I used it the edges cracked . Plus it is not flexible so you can only use it at certain angles . Waste of money ... I sold it in my garage sale!I recommend Le Creuset instead .
 This coupler starter cracking at the outside edge the very first time I used it . I got 3 or 4 uses out of it , and now it has cracked to the point where the tips wo n't stay in .
 The Farberware bar and wine winged corkscrew is cheaply made , poorly designed , and a generally disappointing product . It does n't center easily on the cork , seemingly always entering on an angle , it feels `` tinny '' in hand , and the cork is virtually impossible to remove from the screw once one has wrestled it out of the bottle . Need I say more ... do not waste your money !! Very disappointed in a Faberware product !
 This item definitely saves counter space and was inexpensive , but those are the only good things about it . The toaster takes forever to even lightly toast . The coffee maker works fine , but the valve on the filter reservoir broke-off after only a few weeks . Poor quality of the product is a shame because it 's a great idea .
 Cheaply made , not recommended . The top of the coffee maker was crooked , looked cheap , sent it back .
 I have several other silicone spatulas , and this Kitchenaid scraper is , by far , the worst I 've used . Most silicone scrapers are soft and flexible , but this one is very stiff and rigid , so you can not scrape containers out very well at all . Honestly , it does n't even appear to be made of silicone . Cheap grocery store spatulas work much better than this one . Very disappointing .
 I have this scraper and after just a few uses , it fell apart at the connection in the center . Normally , I rave about KitchenAid , but this product was truly a disappointment .
 I have had this rug for about a month now and I am regretting that I ever purchased it . I purchased this rug becuase I have a 10 month old baby that just started crawling . I needed a rug to cover my hardwood floors . The ONE positive thing that I can say about this rug is that it is soft . However , there more faults to it than positive . First of all , I definately suggest buying a thick rug pad to go underneath since this rug is very thin . It is like a thick towel . When I first opened it up , I was extremely upset becuase it is a Burgundy rug and there was plenty of the white weavings visible within the rug . This makes the rug look cheap and DIRTY ! . Whenever I vacuum it I notice more of the white weavings showing up . I am afraid that after a year there will be no rug left ! This rug also sheds TREMEDOUSLY !!! If you sit on it bits and pieces of it get on your clothes and by walking on it you transfer the little pieces of rug throughout the house . So be prepared to have rug pieces all over the place . This rug was definately NOT WORTH the $ 200.00 I paid for it !!
 I purchased three rugs . All are chocolate , and pretty close to the color I was expecting . I bought two long runners for my halls , which are the perfect length , and one area rug for my living room . Initially , I was fairly pleased.I read the reviews before purchasing these rugs , and between the reviews and the price , I was n't expecting an amazing product . I was anticipating some shedding . It did shed -LRB- a LOT -RRB- . The care instructions also stated that the rug may shed during the first few washes . After seeing how much fuzz was ending up in other parts of my house , I decided to wash them according to the manufacturer 's care instructions to help along the shedding process . What I did n't anticipate was the un-even fading during the first wash along with shedding so severe , that I now have bald spots on my two week old rugs . What is n't bald now looks matted , stringy , and ugly . What a waste !! If I 'd been smart enough to keep my packing slip , I would send them back right away . Without that , I 'm thinking of throwing them in the garbage .
 You can not find replacement cartridges for this product at all . Do not buy ! Just throw your money out the window instead .
 Since 1/07 purchase this unit frequently shut down during 3 minute microwave use . The top of the machine gets extremely hot perhaps 180-200 degrees . I requested service online and even though I live in central overpopulated NJ I was directed to a 40 minute away pot luck TV service center across state lines in PA. . Do yourself a favor and stay away from large Home Rem . chains who do not accept their garbage appliances back .
 I ordered four of these barstools , it took us about two hours each to assemble , they are very wobbley very unstable , we had the stools less than a week when we dicided to return them but the company refused to take them back because we had already assembled them , I hadto file a disbute with our credit card company . # 1 . DONT BUY THIS PRODUCT # 2 . DONT DO BUSINESS WITH THIS COMPANY ...
 At first i thought the stools were good but then the leg screws kept coming loose and continually have to be tightened , i guess some lock tight might solve that problem , but now the leather on the back rest has come loose from the wood and i see no way to fix that , i have 2 stools and it happen to both of them and the usage has been light , i contacted Athomemart but all they are willing to do is sell me new back rests
 Description indicates they are leather ... more like leather color , it is vinyl . Color indicates dark expresso yet arrives medium to medium light . I should have purchased somehting local ...
 Please do n't assume that the description `` stools '' indicates that there is more then 1 stool , , , , , , rest assured it 's just one stool
 I ordered the barstools thinking they would be perfect for my counter ; however , I could hardly get up in the chairs because they were so tall . They are charging me a 20 % restocking fee ! I bought 3 of these chairs , so you can do the math . I think it is completely ridiculous that they charge 20 % . It is hard to judge something by a picture . Will definitely NEVER buy from this company again . RUDE !
 These stools look great but the screws do not stay tight . After repeated tightening and finally a cracked leg occurring while sitting on one , I bought `` L '' brackets and secured the legs to the foot rest/seat support . It has worked well , but not sure what to do about the arms that are now coming loose . The price of the stool is great but after the cost of the brass brackets -LRB- ca n't put ugly , cheap brackets on beautiful stools -RRB- , I could have bought more expensive stools that do n't fall apart .
 The chairs look good However it had a big Crack on the back side.I have assembled it and now dont know what to do.I would suggest not to buy Furniture from amazon .
 Did they really have to put modern wind turbines ona product like this ? SHAME ! I bought this to keepmy wife 's collection going ... not sure if she will actuallydisplay it .
 This is sturdy , strong , quality flatware with a serious flaw
 I read the reviews on this product before I decided to purchase it from Amazon even though some of the reviewers stated they did n't think the stainless was 18/10 as is stated on Amazon 's site . It arrived yesterday and upon examination there were , as another reviewer said , no markings stating it was 18/10 either stamped on the flatware it 's self or on the packaging . I decided to send an email to Reed and Barton to see if they could shed some light on this discrepancy , and since I also own a another set of their flatware called Hammered stamped with 18/8 I asked about that also . Here 's their reply : Hello , the Crescendo II is not 18/10 . It is 18/chrome -LRB- 0 -RRB- . If the hammered pattern is stamped 18/8 that is what it is . All of our patterns used to be 18/8 then we went to 18/10 now most of our patterns sold in sets are 18/chrome -LRB- 0 -RRB- . Joyce WoloskiReed and Barton Consumer Services800-822-1824 X306I intend to email Amazon with this information and return the Crescendo II set I purchased from them . The Hammered set I own that is 18/8 has held up very well -LRB- 8 years -RRB- with no pitting or staining , but then I only use it for special occasions and hand wash it afterward . It 's a beautiful set .
 This is my favorite pattern - I like it even better than R&B 's Peyton and Forum patterns , but FOR SURE it is not 18/10 , as it showed rust spots after only a single washing . Looks like a lot of silver companies are going to 18/0 composition - I guess they think they can pass this crap off on people . Personally , I hope they are wrong - I returned mine .
 I have had my set for 3 months now and there is alot of rust on the tines of the forks and on the knives . Great price but I regret my purchase .
 I purchased this set as a gift and both myself and the receiver were pleased with it . It came packaged very nicely and the caddy was nice , a little large for a typical drawer however . My only concern is that none of the pieces were marked as being 18/10 which is one of the main reasons I purchased this set . I have a Reed & Barton 18/10 set myself and every piece has that clearly marked on the back of it . There was nothing on the box either to indicate that it was in fact 18/10 . So I do n't know if this was a misrepresentation of the product or if all of their 18/10 is simply not marked -LRB- which I seriously doubt -RRB- . This is the reason I only gave it 2 stars because I feel that they have the discription wrong on this one and I did not get the higher quality set I thought I was ordering .
 I sent this flatware back because it was pricey and not as heavy as I would have liked . Good for everyday , but I was n't looking for everyday flatware .
 Just like some others here , I have to buy one as a replacement for the one that came with the weatherstation package . It lasted about 3 years and was protected from elements -LRB- mounted under open deck -RRB- . It still shows the temperature correct , but the humidity shows about 30 % too low -LRB- shows 18 % , should be 46 % -RRB- . Not sure if I would recommend or buy Oregon Scientific products again , but at least mine made it 3 years and was pretty accurate during that time .
 I unfortunately had to buy this unit as a replacement for the one that came with my Oregon Scientific weather station . I find that the temperature is not very accurate when it is in the sun . When the unit is in the sun , the temperature reading can be up to 5 degrees off in the summer . But , it works well in the winter . Too bad I had to buy this one as a replacement for the original that lasted < 3 years .
 I had the same experience as some other reviewers . The sensor only last two years at most . First the rechargeable battery died , because it is custom made I could n't replace it , not even the manufacturer sells it retail . I could still use it by replacing the back up standard batteries but that negates the advantages of the solar power.Then the moisture sensor functionally died . I can still get a `` number '' but it is well below the real value . This malfunction also happened to other Oregon Scientific outdoor moisture sensor that I had , but at least that one was cheaper . Also dew point readings were not available for values below 30 F or so even when new.I will buy another one at a discount because the rest of the station works just fine but if you are going to spend money on a new station you may consider similarly price ones from other manufacturer .
 As with the other reviewer I will have to buy an entire new unit . Bought the WMR968 John Deere weather station Christmas 2006 and temperature sensor stopped working recently . I could n't find a replacement for the Nimh battery pack so was forced to buy another one . I guess this is how they stay in business . I ca n't afford to purchase another weather station . I would n't purchase a Oregon Scientific brand again .
 Santa brought me this for Christmas . I wish he 'd included bandages in my stocking . The handle design is seriously flawed and as I pulled out the first batch of sauerkraut balls , it snapped , causing the hot basket to fall onto my hand . OUCH . It was unusable after the first batch . Then , due to the design , I had all of the cooking oil that I had to get out somehow so I could clean up the mess and return it . I used a turkey baster and took care of it that way . All-metal construction in the handle as well as a removable liner would improve the design .
 We brought this fryer home put some oil in it and kaplooy it quit working . It did n't even work for 30 seconds .
 This product did not satisfy my needs . It took a long time to heat up , and the kitchen smelled like fried foods . I used the ventilation fan above the stove , but it took many hours for the oil to cool down , so the smell lingered many hours as well . For the money , there is a better product out there , and I found it !
 I have had this rug for about a month now and I am regretting that I ever purchased it . I purchased this rug becuase I have a 10 month old baby that just started crawling . I needed a rug to cover my hardwood floors . The ONE positive thing that I can say about this rug is that it is soft . However , there more faults to it than positive . First of all , I definately suggest buying a thick rug pad to go underneath since this rug is very thin . It is like a thick towel . When I first opened it up , I was extremely upset becuase it is a Burgundy rug and there was plenty of the white weavings visible within the rug . This makes the rug look cheap and DIRTY ! . Whenever I vacuum it I notice more of the white weavings showing up . I am afraid that after a year there will be no rug left ! This rug also sheds TREMEDOUSLY !!! If you sit on it bits and pieces of it get on your clothes and by walking on it you transfer the little pieces of rug throughout the house . So be prepared to have rug pieces all over the place . This rug was definately NOT WORTH the $ 200.00 I paid for it !!
 I purchased three rugs . All are chocolate , and pretty close to the color I was expecting . I bought two long runners for my halls , which are the perfect length , and one area rug for my living room . Initially , I was fairly pleased.I read the reviews before purchasing these rugs , and between the reviews and the price , I was n't expecting an amazing product . I was anticipating some shedding . It did shed -LRB- a LOT -RRB- . The care instructions also stated that the rug may shed during the first few washes . After seeing how much fuzz was ending up in other parts of my house , I decided to wash them according to the manufacturer 's care instructions to help along the shedding process . What I did n't anticipate was the un-even fading during the first wash along with shedding so severe , that I now have bald spots on my two week old rugs . What is n't bald now looks matted , stringy , and ugly . What a waste !! If I 'd been smart enough to keep my packing slip , I would send them back right away . Without that , I 'm thinking of throwing them in the garbage .
 Purchased this item from another site and had nothing but problems , as the center section regularly fell through the outer ring that it is supposed to lock into . Save your money and get four bricks !
 I could ot get my bed frame to stabalize on these - it kept slipping out of the risers . Basic in theory - but I could not get my frame to work with them.And I so wanted to sleep up high like a princess . Right back to pauper status for me .
 The stilts stick out of the squaring of the bed too much . If you have a bed skirt that does not have 12 '' worth Latin on the floor already these are lame and could be seen .
 I like that these have different height options . However , they took some time to figure out as the directions were n't all that clear . They also tend to slip if you move the bed . Once they slip , they do n't want to stay where they are supposed to be .
 I have had this rug for about a month now and I am regretting that I ever purchased it . I purchased this rug becuase I have a 10 month old baby that just started crawling . I needed a rug to cover my hardwood floors . The ONE positive thing that I can say about this rug is that it is soft . However , there more faults to it than positive . First of all , I definately suggest buying a thick rug pad to go underneath since this rug is very thin . It is like a thick towel . When I first opened it up , I was extremely upset becuase it is a Burgundy rug and there was plenty of the white weavings visible within the rug . This makes the rug look cheap and DIRTY ! . Whenever I vacuum it I notice more of the white weavings showing up . I am afraid that after a year there will be no rug left ! This rug also sheds TREMEDOUSLY !!! If you sit on it bits and pieces of it get on your clothes and by walking on it you transfer the little pieces of rug throughout the house . So be prepared to have rug pieces all over the place . This rug was definately NOT WORTH the $ 200.00 I paid for it !!
 I purchased three rugs . All are chocolate , and pretty close to the color I was expecting . I bought two long runners for my halls , which are the perfect length , and one area rug for my living room . Initially , I was fairly pleased.I read the reviews before purchasing these rugs , and between the reviews and the price , I was n't expecting an amazing product . I was anticipating some shedding . It did shed -LRB- a LOT -RRB- . The care instructions also stated that the rug may shed during the first few washes . After seeing how much fuzz was ending up in other parts of my house , I decided to wash them according to the manufacturer 's care instructions to help along the shedding process . What I did n't anticipate was the un-even fading during the first wash along with shedding so severe , that I now have bald spots on my two week old rugs . What is n't bald now looks matted , stringy , and ugly . What a waste !! If I 'd been smart enough to keep my packing slip , I would send them back right away . Without that , I 'm thinking of throwing them in the garbage .
 I have had this rug for about a month now and I am regretting that I ever purchased it . I purchased this rug becuase I have a 10 month old baby that just started crawling . I needed a rug to cover my hardwood floors . The ONE positive thing that I can say about this rug is that it is soft . However , there more faults to it than positive . First of all , I definately suggest buying a thick rug pad to go underneath since this rug is very thin . It is like a thick towel . When I first opened it up , I was extremely upset becuase it is a Burgundy rug and there was plenty of the white weavings visible within the rug . This makes the rug look cheap and DIRTY ! . Whenever I vacuum it I notice more of the white weavings showing up . I am afraid that after a year there will be no rug left ! This rug also sheds TREMEDOUSLY !!! If you sit on it bits and pieces of it get on your clothes and by walking on it you transfer the little pieces of rug throughout the house . So be prepared to have rug pieces all over the place . This rug was definately NOT WORTH the $ 200.00 I paid for it !!
 I purchased three rugs . All are chocolate , and pretty close to the color I was expecting . I bought two long runners for my halls , which are the perfect length , and one area rug for my living room . Initially , I was fairly pleased.I read the reviews before purchasing these rugs , and between the reviews and the price , I was n't expecting an amazing product . I was anticipating some shedding . It did shed -LRB- a LOT -RRB- . The care instructions also stated that the rug may shed during the first few washes . After seeing how much fuzz was ending up in other parts of my house , I decided to wash them according to the manufacturer 's care instructions to help along the shedding process . What I did n't anticipate was the un-even fading during the first wash along with shedding so severe , that I now have bald spots on my two week old rugs . What is n't bald now looks matted , stringy , and ugly . What a waste !! If I 'd been smart enough to keep my packing slip , I would send them back right away . Without that , I 'm thinking of throwing them in the garbage .
 This set looks beautiful , however the bottom of the carafe fell off while heating sake . It may have been a defective piece so I am reluctant to blame the seller .
 My girlfriend bought this for me for Christmas . It 's really quite a nice looking set , especially because it matches all of my dishes . It worked well the first time I used it . I like my sake hot , so I warmed it the traditional way - preheating it with warm water and placing the container in hot water . I really liked it.The second time I used it , which was no less than three minutes ago , the bottom fell off when placed in hot water . I did n't forget to run it under warm water before putting it in hot water , and I have never dropped it or anything . It 's just very weak . I 'm going to attempt to get my money back .
 Beware . My sake set leaked . I have contacted the seller , but have not heard a single thing back . I assumed that it would be easy to exchange for a set that does n't leak , but apparently I am wrong since I have n't heard a word from them .
 One of the Sake cups was chipped , I would rather have a set that was not chipped . Why would anyone want a chipped Sake cup ?
 Japanese Sake Set / red.black ltrI purchased 2 Saki sets from this seller - The red with black lettering was poorly made - the lettering does not appear . The black with white lettering is not great either , but much better than the red one .
 I have had this rug for about a month now and I am regretting that I ever purchased it . I purchased this rug becuase I have a 10 month old baby that just started crawling . I needed a rug to cover my hardwood floors . The ONE positive thing that I can say about this rug is that it is soft . However , there more faults to it than positive . First of all , I definately suggest buying a thick rug pad to go underneath since this rug is very thin . It is like a thick towel . When I first opened it up , I was extremely upset becuase it is a Burgundy rug and there was plenty of the white weavings visible within the rug . This makes the rug look cheap and DIRTY ! . Whenever I vacuum it I notice more of the white weavings showing up . I am afraid that after a year there will be no rug left ! This rug also sheds TREMEDOUSLY !!! If you sit on it bits and pieces of it get on your clothes and by walking on it you transfer the little pieces of rug throughout the house . So be prepared to have rug pieces all over the place . This rug was definately NOT WORTH the $ 200.00 I paid for it !!
 I purchased three rugs . All are chocolate , and pretty close to the color I was expecting . I bought two long runners for my halls , which are the perfect length , and one area rug for my living room . Initially , I was fairly pleased.I read the reviews before purchasing these rugs , and between the reviews and the price , I was n't expecting an amazing product . I was anticipating some shedding . It did shed -LRB- a LOT -RRB- . The care instructions also stated that the rug may shed during the first few washes . After seeing how much fuzz was ending up in other parts of my house , I decided to wash them according to the manufacturer 's care instructions to help along the shedding process . What I did n't anticipate was the un-even fading during the first wash along with shedding so severe , that I now have bald spots on my two week old rugs . What is n't bald now looks matted , stringy , and ugly . What a waste !! If I 'd been smart enough to keep my packing slip , I would send them back right away . Without that , I 'm thinking of throwing them in the garbage .
 I was impressed with all the pieces , & liked the pots with short handles . But , when washing the lids , the handles on top get full of waterand have to be sat up for water to drain out ... s l o w l e y , before putting them away . Also the metal on the handles has a tendency to get very warm when you 're cooking . But , what do you want for 30 bucks ?
 I love the cookware set . 12 pans to do 12 different meals . They are very durable and holds up well to the heat .
 Purchased the Kyocera Revolution 7 '' ceramic knife because of the general hype about them . I currently use Shun and Wustoff knives that I have had for years . I think my Shun and Wustoff knives are far sharper than the Kyocera . Even when cutting a shallot I find there is more effort used with the ceramic knife than the Shun or the Wustoff . Although it does do a good job with tomatoes and vegetables . Meat and fish are pretty much the same as a metal knife.If I had to choose one knife to do all jobs , . . it would be a non-ceramic knife and I would wash , hone and store immediately.If I could I would return the Kyocera .
 This knife is acceptably sharp and arrived well packaged and in good shape . The directions emphasize its proper use
 The second time we used this knife , it deflected off of an unseen fish bone and chipped . Perhaps we 're just too heavy handed for this type of knife . But because of its fragility , we 'll be sticking with steel from now on .
 I was very disappointed by the performance of this knife . Moisture , in general , sticks to the blade and produces more friction than that of a metallic knife when you 're cutting into something . This particular model is meant for vegetables and fruits , but my cheapo Ikea 365 has a much smoother cut.The blade is also easily damaged . For example , you ca n't wash this in the dishwasher or apply blunt force to the edge -LRB- ex
 SUPER THIN KNIFE + cheap plastic handle BEWARE !!!! , so now I understand why this knife is so fragile and not durable -LRB- as other stated -RRB- . PRoduct description should include thickness size , I mean if they know that . it is common sense that if you have very thin ceramic its going to break easily compare to if you have thicker and denser one . ceramic is suspectible to breaking compare to steel . AGAIN , I caution to buy this thing , you have to be super extra careful with this paper sheet knife . you screw up once , bang . I dont care if it has warranty , I still need to pay shipping and handling . in my situation , it does not even apply , since I gave it to my mom outside United States . my complain is to make the ceramic knife thicker on the non cutting side , and thinner on the cutting edge . period no excuse for making such a poor product with poor handle that is slippery when it is oily . EVen my cheap steel knife has better quality handle GEEZ !! again I am not reviewing for cutting sharpness , only quality of the construction !
 I 'm kind of reluctant to write this review . Particularly since a professional chef seems to favor this knife in a previous review but I have a particular issue with this knife that I feel I have to point out for others . I like the quality of the knife . It feels very nice in the hand , very well balanced though obviously feels a bit fragile since it 's made out of ceramic . I have no issues with the quality or the fragility of the knife.The issue I have is that the sharpness of the blade is not all that impressive to me . My favorite steel for blades is VG-10 , which I think is the best all around steel since it is very easy to sharpen and also holds an edge for a decent amount of time . I have a few knives made out of VG-10 . I tested this knife out after using a VG-10 kitchen knife for a long period of time time and I have to say that for the cost , the sharpness just is n't all that impressive to me with this ceramic blade . I sharpen my own knives from home and while I 'm not an expert by any means , I 've been able to achieve the same sharpness just using some Arkansas sharpening stones . This is as sharp as the knife gets obviously so as it dulls down it will be even less impressive to me.My test consisted of cutting celery and basically the knife made fairly clean cuts but they were n't smooth . I 'm not getting hair splitting sharpness or a razors edge cut . I expected the knife to be much sharper than this so I ca n't say it was worth the price to me .
 I would have been one to rate this unit with 4 or 5 stars after the first few months of use . However , after month 3 my unit is in the trash and I am in the market for another coffee maker.I completely agree with the review `` COULD BE BETTER '' on August 15 , 2005 by MDFinny -LRB- Chicago , IL -RRB- . I would add ... The coffee reservoir does not have a water-tight seal at multiple points , not just the gasket-protected spout . The entire bottom is made of two tightly fit plastic pieces . It seems that over time the pieces warped -LRB- maybe due to heat ? -RRB- and created a leaky seal . I proved that the leak was there and not at the spout or burner insert . There is no sound way to fix the reservoir once this happens.Also , the spout is made of very fragile plastic . Be careful cleaning it . Mine broke in two spots during the investigation of the leak I just described . I was able to superglue it back together but for the major leak there was no fixing the reservoir.I would say that if Hamilton Beach resdesigned the reservoir to overcome the objections we have mentioned here then this would be a nice product .
 I own this coffeemaker and initially I was very happy with the design . I love the lack of caraffe and unsightly burner plate . However , within 5 months of purchase the unit began a slow leak at the spigot valve which progressed to a major leak rendering the unit unuseable . The two included extra valve seals should be a red flag to consumers of this product indicating that Hamilton Beach knows about the problem and it 's serious enough to justify including extra seals with the product . By the way , replacing the leaking seal in my unit with a new seal did not fix the problem . In fact it became worse . Hamilton Beach is sending me a new tank which I 'm still waiting on . I anticipate that this one , if it is the same design , will also eventually leak . By that time , it will be out of warranty and no longer a problem for the manufacturer .
 It does a nice job cleaning the air , but it is incredibly noisy!If you can stand the noise the machine generates , then it is ok , but if you are sensitive to annoying , vibrating type noises coming from the purifier , then think about a different product .
 After reading the reviews I had high hopes for this purifier . Unfortunately after using a few nights in a small bedroom , my LO woke up abruptly with coughing & I awoke with headaches . Perhaps we are too senstive to the ozone production , I 'm not sure . I 've decided to return it & not gamble with uncertainty .
 just a few thoughts about this air purifier - it 's not a bad air purifier , it just does n't live up to the promises the manufacturer gives - it says it on the box - for rooms up to 500 sq.feet , well i bought it for my living room which is aprox . 400 sq feet - it was a total waste of time and hopes . then i moved it to the bedroom - about 200 sq ft. - hmmmmmm after 3 days of non stop running on the highest setting i noticed a slight difference in the quality of the air . Then i opened the cover and there was some dust on the filter , meaning - it was doing something but , well not quite good or at least not quite as advertised.I 'm giving this product 2 stars because it 's relatively cheap and in my smallest bedroom - about 120 sq.ft it did a good job.In conclusion - very underpowered product and NOT suitable for large rooms . the UV light is a good addition and the ozone function is nice as well and hopefully will do there job but this is not an air purifier for 500 sq.ft as advertised . not even close ... i recently purchased another air purifier - Winix 5300 and that is a whole different story - check my review on that one if you wish.it costs 20 bucks more but boy oh boy does it worth it !
 I spent a lot of time looking at air purifiers and this one looked SO good . . It had so many different types of cleaning methods . . I wanted it to use in the bedroom , for allergies.We read the manual and set it up as instructed . . After we plugged the unit in -- there was a horrible chemical smell ... We turned it down on low speed , and left it on low in our bedroom all night.When we awakened we had severe nasal congestion , headache and sore throat . . Of course we turned the machine Off immediately . Our symptoms gradually disappeared . . Sent it back to Amazon for a refund -- I think this machine would be hazardous toyour health !!!!
 Not happy at all ... I have a $ 50 Hamilton beach tru air and that thing is great . . It cleans my 12 x 12 room with ease but this surround air ca n't even clean a 10x10 room . It is very quiet but the motor is weak even on the highest setting . I wish I saved the box so I could return it but that 's my own fault . I know this had some mixed reviews but most were positive so I figured the it had all these other gadgets built into it like uv hepa filt which is a very big filter so on paper and by the specs I figured it would be as good if not better then my Hamilton beach but boy was I wrong . My landlord has 2 cats and there liter box is on the same floor as me . It was so bad it would seep into my bedroom which is why I bought the first air purifier and that one cleared up my room the first day and I do n't smell it at all but the surround air which is in the hall way closer to the smell did n't change the smell at all . I feel I 'm going to have to switch the two and and put this one in my room in hopes that it will help a little but I fear the worst . I 've heard that surround air offers a guarantee in which I will be calling them to take this piece of crap back . All I can say is do n't waste your money on this one buy the Hamilton for have the price and twice the performance
 While using this product on high settings it had a difficult time holding up a piece of paper . However this is n't what it 's design for so I wo n't lower the rating based solely on that aspect . I did use this product in a 1 bedroom apartment on medium settings for 6 months and notice very little differences if any . Maybe my apartment is just very clean but there was no signs of dirt , dust , anything on the filter of this product .
 I had this item a little over a year when the fan motor stopped working . I doubt I have 50 hours on the unit , as I only turn it on as needed.It worked well when it worked , but I would look elsewhere for an air purifier . Maybe go with a namebrand .
 I purchased the Surround Air Multi-Tech XJ-3000C air purifier for every room in my home and I should have only ordered one item at once to see how they worked first ! I can not tell any difference in air quality and the machine is really loud !!! We have had no change in allergies either . I would have spend twice as much to have a better purifier .
 The light bulb is supposed to be UV but appeared to be a regular light . It exhibited no UV qualities . So we sent it back .
 It did work for cleaning the air in a small bedroom at the begining ; but the lifespan of this product is so short . Only used for few weeks , the fan or some other parts started giving big noise ! We also bought the extra UV-bulb and the filter at the same time , and now we feel we should n't buy them too ! Do n't know what we should do with this thing now . Will not buy again !
 I brought them as a wedding gift , and they are beautiful , i have some John Rocha waterford flutes myself so thought they would be a great gift , they are stunning to look at , but they are not crystal , there is no weight in them at all , and felt dissapointed that were not to the usual waterford quality , mext time i will spend the extra and get some john rocha ones
 I have an older version of this hand held game but the buttons are starting to wear out from usage so I ordered this one . It 's much smaller than the one I have and the buttons are extremely hard to push . Forget about speed with this one .
 After wearing out our previous Milton Bradley hand-held electronic Boggle game a couple of years ago , I was happy to find this `` credit card '' version . I gave it to my husband for Christmas , but he lets me use it.Unfortunately , it became apparent within a week that the quality of the device is questionable in a couple of ways . The first problem is that the game gets `` locked up '' on a regular basis and needs to be reset using the small button on the back.The second problem , though , is why I plan to send this `` credit card '' Boggle back to the manufacturer for a refund . It seems the device has a predetermined set of `` game rounds . '' After the first reset , I came across a round I 'd played previously ... then the next one was a repeat ... and then the next one - in the SAME order I 'd played them before . Weird . Either our old Milton Bradley device had a huge number of randomly assigned rounds , or it randomly assigned letters and contained a dictionary for word checking . I tend to think the latter.Repeating rounds is a HUGE problem to me . I have little desire to replay the same letter arrangement , especially when the device must be reset frequently and the list of rounds starts over again .
 Cadet # 67507 2000W Wall Fan HeaterPlenty of heat , wish the forced air fan was bigger . If I were to buy one again I think I would have gone with the next size bigger from Cadet . I have one in my family room and love it , this one just does n't blow the hot air . I worry about it over-heating .
 NEVER order from this company Kathy & Dennys THREE TIMES I gave them the right address THREE TIMES they mailed it to the wrong one . NOT even the right state . As far as heater goes who knows never got it ...
 I have Cadet wall heaters in my apartment . One of these 2000 watt units in the living room , two 1000 watt units in the 2 bedrooms.As far as I can tell , the thermostats are useless . Just as an example : I have one of the 1000 watt units turned on in my bedroom right now . The room is 68-69 degrees . If you turn the thermostat all the way down to shut the heater off , and then turn it up until the heater turns on , it turns on at about 62 degrees . If you then turn it down until the heater goes off , it turns off at about 54 degrees.That 's an 8 degree swing . And the setpoints are WAY off from the actual temperature in the room.I do n't understand why I do n't see a lot of complaints on the internet about this kind of heater . I do n't think it 's just Cadet , I think it 's the particular type of thermostat , no matter who the manufacturer . I believe these are what are called `` bimetallic '' thermostats . As far as I can tell they are utterly useless . All they are good for is as an on off switch.At least that is my opinion based on my own experience . If I 'm missing something , someone please point it out to me.Has anyone ever been actually able to control the temperature within a reasonable range with these ? If so please speak up and explain how you were able to do so .
 Although these `` Cranberry '' towels perfectly match the 50 's style American Standard `` Loganberry '' tiles and fixtures , they have failed in three different ways . 1 -RRB- After three washes including one drying with a Bounce cloth in the dryer they continue to retain a high level of lint . It comes off all over me after a shower plus everything else in the wash . 2 -RRB- Although soft to touch , they do n't even dry my short hair . This very same problem was observed by my sister who purchased a neutral color and praised Egyptian cotton for its absorbancy . She is returning hers for lack of absorbancy . 3 -RRB- Both I and my sister noticed that at the third wash the towels were starting to pile and form loose threads . I found myself spending 10 minutes per towel trying to valet them .
 Towels looked great when they arrived . We put them in the washer and dryer before first use and the lint they released was almost overwhelming so we washed them again . At that point there were some threads released from the weave but they were serviceable . At first use the towels barely absorbed water . Moisture remained on the surface of the towel , was cold and further drying felt like you were using a soaked , wet towel to try to dry because of the unabsorbed water . This particular color of towel is n't worth the price even if they were free . In contrast some ginger colored towels from the same source and manufacturer , were better yet not what good towels should be . Never again !
 These towels tore and fell apart within a few months of very light guest use . The quality is extremely poor .
 These towels leave lint everywhere ... Even after washing ... They are Made in India , and are cheap quality ... Since when did Christy 's of England start making their hand towels in India ? The hand towels are still made in England , but these bath towels are some of the worst quality I 've seen : -LRB-
 I was very excited when I ordered these towels , but I must say I 've been disappointed . When I washed them before using them , a LOT of lint came off in both the washer and dryer , and they 're still shedding lint . In addition , they 're neither as soft nor as absorbent as much cheaper towels you can get from Target or Kmart . In contrast , we also got the Eloquence towels , and I have been THRILLED with them - very absorbent , and very soft .
 These are pretty and reasonably soft , but not at all durable . After only a wash or two the edges were already becoming frayed . I have to say I 'm disappointed , especially given the price .
 To call this product highly absorbent is a real stretch . It 's one of those non-absorbent towel that smoothly skims the surface of your wet body but does n't take much water with it .
 We bought a complete set of these for our bathroom several months ago . After several washings they have left a ton of lint in the dryer filter and they STILL are not absorbant . They just do not dry you off . Period . Sure , they feel nice and cushy and they 're very pretty , but they do n't do the job . If I could return them I would , but unfortunately I did not buy them from Amazon .
 These towels are terrible . It says on the web page they are made in England but the tag on the towel says `` made in India '' so it is an outright deception . They are nowhere near the quality as those that used to be made in England that were sold by Linens N Things . BEWARE . You 've been warned .
 I ordered the towels , and when they arrived the color did not match the color on the computer . I returned the towels , following the instructions . I then received the amount to be credited to my charge card , which was much less than it should have been . For a $ 59.99 order , I was only credited $ 22 . Even if the shipping charges were deducted , and the return postage deducted , those charges could not have amounted to $ 37.99 . I have received not satisfaction from Amazon , since there is no one you can contact . I will never place an order with Amazon again , and suggest that noone use this company .
 Although these `` Cranberry '' towels perfectly match the 50 's style American Standard `` Loganberry '' tiles and fixtures , they have failed in three different ways . 1 -RRB- After three washes including one drying with a Bounce cloth in the dryer they continue to retain a high level of lint . It comes off all over me after a shower plus everything else in the wash . 2 -RRB- Although soft to touch , they do n't even dry my short hair . This very same problem was observed by my sister who purchased a neutral color and praised Egyptian cotton for its absorbancy . She is returning hers for lack of absorbancy . 3 -RRB- Both I and my sister noticed that at the third wash the towels were starting to pile and form loose threads . I found myself spending 10 minutes per towel trying to valet them .
 Towels looked great when they arrived . We put them in the washer and dryer before first use and the lint they released was almost overwhelming so we washed them again . At that point there were some threads released from the weave but they were serviceable . At first use the towels barely absorbed water . Moisture remained on the surface of the towel , was cold and further drying felt like you were using a soaked , wet towel to try to dry because of the unabsorbed water . This particular color of towel is n't worth the price even if they were free . In contrast some ginger colored towels from the same source and manufacturer , were better yet not what good towels should be . Never again !
 These towels tore and fell apart within a few months of very light guest use . The quality is extremely poor .
 These towels leave lint everywhere ... Even after washing ... They are Made in India , and are cheap quality ... Since when did Christy 's of England start making their hand towels in India ? The hand towels are still made in England , but these bath towels are some of the worst quality I 've seen : -LRB-
 I was very excited when I ordered these towels , but I must say I 've been disappointed . When I washed them before using them , a LOT of lint came off in both the washer and dryer , and they 're still shedding lint . In addition , they 're neither as soft nor as absorbent as much cheaper towels you can get from Target or Kmart . In contrast , we also got the Eloquence towels , and I have been THRILLED with them - very absorbent , and very soft .
 These are pretty and reasonably soft , but not at all durable . After only a wash or two the edges were already becoming frayed . I have to say I 'm disappointed , especially given the price .
 To call this product highly absorbent is a real stretch . It 's one of those non-absorbent towel that smoothly skims the surface of your wet body but does n't take much water with it .
 We bought a complete set of these for our bathroom several months ago . After several washings they have left a ton of lint in the dryer filter and they STILL are not absorbant . They just do not dry you off . Period . Sure , they feel nice and cushy and they 're very pretty , but they do n't do the job . If I could return them I would , but unfortunately I did not buy them from Amazon .
 These towels are terrible . It says on the web page they are made in England but the tag on the towel says `` made in India '' so it is an outright deception . They are nowhere near the quality as those that used to be made in England that were sold by Linens N Things . BEWARE . You 've been warned .
 I ordered the towels , and when they arrived the color did not match the color on the computer . I returned the towels , following the instructions . I then received the amount to be credited to my charge card , which was much less than it should have been . For a $ 59.99 order , I was only credited $ 22 . Even if the shipping charges were deducted , and the return postage deducted , those charges could not have amounted to $ 37.99 . I have received not satisfaction from Amazon , since there is no one you can contact . I will never place an order with Amazon again , and suggest that noone use this company .
 I purchased this mattress to go with our new bunk beds . The beds turned out better than expected but this piece of foam sold to me as a mattress was ridiculous ! Not only is it not safe for a child to sleep on them , it it unacceptable that this could be marketed through Amazon !! Dont let the picture fool you , it is 2 inches in thickness and too short/small for a bunk bed . Shame on both of you -LRB- Amazon and YDF -RRB- !!
 I RECEIVED THIS MATTRESS ROLLED TIGHTLY IN A BOX , ONCE I TOOK IT OUT OF THE BOX IT EXPANDED WITH AIR . SADLY , THE MATTRESS WAS NOTHING LIKE WHAT IS PICTURED HERE , AND WAS COMPLETELY UNEVEN . I MADE SEVERAL ATTEMPTS TO CONTACT THE SELLER , AND THEY ARE VERY SLOW AT MAKE ANY ATTEMPT TO RESOLVE THIS MATTER .
 The mattress does not have any bounce to it , not at all what I was expecting for the price . I wish there was a sale so I could have purchased a better mattress , not happy at all .
 I am an otr driver . I just had one of these put in my truck , and I 'm hating it more each day !!! It is not the size , or thickness they say it will be ! You lay on it and it drops strait down . If you want to sleep DO NOT BUY THIS !!
 I was actually going to purchase this product framed , but then I saw the option to buy it unframed and wondered what it would cost to buy a frame seperately . To my surprise , it is significantly less expensive to buy the poster unframed and to purchase a frame seperately . And I actually found a seller that sells the unframed poster cheaper as well . I spent around $ 25 buying the frame and poster individually .
 Followed directions and washed before first use . Came out of washing machine with TWO cuts in bottom sheet making it useless . A waste of money .
 I was very disappointed when I bought a set of these sheets for my husband last christmas . We put them on the bed , and I did n't sleep comfortably the whole time they were on . They were very itchy against my skin , and I hoped washing them would remedy the problem , but no such luck . We put them back on the bed , and again , I slept terribly . We have n't used them since . Thank goodness they were on sale , and I only spent $ 12.99 on them !
 I was hoping the complainers were employees of another sheet company , but after opening a package of these sheets I must agree with them.Yes , they wrinkle badly , but then they are cotton , so I could live with that . More important , they are extremely short and feel flimsy . My mattress is not thick , so I could get the bottom sheet around , but the top sheet is probably close to a foot shorter than a normal sheet -LRB- measured it -- top sheet is 90 '' long , and normally should be 102-108 '' -RRB- . I 've looked around in the product description and can find no dimensions listed that might have clued us in.Giving this product a `` list price '' of $ 60 , or even the Amazon price of $ 30 , seems ridiculous . I bought them cheap , and still feel they were overpriced because they do n't get used .
 These are one of the worst sheets I have ever owned . Your typical K-Mart Wal-Mart variety is better ! 1 -RRB- they wrinkle like crazy !!!!! 2 -RRB- none of the sheets match in color
 I got these on a cheap deal and was pretty excited to find such inexpensive sheets in a King size , here in California where the stores only sell `` California King '' sized sheets . However , after laundering them as directed , they came out very wrinkled , but more importantly , they are very scratchy to the skin . We tried sleeping on them last night , but I 'm not thrilled . Perhaps after repeated washing and the addition of some fabric softener this may improve .
 Got my sheets yesterday , threw them in the washer last night -LRB- with Regular Tide -RRB- , and this morning as I hung them out on the line , I saw several places where the bolt of fabric had not been dyed correctly , leaving large white spots in this ecru set . Still wondering whether it 's worth the aggravation to send them back or not for the price , but they WERE NOT advertised as seconds . I 've bought several sheets over the years that WERE advertised as seconds that were in better shape than these . They are soft , however , I 'll give you that .
 These sheets are a great value but in this case , you get what you pay for . If what you need is the cheapest sheets available , these are fine . But if you like smooth , soft sheets you will probably not be happy with these . They almost feel like really cheap flannel . I would not buy these again and will hardly use them .
 The sheets are comfortable but wrinkle easy . The top sheet is way to short for a queen bed .
 The unit worked well to start . After 2 or 3 weeks we had a few instances where it would n't turn on right away - we changed outlets and it still did n't come on . Then it came back to life , so we did n't think much of it . After 4 weeks , it would come on for a minute , and then power would shut off . It would not come back on for at least a few hours . Then it would cut right back off again . There is only a 30 day return policy from manufacturer -LRB- convenient , right !? -RRB- . So , now they tell me I can send it to them in CA for repair . I have to pay shipping to CA , but they will repair and ship back for free . OK - by the time I package this thing up and ship it to CA it will come close to or exceed the purchase price . NOT a good deal . Amazon 's return policy is only 30 days as well , so again , it is not worth shipping it to KY for partial credit . Throwing this piece of junk in the garbage ! What a waste .
 The first time I bought this product it only worked one night . I figured I had just purchased a lemon , so I exchanged it through Amazon . My second one worked for a few weeks then stopped working . Can not get it to work anymore .
 It stopped working the same week I received it . It was probably just a dud , but Amazon was awesome in taking it back !!
 It works fine for only 20 minutes , and then I have to shake the unit to work again all night long.I figued out water in the container did n't drop to the working place -LRB- making mist -RRB- properly . Plenty of water is in the container , but there is not enough water in the mist making part after 20 min later.After inserting thick paper between the water tank and the main electric part , it works now.I will drill the unit to make a hole for airflow.What a fun machine !
 Length :
 It worked the first day it arrived . It lasted for only one night before it was completely dead . Do n't know why but it 's just dead . No steam out . Plus , it 's too noisy for me as an ultrasonic unit . Compared to the one -LRB- another brand -RRB- I got lately , it 's indeed loud . I had to return it and Amazon was just excellent at that .
 Way too noisy to use in a bedroom in my opinion . And the instructions are poor
 broken the first time i got it . when i returned it and got another , the water vapor goes towards the floor .
 So first what 's good
 i bought this product in late January and used it for two weeks when it was pretty dry in my room . it seemed fine , quite and nice . then the weather was nice , i did n't need it until April . When i tried to use it again , it stopped working . i do n't know what the problem is , it is just would n't turn on.i contacted amazon , but it can not be returned with full refund anymore . Do n't buy it .
 I picked the SPT humidifier over a Crane because it was on sale at the time . After using the SPT for two weeks , I returned it for a Crane unit . The SPT 's power indicator went out in one week , not a good sign of quality . Also , the plastics used on the SPT are very thin , I feel like I can break parts off with just a little bit of force . Lastly , the SPT unit was nosier than the Crane unit I have now . Although neither unit 's noise were loud enough to bother me .
 Left my floors soaked , even on the lowest setting . Even books 3 feet behind it were left moist . It was quite and cute . Just too powerful
 Wow , this did not last two days . The penguin worked fine for one night . The next night , I noticed absolutely no mister coming out . I investigated and it looks like the fan that propels the mist up the center column failed after one use . What a disappointment .
 We have had this penguin for 2 years and he has only decided to work when he felt like it . Sometimes he just wo n't go on ... and the mist from him is minimal at best . We have not noticed any difference in room and my husband continues to get nose bleeds . The penguin has now stopped working entirely and he has been banished to the cellar .
 I bought two and the first one has a vibration when running making to much noise to use ... the second one fine so far
 Wont even turn on after 6 weeks . By then it was too late to ask them for a replacement . I tried many harrowing hours taking it apart and trying to see if something 's loose in the power circuit . Do not buy this junk . Buy an expensive good quality one and sell it off when you dont need it .
 The humidifier sent to us does n't work at all . When we plug it in ... nothing . When I finally had a chance to call the company , I was told they could n't help me because the warranty had expired . I was n't even looking for a refund , just a replacement ! What I got was nothing . So beware ... humidifier = junk . Sunpentown customer service = useless !
 I do n't usually bother writing reviews , but this this was garbage . It looks like a penguin , and that is cool , but it stopped working after a week . I figured the hassle of sending it back was n't worth it , so it went in the trash .
 Do not buy this humidifier unless you want your baby or child 's room to smell like chemicals . I did everything to clean , air out , etc. this humidifier and the smell remains . I would like to return it , but the time and effort invested vs. the lesser refund I will receive due to shipping is n't worth it . Save your money and invest in an alternative humidifier . I do n't have one to recommend at this time , but if I find one that works well , I will update my review .
 Unlike many ultrasonic humidifiers , which make no noise except for an occasional gurgle every couple minutes , this unit makes * constant * dripping/bubbling sounds . Constant as in every half-second or so , yet erratic enough to be annoying for sleeping . Loud enough I can hear it from the other room , in fact .
 I bought it for my daughter 's room -LRB- she has eczema and asthma -RRB- . She loved it because it was cute but thats the only plus.It leaves a white residue which has to be scraped off , doent even go after washing.The mist doesnt raise the room 's humidity at all -LRB- Why 's it a ` HUMIDIFIER ' then ??? -RRB- It wets everything around it although I keep it on a big plastic mat.Stopped using it after a while because Im afraid it might aggravate her asthma .
 PLESSE do not buy this item . the chances of it working are slim . we tried two and are not even going to send the second one back ... it is in the garbage .
 First one was DOA . Returned and got another - again DOA . Do not buy . Will be returning and trying another brand .
 These sheets are a great value but in this case , you get what you pay for . If what you need is the cheapest sheets available , these are fine . But if you like smooth , soft sheets you will probably not be happy with these . They almost feel like really cheap flannel . I would not buy these again and will hardly use them .
 The sheets are comfortable but wrinkle easy . The top sheet is way to short for a queen bed .
 Followed directions and washed before first use . Came out of washing machine with TWO cuts in bottom sheet making it useless . A waste of money .
 I was very disappointed when I bought a set of these sheets for my husband last christmas . We put them on the bed , and I did n't sleep comfortably the whole time they were on . They were very itchy against my skin , and I hoped washing them would remedy the problem , but no such luck . We put them back on the bed , and again , I slept terribly . We have n't used them since . Thank goodness they were on sale , and I only spent $ 12.99 on them !
 I was hoping the complainers were employees of another sheet company , but after opening a package of these sheets I must agree with them.Yes , they wrinkle badly , but then they are cotton , so I could live with that . More important , they are extremely short and feel flimsy . My mattress is not thick , so I could get the bottom sheet around , but the top sheet is probably close to a foot shorter than a normal sheet -LRB- measured it -- top sheet is 90 '' long , and normally should be 102-108 '' -RRB- . I 've looked around in the product description and can find no dimensions listed that might have clued us in.Giving this product a `` list price '' of $ 60 , or even the Amazon price of $ 30 , seems ridiculous . I bought them cheap , and still feel they were overpriced because they do n't get used .
 These are one of the worst sheets I have ever owned . Your typical K-Mart Wal-Mart variety is better ! 1 -RRB- they wrinkle like crazy !!!!! 2 -RRB- none of the sheets match in color
 I got these on a cheap deal and was pretty excited to find such inexpensive sheets in a King size , here in California where the stores only sell `` California King '' sized sheets . However , after laundering them as directed , they came out very wrinkled , but more importantly , they are very scratchy to the skin . We tried sleeping on them last night , but I 'm not thrilled . Perhaps after repeated washing and the addition of some fabric softener this may improve .
 Got my sheets yesterday , threw them in the washer last night -LRB- with Regular Tide -RRB- , and this morning as I hung them out on the line , I saw several places where the bolt of fabric had not been dyed correctly , leaving large white spots in this ecru set . Still wondering whether it 's worth the aggravation to send them back or not for the price , but they WERE NOT advertised as seconds . I 've bought several sheets over the years that WERE advertised as seconds that were in better shape than these . They are soft , however , I 'll give you that .
 After watching the instruction dvd , the only `` safe '' place to use this thing is inside my oven !! That is IF I could get it to funtion like Mr. P. demonstrates ... # 1 The door does not come off because the rod is too big . Any attempt to dislodge will break the plastic unit front . # 2 The rotisserie unit will NOT slide into the oven because the two `` bolts '' holding each side have buckled the walls so you ca n't place it in . # 3 If I could get it in ; the back slot is so close to the heating elements that it will jam whatever you are cooking ... which is why Mr P wants you to `` hogtie '' the verment.I chalk this whole experience up to one I had with `` miracle blades '' years ago ... Buyer beware ; especially with info-commercials .
 Bought this Ronco and it is made very cheap and not well made . Not at all like the first one we owned several years ago . Disappointed .
 I was looking to replace my George Foreman Rotisserie that I wore out . I could not find one at a reasonable price and decided to try this piece of crap . One of the worst mistakes I have made . It is cheaply built , overly complicated to use , usafe and I really ca n't figure out what the rubber gloves are for . Certainly not to handle the parts when they are hot . Overall a real POS . You would do better building a fire in your kitchen sink .
 I sent my ronco back to Discount Jungle because of a crack . I have not recieved a replacement or return of deposit .
 Advertised as &#34; set it and forget it , &#34; but inside it says not to be taken literally . There are too many things in the way of preparation .
 First , let me say , this cooker makes the best darned chicken I have ever had . However , the first time I used mine , numerous BBs appeared in the drip tray . Thought it was a fluke but there they were the second time as well . Small metal balls , that could be lead for all I know . I tried calling the 800 number on the back of the oven , only got voicemail , and no return calls . I tried the customer service email and fax that came with the oven - undeliverable . And I have been trying to get response from Ronco ever since . So , great product if you get one that works , but be advised , if you need support , you 're pretty much out of luck .
 This Rotisserie is actually a decent design , but typical Ronco TV infomercial cheaply made-in-China materials and construction . Very inaccurate timer and I could not read it until I added a dab of heat resistant white porcelin touch-up paint to highlight the pointer . Ronco uses the stickiest non-stick materials I have ever encountered . Rather than use chrome or license more expensive and time proven non-stick technology , Ronco uses a version of black spray paint that does not come clean no matter what you do to it . Tempts you to take a Brillo pad to it , but that would likely expose something even worse . I fear , that the sticky build-up on the spit and basket could eventually become a fire hazard.Also , it smokes a lot , so put it very near your stove hood and turn the fan on . . or use it on your porch or patio.If you put the spit on the spit stand right out of the oven , which Ronco does on his infomercial , the stand will melt.Not worth the aggravation and I expect this review will get deleted PDQ .
 This rotsserie is crap , I have used it twice and after washing the metal rods I noticed that the paint on them was flaking off , I examined the product and bits of paint was inside of it , all the docs that came with it show that the drip pan and drainer are stainless not this one they are painted also and flaking , I do not recommend any one buying this kind of unit , mine went to the dumpster , the manufacturer will not stand behind it and the short warranty Amazon gives wo n't either .
 very poor quality it broke within a few uses . I would not recommend this item to anyone . There is a better one it is called the Rivalchopper
 I generally have pretty good luck in picking just the right thing on Amazon , but this was a notable exception . I bought this to chop walnuts and it absolutely does n't work . I tried chopping carrots for soup - another fail . I even tried onions , since other reviews had mentioned how great it was at making salsa ... mediocre at best . The blades are sharp and I like the design of the handle , but it does n't do the job . I 've already tested it out too much to return it , so I imagine it 's going to the highest cupboard graveyard of useless kitchen implements . I was very disappointed in this product .
 I was disappointed when the main body showed up with a huge crack in it . It was not a result of poor packaging , either .
 Two parts that keep falling off are the thing on side & the white thing on top beside the turner . Drive me nuts finally I took that little thing on side off the chopper . It is also difficult to put in LOCK postion so it stays put so you can chop onions , etc. . It is not made to last - it is a good substitute for a better apparatus . You are constantly removing those SHARP blades in order to wash this chopper . It does do a good job chopping onions , peppers , and prearing egg salad . BUT I 'd never purchase another one if this one has a short life span . Would not recommend anyone to purchase this Chopper .
 By the time I get things cut small enough to put in the chopper , I could have practically done it all with a knife ! . I will never learn , I guess . Best appliance for cutting or chopping is a great knife .
 The art work looks very scratchy and I at first sight I regretted my purchase . The velvet box looks cheap & poorly constructed . Most importantly as long as the urn holds my precious cargo safely , I will be happy . However , if I was n't in a time crunch I would have exchanged it for one of the others I purchased .
 The candles were flat on one side when I received them . I 'm very disappointed in them .
 I do n't normally write reviews but I have to this time because I 'm kind of ticked . They are advertised as 3 '' x 6 '' but they are really 2.75 '' x 5 '' . That plus shipping being $ 13 for 12 -LRB- 2 orders of 6 candles -RRB- moves me to give it a thumbs down . $ 44 total for 12 undersized candles - not worth it .
 When you place it on your bed where it dips , it seems to inflate it just on that spot so instead of rolling into the dip , now you roll away from the hill . LOL . For us , it seemed to be really hard to get to the `` perfect '' inflation where it is level with the bed .
 I was all excited to get this cause I have been having pain in my back every morning from sleepingin the sag of my mattress . This product works when it stays blown up , but I am having toblow it up once a week . : -LRB-
 Bought queen sized mattress remedy to fix a dip I have in the center of my bed . Pumped it up to make the mattress as even as possible , but it just made my bed lumpy . I could feel the ` remedy ' underneath the mattress.Probably ok in a pinch especially if you have a huge dip and are n't that sensitive or use a topper . I was trying to fix a 1.5 '' or so dip and do n't have a topper.The thing smells terrible , if anyone is sensitive to smells . Really strong vinyl/rubber/chemical type smell . Not too bad under the mattress but I was eager to get it out of my room , which I try to keep as chemical-free as possible.Returned it and using a makeshift mattress for now .
 I purchased the full queen Mattress Remedy . Did not have much luck with it on full mattress . After inflation -LRB- minimal -RRB- the heavier person goes down , and the lighter person goes up . Probably need one for each person , or each side of bed .
 I purchased two of these . They are fine while they work , but in a couple of months they developed leaks and would n't hold air , so were worthless.Save your money . --------- J. Lehman
 My back began to give me problems after sleeping on our old mattress . We bought this in an effort to firm up our aging mattress , as it looked new and figured it still had a few good years left in it . The Mattress Remedy arrived quickly , and I followed the instructions , getting it placed and inflated . I inflated while my wife was on the mattress , so she could tell how firm it was getting . Got it to where she was comfortable , and after I got on it , it kinda moved around . We keep feeling like we where going to roll off the bed . If we let some air out to solve that problem , then it was not comfortable anymore . We tried different amounts of air , but could not find that comfort spot we where hoping for . After three nights of trying , I had to return for a refund . I guess maybe it would work under the right circumstances , but we gave up . Gave in and bought a new memory foam mattress -LRB- from Amazon.com also -RRB- and got the best sleep I 've ever had . Would not recommend this product !!
 Got the product - loved it for the first 2 weeks ! I had bought 2 twin sizes , one for each side of our queen bed because there were 2 clear low spots even though the middle of the mattress was high . They worked great , my husband and I slept better than ever!It 's now been 6 weeks - and I hate them ! They do not hold air anymore , I pump them up nightly and in the morning they are flat . I am right back where I started . I think I might go to the hardware store to see if I can get a better valve for the air line as the cheap valve seems to be the problem . If not , then I guess I will have to buy a new mattress .
 Tried this product for our queen size bed . When we pumped it up it raised so much in the middle -LRB- even with a small amount of air -RRB- that it looked like Mr. Rushmore . When we laid on the bed we rolled to the edges and laughed so hard that we could hardly get out ! It made my lower back worse -LRB- we bought this in hopes that it would add support to the lower back which it does not ! -RRB- . The pump came apart before we could even get it pumped up . This product is good for a chuckle but not for a good night 's sleep . Not worth the money . Will be sending it back .
 I bought a twin size to deal with the sag on my side of the bed . It was smaller than the length of the sag , so it created a lump in the middle of the sag.I inflated it to where the height of the lump was the same as the height of the mattress at the head and foot of the mattress , and the remainder of the sag sloped downward from this device . I deflated it to different in-between levels to try to find a compromise position , but there was none . As soon as it got to the point where there was any improvement in the sag , it also created the feeling of a lump in the middle of a sag . I tried moving it up toward the shoulders , letting the butt sag more , and vice-versa . Nothing made it worth keeping . All this was with a futon bed , so there 's still the chance that this device might work better with a sagging inner-spring mattress than with a futon bed . If I had it to do over again , I would have bought the queen size . The twin size is so small ; I ca n't imagine that the twin size would even do much better under an inner-spring mattress .
 I ordered the towel for a present for my husband and was extremely disappointed that the hem came unraveled after the towel 's first washing although it was not in a bag with or washed with anything that had a button , snap , zipper , catch , or anything else that could possibly have snagged it.It was not nearly as soft as I expected for the price either . It was better than what you 'd expect from your standard hotel towel , but it was n't any softer than my towels from the JC Penny Collection.The redeeming quality is that the size is great for larger people and those who simply want to be completely wrapped up in a bath sheet .
 While the traditional bells are beautiful , if you ever have a problem with one , Wallace Silversmiths Customer Service Department is NO HELP ! They clearly stated to me in an e-mail that `` since we are not a direct seller to public and have this item manufactured -LRB- overseas -RRB- , and sold direct to retail , we have NO facilities or pieces -LRB- as manufacturing season is OVER and we have sold out inventory -RRB- available to send . '' They offer no further assistance .
 My issue was the mailing . The posters were bent in half and stuffed in my mailbox !!! Comeon folks ! The company needs to hammer UPS for lousy delivery . One poster was creased and the other was ripped . The posters would have been cool , they were slick glossy prints on heavy paper , but they just could n't handle UPS lack of care in delivery .
 Followed directions and washed before first use . Came out of washing machine with TWO cuts in bottom sheet making it useless . A waste of money .
 I was very disappointed when I bought a set of these sheets for my husband last christmas . We put them on the bed , and I did n't sleep comfortably the whole time they were on . They were very itchy against my skin , and I hoped washing them would remedy the problem , but no such luck . We put them back on the bed , and again , I slept terribly . We have n't used them since . Thank goodness they were on sale , and I only spent $ 12.99 on them !
 I was hoping the complainers were employees of another sheet company , but after opening a package of these sheets I must agree with them.Yes , they wrinkle badly , but then they are cotton , so I could live with that . More important , they are extremely short and feel flimsy . My mattress is not thick , so I could get the bottom sheet around , but the top sheet is probably close to a foot shorter than a normal sheet -LRB- measured it -- top sheet is 90 '' long , and normally should be 102-108 '' -RRB- . I 've looked around in the product description and can find no dimensions listed that might have clued us in.Giving this product a `` list price '' of $ 60 , or even the Amazon price of $ 30 , seems ridiculous . I bought them cheap , and still feel they were overpriced because they do n't get used .
 These are one of the worst sheets I have ever owned . Your typical K-Mart Wal-Mart variety is better ! 1 -RRB- they wrinkle like crazy !!!!! 2 -RRB- none of the sheets match in color
 I got these on a cheap deal and was pretty excited to find such inexpensive sheets in a King size , here in California where the stores only sell `` California King '' sized sheets . However , after laundering them as directed , they came out very wrinkled , but more importantly , they are very scratchy to the skin . We tried sleeping on them last night , but I 'm not thrilled . Perhaps after repeated washing and the addition of some fabric softener this may improve .
 Got my sheets yesterday , threw them in the washer last night -LRB- with Regular Tide -RRB- , and this morning as I hung them out on the line , I saw several places where the bolt of fabric had not been dyed correctly , leaving large white spots in this ecru set . Still wondering whether it 's worth the aggravation to send them back or not for the price , but they WERE NOT advertised as seconds . I 've bought several sheets over the years that WERE advertised as seconds that were in better shape than these . They are soft , however , I 'll give you that .
 These sheets are a great value but in this case , you get what you pay for . If what you need is the cheapest sheets available , these are fine . But if you like smooth , soft sheets you will probably not be happy with these . They almost feel like really cheap flannel . I would not buy these again and will hardly use them .
 The sheets are comfortable but wrinkle easy . The top sheet is way to short for a queen bed .
 You get what you pay for . In my opion the quality of this product is poor . Material is too thin and bends very easily . Requires constant reshaping so it will work . I would suggest spending the extra dollars and hopefully you will have a better product .
 This crusher is made very cheap . After crushing only one bag of cans , the handle detached from the holding pin . I 've used ` cold weld ' material to fix it twice and it broke again . I 'm shopping for a new sturdier one now . I 'd recommend not buying this one .
 I bought this for my closet . But i do n't notice any smell at all , unless i get very close to the bags and try to smell it as hard as i can . when i squeeze the bag , some smell come out but no where enough to make my closet smell like lavender .
 Followed directions and washed before first use . Came out of washing machine with TWO cuts in bottom sheet making it useless . A waste of money .
 I was very disappointed when I bought a set of these sheets for my husband last christmas . We put them on the bed , and I did n't sleep comfortably the whole time they were on . They were very itchy against my skin , and I hoped washing them would remedy the problem , but no such luck . We put them back on the bed , and again , I slept terribly . We have n't used them since . Thank goodness they were on sale , and I only spent $ 12.99 on them !
 I was hoping the complainers were employees of another sheet company , but after opening a package of these sheets I must agree with them.Yes , they wrinkle badly , but then they are cotton , so I could live with that . More important , they are extremely short and feel flimsy . My mattress is not thick , so I could get the bottom sheet around , but the top sheet is probably close to a foot shorter than a normal sheet -LRB- measured it -- top sheet is 90 '' long , and normally should be 102-108 '' -RRB- . I 've looked around in the product description and can find no dimensions listed that might have clued us in.Giving this product a `` list price '' of $ 60 , or even the Amazon price of $ 30 , seems ridiculous . I bought them cheap , and still feel they were overpriced because they do n't get used .
 These are one of the worst sheets I have ever owned . Your typical K-Mart Wal-Mart variety is better ! 1 -RRB- they wrinkle like crazy !!!!! 2 -RRB- none of the sheets match in color
 I got these on a cheap deal and was pretty excited to find such inexpensive sheets in a King size , here in California where the stores only sell `` California King '' sized sheets . However , after laundering them as directed , they came out very wrinkled , but more importantly , they are very scratchy to the skin . We tried sleeping on them last night , but I 'm not thrilled . Perhaps after repeated washing and the addition of some fabric softener this may improve .
 Got my sheets yesterday , threw them in the washer last night -LRB- with Regular Tide -RRB- , and this morning as I hung them out on the line , I saw several places where the bolt of fabric had not been dyed correctly , leaving large white spots in this ecru set . Still wondering whether it 's worth the aggravation to send them back or not for the price , but they WERE NOT advertised as seconds . I 've bought several sheets over the years that WERE advertised as seconds that were in better shape than these . They are soft , however , I 'll give you that .
 These sheets are a great value but in this case , you get what you pay for . If what you need is the cheapest sheets available , these are fine . But if you like smooth , soft sheets you will probably not be happy with these . They almost feel like really cheap flannel . I would not buy these again and will hardly use them .
 The sheets are comfortable but wrinkle easy . The top sheet is way to short for a queen bed .
 The design of this comforter is beautiful and will make any bedroom look great . However , there are problems with quality . The description mentions that the comforter has a rope around the edge of the comforter . This is a problem area . The comforter starts to fray where the comforter meets the rope . I thought this might have been an isolated incident when we exchanged the first comforter but now it is happening to the new comforter as well . This has occurred with both comforters combined in a period of less than six months . This also occurred with one of the pillow shams where the material meets the border trim.My wife and I are very disappointed as we expected a quality product from Veratex . While we love how the comforter set looks , we will be returning it and switching to another brand as the quality problems are unacceptable .
 I bought 5 of these knifes for our workshop , I use X acto knifes all my life , but looking at the many products I have from them , more and more are turning out to be only competitors to the cheap Chinese products . I think they lost their professionalism somewhere along the way , this knife definitely proves that . Looks great , but that 's it . The plastic cap is cheap , too hard and cracks all the time , not to mention that it does n't hold in place on the knife . And the worst part about this knife is that once you use it a few times the silicone part of it gets loose and you have to use pliers to hold the new blade while turning the rear section when replacing the blade because the front silicone part just spins around .
 I use xacto knives almost every day . I thought I 'd buy this more expensive model to treat myself and I was disappointed . the blade is more cumbersome to change and the safety cap does n't stay on . Other than hold the blade these are the only two things the knife does . BTW it holds the blade just fine . I 'm giving this one away and sticking with the inexpensive one .
 I agree with another reviewer here that said the cap falls off . It is poorly designed . It does not `` click '' into place , but relies on friction to stay on . The surface area that the cap grips on the shaft is only about 1/8 '' deep . Even a slight lateral force will tip the cap off of the shaft , exposing the razor sharp blade . This is definitely a safety hazard . In one motion , you could knock the cap off and cut your hand . Do n't ever carry this in your pocket . I was keeping the cap taped on , but eventually I told myself it was n't worth the risk of having this thing around . I threw it away -- and I feel good that I probably saved me or someone else from a nasty cut . Exacto should pull this thing from the market until they redesign the cap -- and they should recall all the units already sold . Do n't waste your money on this expensive version -- get the basic version that has a secure cap .
 We did n't even use it.It turned out to be a replacement for a heater.The discription did not say that.We had to return it at out our cost -LRB- over double the original shipping price -RRB- I am still waiting to hear from the company if we will be stuck for a restocking charge.Bad all the way around
 My old Thermador radiant heater finally broke , so I ordered this faux `` replacement '' , hoping it would radiate some heat like my old one did , but no , my hopes were dashed . The heater uses hidden heating coils and a fan to blow warm air into the room , but I wanted a heater to shine radiated heat on ME and warm ME.More gripes -- because of the frame , the screw heads stick out 1-1/8 '' from the wall and block one of my cabinet drawers . The only purpose of the grill is to give it the outward appearance of the old Thermador heater . Because new heater has a completely different configuration from the old Thermador , the grill is just a disguise.If you 're like me , you do n't want air blowing on you when you step out of the shower , so you should not buy this heater . Warm air or cold , any air feels cold when blowing on your wet skin . Alas , I can not find an exact replacement for my lovable silent broken Thermador radiant heater , so what I 'll do is buy 25 ft. of 18 gauge Nichrome wire and replace the heating elements in my present Thermador with the new wire and throw the Cadet heater in the trash.Delivery time was blessedly short despite the Christmas rush . The heater arrived in perfect condition with reasonably good directions for installing it .
 This pillow is like sleeping on a rock . I gave it to my husband to try and he shared my opinion , this pillow is not in service
 I am returning this pillow after trying it out for about 10 minutes . The curved part of the pillow is OK to sleep on if you ONLY sleep on your side , but if you lay on your back and far enough up on the pillow for neck support , the projecting edges poke you in the shoulders . This is built for someone with 10 '' wide shoulders , or some species with an odd anatomy , perhaps with a hump-back or dorsal fin . Weird . I liked my old Contour Pillow that had straight sides , and without the memory foam . The memory foam on this one is too hard . Just not comfortable all around . I see it 's out of stock now . I would recommend that Amazon leave it that way .
 My husband has a NEARLY identical pillow which has the same shape and the blue foam base but the top layer is foam rubber instead of memory foam . It is by far the best pillow I have ever used -LRB- and I have tried MANY-I run a chiropractic clinic -RRB- . Unsuccessful for years searching for another , I was hopeful for this one . The memory foam is way too firm , so I sliced it off with an electric knife , added 3 - 1 '' foam layers to the blue base and I am close to the perfect pillow . Still searchering for one that will require less modification !
 I bought this pillow as it had very positive reviews . A lot of people said it was superior to other memory foam pillows . Unfortunately , I did not find that to be the case at all . As a petite woman with broad shoulders and a long neck I need a lot of firm support . Not only is this pillow too soft , but it 's also too thin ! Regular memory foam pillows work much better for me . Now , if only I 'd kept the box so I could return this expensive item !!
 I was told by my chiropractor that my neck was not aligned , so I thought I would try this pillow to help support while I slept . I sleep on my side and my back both during the night . The first couple nights I did n't really notice because my back/neck was already in pain , hence looking for a new pillow . Finally after about a week , the pain in my upper back/shoulders/lower neck became unbearable . Last night in the middle of the night , I threw this pillow on the ground and grabbed my old one for the remainder of the night , and when I woke , the pain was less . I 'm visiting the chiropractor again today , bringing the pillow with me to ask his opinion . I ca n't help but think the pillow had something to do with my increased neck/back pain ... just be careful , make sure you choose the right one for your position and shoulder height and all that . Depending on what my chiropractor says , I may be returning this pillow .
 WORST OF ALL THE MANY TYPES OF PILLOW I HAVE TRIED , THREW IT AWAY . BAD DESIGN , ROCK HARD . All-around Bad .
 The fan is very loud makes a humming roaring sound , not a normal fan sound . It woke me up at 4am this morning . I unplugged the fan and put my old one back .
 Mine just died after a few months of use . Kind of fragile and light ... and top-heavy - a bad combination . You get what you pay for I guess . Also , if you are using this in a cold office , you 'll definitely want something bigger . It barely warmed my feet .
 This steamer would be great if the handle to open it was on the top and not the sides . When you open it , the hot steam pours out and burns your hands if you do n't use potholders !! It 's crazy . Extremely poor design - look for a steamer with the handles on the top of the lid in the center so you can easily open it without getting burned .
 Shortly after using this steamer , the little tabs in the steaming basket that hold the bottom tray in place broke off one by one . Then the flavor scenter screen started to deteriorate and rip . Last but not least , the steam basket bottom tray just broke in half in my hands . We have not even had this steamer for 6 months . My husband insists on cooking his quinoa and millet in the rice bowl , but I will not eat anything that has been cooked in plastic as it is carcinogenic . This appliance is a waste of money .
 Having had one of the old style models for probably 12 years , it sadly just quit working . I missed it so much but could only find it on line . When I received this I was very disappointed in how flimsy it is and the redesign which made things a little more difficult to use . Not sure why they messed with a good thing . Works okay but I do n't see this product lasting long .
 I have to return this item . The containers are too small to cook enough portions for a four person family and the cooking time is too long . A pressure cooker with an average steamer rack and a fitting container does the same type of cooking in half the time .
 First , What we received , was not the same thing as the picture what was shown!That was disappointing.Then we went to use it , and it took 30 % longer to cook the same item ... We will be looking for something else ...
 This unit has been a sad disappointment.Seems the Rival company doesnt pay people to TEST the product before selling to the public !! This thing DOES NOT WORK !! Shuts off after one minute no matter HOW much time you put on it.Rival will NOT replace it ... yet they offer you 10 % discount to buy another CRAP quality product !! Black and decker or other brand worked for us for over 10 yrs ... still does ... the basket we destroyed over so many years and cracked it in so many places we thought a replacement was overdue ... turns out , shoulda kept the unsightly one . . at least it worked !!
 I bought this set for my 3 year old . The flat-sheet and the pillow cases have the Diego character but the fitted sheet is a plain ugly dark blue and green . There is no picture of Diego anywhere on it . It is only bearable if the fitted sheet is covered with the flat sheet . What a disappointment it is for my daughter to raise the flat sheet and see no Diego . Please be advised accordingly as this is not evident from the picture .
 The ad says it has 2 standard pillow cases but it arrived and the package says one fitted sheet , one flat sheet and ONE standard pillow case . I 'm giving it as a gift and have n't opened it but it should include what the ad says .
 After a couple of years of steady use
 broke first day and kids are using this poison dispenser to inhale gas ! please do not sell unless to chefs
 i usred mineto bake 40 yea old baking , welll u must cleam everu 2 dauswe ddid n't for a month and became moldy and greey insidel Iwouold only charge a / charge i think mine was defective . , my faught has never had a faulty c02
 I was very excited when I ordered these towels , but I must say I 've been disappointed . When I washed them before using them , a LOT of lint came off in both the washer and dryer , and they 're still shedding lint . In addition , they 're neither as soft nor as absorbent as much cheaper towels you can get from Target or Kmart . In contrast , we also got the Eloquence towels , and I have been THRILLED with them - very absorbent , and very soft .
 These are pretty and reasonably soft , but not at all durable . After only a wash or two the edges were already becoming frayed . I have to say I 'm disappointed , especially given the price .
 To call this product highly absorbent is a real stretch . It 's one of those non-absorbent towel that smoothly skims the surface of your wet body but does n't take much water with it .
 We bought a complete set of these for our bathroom several months ago . After several washings they have left a ton of lint in the dryer filter and they STILL are not absorbant . They just do not dry you off . Period . Sure , they feel nice and cushy and they 're very pretty , but they do n't do the job . If I could return them I would , but unfortunately I did not buy them from Amazon .
 These towels are terrible . It says on the web page they are made in England but the tag on the towel says `` made in India '' so it is an outright deception . They are nowhere near the quality as those that used to be made in England that were sold by Linens N Things . BEWARE . You 've been warned .
 I ordered the towels , and when they arrived the color did not match the color on the computer . I returned the towels , following the instructions . I then received the amount to be credited to my charge card , which was much less than it should have been . For a $ 59.99 order , I was only credited $ 22 . Even if the shipping charges were deducted , and the return postage deducted , those charges could not have amounted to $ 37.99 . I have received not satisfaction from Amazon , since there is no one you can contact . I will never place an order with Amazon again , and suggest that noone use this company .
 Although these `` Cranberry '' towels perfectly match the 50 's style American Standard `` Loganberry '' tiles and fixtures , they have failed in three different ways . 1 -RRB- After three washes including one drying with a Bounce cloth in the dryer they continue to retain a high level of lint . It comes off all over me after a shower plus everything else in the wash . 2 -RRB- Although soft to touch , they do n't even dry my short hair . This very same problem was observed by my sister who purchased a neutral color and praised Egyptian cotton for its absorbancy . She is returning hers for lack of absorbancy . 3 -RRB- Both I and my sister noticed that at the third wash the towels were starting to pile and form loose threads . I found myself spending 10 minutes per towel trying to valet them .
 Towels looked great when they arrived . We put them in the washer and dryer before first use and the lint they released was almost overwhelming so we washed them again . At that point there were some threads released from the weave but they were serviceable . At first use the towels barely absorbed water . Moisture remained on the surface of the towel , was cold and further drying felt like you were using a soaked , wet towel to try to dry because of the unabsorbed water . This particular color of towel is n't worth the price even if they were free . In contrast some ginger colored towels from the same source and manufacturer , were better yet not what good towels should be . Never again !
 These towels tore and fell apart within a few months of very light guest use . The quality is extremely poor .
 These towels leave lint everywhere ... Even after washing ... They are Made in India , and are cheap quality ... Since when did Christy 's of England start making their hand towels in India ? The hand towels are still made in England , but these bath towels are some of the worst quality I 've seen : -LRB-
 it makes good rice , but water everwhere when finished . . have used it 4 times . . same thing every time . . will never buy another steamer without looking at in store first ... guess when u buy something for 30 dollars you get what you pay for ... had a cheap rival that lasted 8 years tho
 I ordered a new mortar and pestle . The one they sent me had chunks of the granite missing on the sides and the bottom , and the bottom had a large K scratched into it -LRB- deep scratch - about a quarter of an inch in -RRB- . The mortar and pestle work fine -LRB- at the end of the day they 're not too high tech -RRB- , but when you order something new , you expect something new . This was clearly used or defective . the seller has n't responded to my email , and obviously this is not something I want to spend too much time on - so it looks like I 'm stuck with a used product when I paid for a new one .
 I bought these hand towels to match the bath towels I bought in the same color . Unfortunately , they do n't match AT ALL . The hand towels are considerably darker and have a different hue altogether . In addition , after the first wash , they unravelled considerably and were covered in loose strings . The bath towels are nice and so far they 've held up well after a few washings , but I would not recommend these hand towels at all .
 I got a pair of these from Amazon because the price was right.Or was it ? Turns out that even at a bargain basement price these towels were no deal . They 're relatively thin and poorly constructed -LRB- they shed like crazy and I suspect they 'll be dust in short order ... not that they 're gon na stay in my house long enough to find out ... -RRB- These are hardly `` luxury '' quality towels.I made a mistake with my money . Now I 'm trying to help you avoid the same mistake . Put ... the ... mouse ... down ... now ... and ... walk ... away ... from ... the ... terminal ...
 I ordered these and `` Famous Maker Hand Towel , '' like the ones without `` supima '' ones much better for the same price .
 The first time I used these it was for jello pudding pops and it was a huge disaster . Even after running them under hot water they would not come out . I thought this might be my wrong doing and not the fault of the product . I tried them with juice and still had difficulty getting two of them out and two others broke quickly off the stick and smashed onto the floor before melting . The stuck parts were hard to get out the way the base is shaped . The third try and I had issues with 2 out of 6 again and gave up.I had no problem with the replacements that I bought at the grocery store that were a rounder shape , so while it might be me or my freezer I must say there are better options .
 I made pops , but the sticks slid right out , leaving me with a plastic cup of sorts holding frozen liquid . Had to let everything melt to get it out , wound up ruining everything . Happened with all of them . Didnt try a second batch , because I did not want to waste any more juice or yogurt ,
 I received the Tovolo Ice Pop Molds today in a larger box with some other items . There was no separate packaging for the Ice Pop Molds - everything was just thrown in a plastic bag inside the larger box . I thought that was kind of strange but , when I took them out to look at them they appeared used and some of them looked like they had pieces of food stuck inside still - Gross ! I do n't know what happened with this order but I know I wo n't be using these trashy pop molds .
 I should have had it on Feb 12 and I am very upset it was a gift . Why was it not sent
 I only read other reviews about how well-made it is . How it 's easy to use , etc. . I should have read the reviews more comprehensively . These are extremely big pop molds . It 's overwhelmingly big for young children -LRB- 2 and 5 yr old -RRB- . It might be good for teenagers and adults . But there should be a note somewhere how much oz . of liquid it holds and freezes etc. . There is product dimension for pop mold stand which holds them . But that does n't give me any idea how big these mmolds are . When I opened the box , we were disappointed how big these molds are . Purchasing something like this online without viewing in real life is a risk .
 I bought these molds a couple of months ago and have used them 3 times . I have decided that I should have bought a different product . First nit pick is a product design issue
 I just received these popsicle molds a few days ago , have never used the frozen smoothie popsicles ... a few minutes ago the whole set fell on the floor , and every single mold broke ... do not buy these!I went to Target and bought two less expensive popsicle molds , about $ 3.00 each , much better , more stable , more flexible plastic . Popsicles release easily .
 The stand is nice and can take 1 out at time ... we make popsicles with a bit of jello and kool-aid - really hard to get out . Run under hot water and wiggle for 2-3 minutes and hope the stick does n't break or pull out .
 These are great molds , BPA free , well designed , sturdy , good-looking , except they are ... . huge!I read the review saying they are too big for small kids and I got them anyway , thinking , how big can they be ? Answer
 I live in Ohio and we do n't get blazing hot temps around here until late June and into July most summers . I bought these molds this spring and just opened the box to use them for the July 4th weekend . They have some kind of black oil or something all over them -- like it was rubbed on something in the factory or got caught in a machine at the factory and marred . Every single one had this stuff and I have tried to get it off but ca n't . Amazon says I missed the window for return by three weeks . This was a very short window of time in which to return something and I can not tell you how disappointed I am with Amazon on this point . Beyond that , the picture they have and the actual item do n't look a thing alike . I would beware and look elsewhere for ice pop molds .
 Very unhappy with purchase . The ice pop molds are entirely too large for an infant popsicle ! They were also over priced .
 I wish that somewhere in ANY of these reviews that even one person had mentioned that these ice molds are not good for people with weak or injured hands or wrists . I have a torn wrist , and now that the pop is frozen , I can not open the damn thing without further injuring myself . Looks like I 'll have to wait for the ice to melt to get it open , so what 's the point?Will be returning this and continuing to purchase Fruit Floes from Trader Joe 's . Such a disappointment ... I waited so long and eagerly for these to arrive ... so bummed.PS . I gave it 2 stars because I can tell that this would be a good product for someone who has healthy hands and wrists .
 The popsicle molds are very large - too large for young children . I bought this product so that I could make popsicles for my young -LRB- 11/2 to 7 yrs . old -RRB- grandchildren . The popsicles turn out to be as large as those one would buy from an ice-cream truck . I could n't tell from the picture what size the molds were . Sizing information in the write-up would have been helpful .
 This is my first time with my own popsicle molds ; I 've tried two batches and I have the hardest time to get the popscicles out of the molds !!
 I have owned these for over one month now . The first set of ice pops were perfect . But for some reason any additonal ice pops that I have made the stick slides out without the ice pop . I end up scraping out the treat . I feel that I have wasted my money and it 's too late for me to get a full refund from Amazon . Make sure you check the return policy and not overlap the return time in order to get a full refund .
 $ 12.99 for a half-dozen molds is outrageous . The base is convenient to hold the molds upright , but it 's size is awkward and it does not fit well in a conventional freezer . These are durable , but they should be - because they are very over-priced . Count on these taking about .75 cubic feet of storage space in your cabinet no matter how you try to manipulate them . Will keep these , but disappointed .
 On the very first use , two of the four sticks snapped while we were trying to take them out of the molds . We 'd let them thaw on the counter about five minutes , then jiggled them . Two worked , and two snapped . We had to throw out the popsicles for the two that snapped to make sure we would n't eat plastic pieces . I 'm very disappointed and am contacting Tovolo .
 I have a ton of Tovolo brand molds that I really like , but none have broken the way these did after the first freeze ...
 Have to submerged under hot water to get the mold to release without the stick pulling out of the popsicle . A portion of the popsicle is left in the lower part of the handle , either get it out with a utensil or it 's all over the place .
 I got these during Black Friday week for a pretty good deal off of Amazon . That being said , it 's pretty impossible to get the popsicle out of the mold ! I use hot water , but I still end up taking off the top part of the popsicle . Meaning , I end up with 3/4 of a popsicle . Which is fine , I keep my world in perspective . It 's a popsicle . Not sure I would recommend them though .
 I agree that these are pretty large for children . However , the more serious problem , at least for me , was that there were small plastic strings and uneven plastics around the edges and holes on the sticks . I happened to find those bad finishing and I had to cut them out with a knife . Still there are sticking out parts inside the drip protectors . The outer mold looks perfect though . The inside finishing should have been better with that price and brand.I think the quality of the inside and outside molds should have been switched .
 Glad these worked out for some people . They 're pretty much a waste for us . They are HUGE for small children -- our boys ca n't finish one , even in the hottest weather , so that 's good organic -LRB- i.e. expensive -RRB- juice down the drain . Because our freezer is apartment-sized , we can not use the base that holds the mold because it takes up too much room , so I have to tuck the pops in wherever we can fit them . Which brings me to the last problem -- the bases do * not * snap snugly onto the mold , so there are frequent spillovers in our freezer . I 've used them two summers now , but I give up and am now looking for some classic Tupperware ones like we had growing up . They were the right size for children , the seal snapped good and tight , and they did n't take up scads of space in the freezer .
 These work as expected , however it was rather difficult to remove the frozen pops from their molds . We had to resort to 20 seconds of running each mold under hot water to free its pop .
 I purchased these to replace an older Popsicle maker . The reviews sounded encouraging . However , after just a few uses , the plastic molds are starting to crack . Not what I 'd expect .
 I have given up on using these pop molds . I tried a few times but the content of the popcicle gets stuck to the mold and I can not pull them out , no matter how hard I try . I ended up breaking a few and shoving the rest in the back of my kitchen cabinet .
 We really liked these molds when we first got them but they break when they are dropped ... which is all the time if you have kids or a full freezer.I 've had both the clear and green sections break.What was most frightening is that when the green part broke I had n't noticed it was cracked and gave it to my child . It broke off in her lips and she handed it to me ... *** OMG IT WAS RAZOR SHARP AND JAGGED *** had she been a younger child and more apt to ` explore ' she could have been seriously harmed if not killed.These are either going to be returned or put in the garbage ... I 'm waiting to hear back from the manufacturer .
 I would not recommend these ice pop molds . They are rather large , take up a lot of space in your freezer and the base on the stick does not catch drippings so they are very messy .
 The item was not in stock , so I received work gloves instead ... which I did not order . It took them a long time , like 2 weeks to resolve it . They finally did , a lot of frustration though in mean time !
 Its so hard to make good tasting pops at home and this doesnt really help . Save your self the trouble so buy them at the store .
 Glad I ordered two -LRB- I think -RRB- . When I cleaned one for the first time the webbing came loose -LRB- using cold water -RRB- . It will do as a backup . The verdict is out as to whether I will ever reorder these - depends upon how long the vacuum cleaner lasts .
 I would give it 3 stars if they were upfront about their difference in quality and did not try to scam people by implying that it 's an authentic dyson part . As other people have mentioned , the filter is not a dyson part , it does not have the activated charcoal layer , and the blue foam filter is obviously lessor quality.The activated charcoal is very important , read http://science.howstuffworks.com/environmental/energy/question209.htm for more info . Basically , this part of the filter helps to adsorb carbon-based impurities and is missing from this cheap imitation . The blue foam pad is not close to the same quality . By squeezing it you can tell that it is far more porous and hence much less of a filter compared to the original . Just fill both up with water and squeeze them out a few times , you 'll notice a night and day difference.In the end , thanks for the quick replacement as my original cracked , however , I will never buy this again as I feel it is liable to add extra wear and tear to the vacuum , which is far more valuable .
 The seller states that this is a Dyson filter and even shows a picture of a Dyson filter . However , they send me a cheap generic imitation wrapped in a package that says it 's a dyson filter . How illegal is that ? Absolutely shameful . I 'll never do business with them again . Look at the filter itself to verify what you get . Do n't put anything that is off brand in your Dyson vacuum . It could ruin it .
 This filter is NOT an authentic Dyson replacement . It 's of SIGNIFICANTLY lower quality , and you can see in a moment when putting them side-by-side . It 's made with products that do n't appear to be of as good a quality , and it 's missing the layer of charcoal in the original . Personally , I wo n't put this on my Dyson b/c I do n't believe in the quality of it - so now I 'm off to find one that is a real Dyson . I DO NOT recommend purchasing from this seller !
 The filter I received does not have a hole in the middle or a place to punch it out in order to fit in the Dyson DC07 model . We used our vacuum to clean out black grout that spilled in my car , so I needed a replacement . Now I have to buy another one from somewhere else because it has been past 30 days . Not happy .
 Given the name of the product , you 'd think you were getting a real Dyson filter . This is not the same as what Dyson sells . It actually seems a bit wider and makes getting the filter into the vacuum cleaner a bit difficult.I just got it so we 'll see how well it ends up working .
 I also chose this item because it stated that it was made by Dyson . However , the one I received clearly is not . It merely states `` Designed to fit Dyson . '' I am disappointed and hope Amazon corrects this , so others do n't keep having the same issue . I wish I would have read the reviews before I ordered !
 What 's the point of buying a 400 dollar vacuum and then putting a cheap piece of crap filter in it ?
 When I look at some of the positive reviews of this product , I wonder what these people were comparing these towels against . Martex makes a VERY large cross-section of towels found in most all stores under a multitude of brand names . This particular line seems to be a low-end one and one that uses Supima cotton fibers that are not as fine as good Egyptian cotton ones . The cotton loops on this towel are small , not nearly as fine as good Egyptian cotton and the towel itself does n't have a good heft/fluffiness to it -LRB- seems thin and for lack of a better word , `` Wal-Marty '' . If you want a great quality product for the same price , search for the `` Famous Maker Washcloth 2-Pack '' made by GRAND PATRICIAN , right here on Amazon . I ordered both brands at the same time and the difference between the two is like night and day . Make sure that the Grand Patrician ones mention `` 100 % Egyptian fine extra-long staple cotton '' in the description . That is your assurance that you are getting the finer line product , not yet another low-end line product such as this Martex Altier . This is important since the actual brand/contents of the `` Famous Maker '' towel products can change with time . Also , the list price on the Grand Patrician is noted as being lower than that for this Martex product but do n't let that fool you . I still gave the Martex 2-stars since it is not a bad value in and by itself . But it is an atrocious choice if you also have the option of the Egyptian cotton Grand Patrician ones from Amazon at the same price .
 These have to be seconds . Soon as I opened the packages . . I ordered 10 packages with 2 each inside I noticed frayed edges ... a immediate ut oh to me . The seams are n't sewn smoothly all the way around there are strings hanging.Looked closer and the tags on them were n't in uniform spots . For the price I thought I would give them a shot so I washed them as advised by the manufactor before using . They came out of the washer and dryer as in different colors . A bad dye lot I guess . These washclothes ARE soft so thats why I gave them one star , however , they are badly sewn and I expected much more from Martex quality than this . Buyer beware .
 The washcloths are `` ok '' but I was really expecting athicker more absorbent washcloth that holds a lot ofsoap while in the shower . Good for the money I guess .
 The towels are as soft as advertised , but that 's it . The towels are much smaller than advertised . I ordered grey , but received tan . I ca n't use them with my grey bathroom !
 I am very disappointed w/this product . It is advertised to pickup pet hair with the dyson vacuum , but does not work . When pressed onto the furniture the roller quits working . It probably works w/the handheld vac , but I ca n't afford that at this time . A VERY disappointing purchase
 I returned the item because the Turbine Tool that was shipped to me is not the same item as pictured . The item i received is so cheaply made and is definitely not worth 65.00 .
 I 'd think if I were Dyson , I would recall all of these.Big , Bulky Pricey , and worthless . I thought turbines were designed to spin?It certainly does not compare to the vacuum at all.Bought a real one for $ 17 -LRB- shiping included -RRB- Eureka Power Paw , Dyson should be ashamed .
 It sucks but not in a good vacuum sort of way . Brushes stop if you touch it to 90 % of surfaces you would use it on .
 After checking the reviews , I checked to see if my tools from my old Hoover Head would fit and work on my Dyson . WELL it does , so I wo n't be spending my money on this . It works like a charm . You may want to check out Hoovers attachments to see if you can get one cheaper then Dyson .
 My mini turbine tool part stopped working . I contacted Dyson , hoping to purchase another part without realizing my vacuum was still under their 5 year warranty . However , when I spoke with several of members of their team , NO ONE could confirm I ever registered my product with them , even though I was sitting in front of my computer , signed into THEIR web site and looking at my registered products with their company . Unbelievable . And worse , I was n't even looking to utilize my warranty but purchase a replacement part . Dyson is an expensive product with a non-existant warranty that I can not recommend . In the end , I ended up fixing my own , broken part myself without purchasing a replacement .
 This product is worthless . The items that it will clean without bogging down the brush are so limited that it 's a waste of hard earned money . I 'm truly sorry I bought it . It 's a black mark on Dyson 's lineup of other great products .
 I wish I had trusted the other reviews written on this thing . Awful product . Tried to use it on my stairs and it 's impossible , the attachments that came with my old Bissel vac worked so much better . Really a disappointment . Brush is n't strong enough , it 's a weird angle which makes it really difficult to use on the stairs , etc. . I 'm really annoyed that I purchased this product . Do n't buy it .
 One of these was included with my Dyson ; I 'm quite amused that it costs so much . As most of the negative reviewers have mentioned , as soon as you touch the brush to anything , it stops spinning . Would you tolerate that with the main vacuum brush?I do often use this when I need to vacuum carpeted steps . I do n't do it that often , so I 'll get out the attachment , try to use it , fiddle with the `` one dot '' / `` two dots '' switch , wonder if I have it hooked up wrong because there 's a `` press to release '' button that does n't do anything , then give up and just vacuum the steps by using the `` regular '' beater of the vacuum on the step and follow up with the crevasse attachment . Then I 'll put this back in the closet until the next time I forget how well it works .
 This thing is worthless ! The brush was hardly spinning on our medium-pile carpet - and the suction is dramatically reduced . On the plus side , our ferrets had some fascination with it and kept running away with it and hiding it under the couch.You 're much better off spending LESS money and buying one of the below units , all of which have great reviews and spinning brushes - and you wo n't have to deal with the awkward hose either : Shark SV736 15.6-Volt Cordless Handheld Vacuum Cleaner with Motorized Brush , Colors Vary -LRB- Gray or Green -RRB- Black & Decker HV9010P Retriever Pet-Series Cyclonic-Action Corded Dustbuster and BlowerEureka 71B Hand-Held Vacuum
 I thought this would easily take the hair up off of the carpet on my stairs , and of of the dog 's bed . It does n't . When the spinning bristles make contact with anything , it slows them down so dramatically that they do n't pick up anything . So , you just sit there going back and forth over the same spot , looking at the same hair . I love my Dyson , but this tool is junk . I ended up just plopping my dyson over top of the dog 's pillow . That works much better .
 For the Animal DC17 to be such a great vacuum , I thought I was using the turbine tool incorrectly . After reading the reviews I realize that there is n't any error on my part , it is the tool that is inefficient . I emailed Dyson to inquire as how to use the tool correctly and they have never responded .
 This is n't even worth it if you can get it for half the cost!I recently bought the DC15 All Floors model for $ 295 ... SCOREThis vacuum is fantastic.I really wanted that turbo tool though.That would turn my `` all floors '' into an `` animal '' , I had to have it , I had to see for myself , even after all the single star , bad reviews given here.It just could n't be that bad . . Well it 's junk , I defiantely -LRB- yes defiantly -RRB- saw for myself ... You will do much better using the 3 tools that came with the vacuum and are readily available on board.The Turbo Tool does stop when it touches the intended cleaning surface.The suction is n't there either with the filter on the side and the holes in the adapter area.If you did n't waste your money yet , DO N'T !
 First and foremost I love my DYSON vacuum and have convinced several of my friends that the price was definitely worth the money of the base unit . I originally purchased the yellow model because the purple -LRB- animal model -RRB- was never in stock and I was having a hard time justifying the price without having seen it in action . Because of that I thought it was a GREAT idea when they started selling the Mini Turbine Tool so I could finally get some of the pet hair from my 3 cats and dog off the sofa and chairs . As soon as I saw it I purchased it and couldnt wait to get home and try it out . I have never been so disappointed in a product . When you used it on the furniture you had to be so far off the fabric otherwise it would stop spinning - I could n't get it close enough to the fabric to actually be effective on picking up any of the cat/dog hair without actually using it just for the suction . I tried it on several different types of fabric as well as the various living room and bedroom furniture . Same results each time . After several attempts - I packed it back up and returned it for a refund . Do n't waste your time with this . Hopefully it will be redesigned in the future but this version is a dyson dud ...
 I received this for christmas and the design is not good . When its attached to the vaccum , the brush inside spins until you touch it to your furniture and the brush stops spinning . We called Dyson and they said this is the way is works because when you push the attachment on your furniture , the brush then will spin only in the forward direction . So you can only sweep in one direction .
 I bought the purple dyson animal which comes with the mini turbine tool . The brushes stop rotating as soon as it touches any material . You may as well use any cheapo air suction tool ! I ca n't believe that this tool is a major selling point for animal owners . It 's a rip-off .
 I bought this after reading the reviews figuring maybe people were using it incorrectly . I was wrong . This tool is almost useless . Even using it very lightly , it 's extremely easy to stop the brushes from spinning . Sometimes they have to be re-started again by hand . There 's a switch on the bottom -LRB- which is n't labeled or mentioned anywhere -RRB- which gives you two different speed/suction settings , but it does n't make much difference . I 'm disappointed that this would come from Dyson .
 I love my Dyson DC14 Animal but this tool is useless . It does not have a powered brush bar and so therefore it just does not spin . It barely turns and if you are thinking of using it to get the stuff off your stairs it wo n't do it.I am surprised at what a bulky useless tool attachment it is.Really Disappointing !
 Total waste of money . The turbine stops turning as soon as it hits surface , any surface . I should have read and heeded the reviews before I bought this . Definitely not up to Dyson rep and standards .
 I purchased the Dyson Mini Turbine Tool for my Dyson DC18 , relying on the Amazon.com `` Product Feature '' which read at the time of my purchase -LRB- and still reads -RRB- , `` Conveniently attaches to any Dyson vacuum cleaner . '' Not so for the DC18 and the DC16 . They are the exceptions stated in the fine print on the Dyson product label . Unfortunately , I did not unpack my Mini Turbine Tool in its manufacturer 's packaging and make this discovery until after the expiration of my Amazon.com no-cost return period . I intend to return this product because it is useless to me , but I 'll be eating the return shipping cost and a portion of my original purchase expense . I do n't fault Amazon.com for the return policy . I do fault Amazon.com for the inaccurate characterization of the product on this site , which induced me to purchase it in the first place . My rating of one star is not for the product but instead for the disappointing Amazon.com shopping experience in this instance .
 I bought this tool to clean my stairs . This tool is terrible . It is impossible to keep running . I am returning it .
 I got this item to control pet hair as I have 2 dogs that shed . It is ok , but not the performance I expected from dyson . I love my vaccuum cleaner and figured this would be just as awesome . Worth using , but not at the nearly 80.00 price tag . If you can get a used one for half this price - then maybe .
 With this high price and what you got its ridiculous and you should think again if you really want to get this item . &#8203;
 You can read countless reviews about the Dyson vacuum and I would add nothing to it other than this : If you 're looking for an attachment to remove pet hair via the hose , DO NOT buy the Dyson tool -LRB- for $ 50 + -RRB- . It simply does n't work . BUT ... We have 2 white , long hair pets and emerald green carpet . I finally found a tool that works ! The Hoover Windtunnel Turbo Brush -LRB- Part # 40200013 -RRB- fits the nozzle on my Dyson perfectly . That little sucker CRANKS ! The brush spins hard even when it 's touching the carpet . It 's super easy to unclog the long pet hair from the brush . You squeeze two side buttons , it opens to 2 half pieces , you extract the hair that is wrapped around the brush and it starts whirring again . PLUS , I think I paid less than $ 10 to get it on eBAY.Hoover Windtunnel Turbo Brush Part # 40200013 -
 This accessory is definitely not worth the money . It works OK , but is easily bogged down if you put too much pressure on the surface to be cleaned . You then have to pick it off the surface and let it start spinning and come up to speed . I feel Dyson could do better to match the performance of their vaccuums .
 I was so excited to get this tool , I happened to get this with my dyson animal vacuum , but regardless it stinks . Does n't pick up cat hairs , or hardly anything . The turbine spins , but it doesnt help to pick anything up . The tool is pretty much pointless , and not what expected at all . Thought it would be great on furniture , the mattress tool is way better .
 I tried to use this on my DC07 that is 8 years old . Did not work ... I guess there was not enough suction to turn the brush head . I returned it !
 Dyson Mini Turbine ToolThis tool was no good because it did not fit the Dyson Vacuum cleaner that I purchased at the same time.There should have been more information as to which tools fit which machines .
 I can not for the life of me figure out how I 'm supposed to use this thing . I 've attempted to vacuum SOMETHING with it about a half dozen times , but just give up after a few minutes ... Unlike all the other negative reviews here , my issue is not necessarily with the brushes itself , but rather with the fact that the head does n't pivot at all -LRB- despite the fact that it looks like it does in the photos -RRB- ; it would be great/fine if I could attach this tool to the end of my flexible hose , but my extension tube does n't detach from the hose ... so this tool goes on to the end of the long pole . This makes it absolutely IMPOSSIBLE to vacuum stairs -- trying to balance the giant vacuum with one hand and get far enough away from the step that this stupid tool touches at exactly the right angle to make contact at ALL is just maddening !! I think I must just be stupid or something , because I can not see how it could possibly work .
 I got this attachment with a Dyson Model 14 full kit . While the vacume is great , this attachment is n't . While it still has decent suction , it is completely inadequate to spin the turbine head when its in contact with anything other that a hard surface . If you try and use it on carpet the turbine head will actually sping BACKWARDS from contact with the carpet . I tried cleaning pet hair off my car seats and this attachment was woefully inadequate at best . The small attachment tool for the wand does a better job .
 This attachment is kind of difficult to use . It has to be placed in a certain position for it to work . It doesnt pick up hair like it claims . I have tried using it on my stairs , and in the car , and it just does not do the trick ... not impressed
 Compared to the original equipment that came with our Dyson Animal this unit under performs greatly . I had read several reviews on this product thta said it was a far cry from the original but took it with a grain of salt . They were correct . It is a poor replacement unit and I expected more from a Dyson product .
 I have a Dyson DC17 Animal which came with a turbine head and it does a reasonably good job on stairs . I thought I was ordering the new tool that does n't have a beater bar on it -LRB- my mistake -RRB- . I decided I 'd give this a try , even though it appears to be a chintzier version of what I already have , only to find it does n't fit my vacuum . So I ca n't vouch for how well it works . I do love my Dyson vacuum though .
 I recently bought the Dyson Complete specifically because it has this attachment . With 3 indoor cats and a cat allergy , I needed something that would get the fur off the furniture easily . This does NOT do it.Like everyone else , I was sure something was wrong with mine because the brushes stopped every time I put the attachment on my sofa . I finally went and bought a Eureka Power Paw -LRB- $ 20 -RRB- that actually works the way the Mini Turbine tool is supposed to and fits on my Dyson ! Do n't spend the money on this - go by the Power Paw !
 This came with my DC17 Animal vacuum which I LOVE ! I have a couple of dachshunds and microfiber sofas so I needed the Animal model , or so I thought . I spent a couple of days tweaking with the fittings thinking I was just doing something wrong with the Turbine Tool . I finally called Dyson customer service and they explained to me how to attach the turbine head to the hose . Come to find out , I had been doing it right the whole time . I explained this to the woman and told her that the brush barely spins and stops as soon as you put it on the fabric of the sofa . She had nothing to say to that , no response at all . It was dead air on the phone ! The only thing I could think to say after that awkward silence was , `` Ok , I 'll tweak with it more and call you guys back if I 'm still having problems . '' and the conversation was over.Please do n't waste your money on this tool or buy the Animal model just for this . I have to keep my broke down Eureka which I intended on returning just to keep their version of the same tool , -LRB- which works excellently on the Dyson BTW -RRB-
 My current problem with my spice rack is that the lettering is rubbing off . I 've had this rack for about 4 months and the lettering on the lids just wipes off using a finger . This was actually a replacement set for an Olde Thompson set I had before where all of the lettering rubbed off on all of my jars . It seems that the jars are just poorly manufactured . Obviously , not having your spices labeled makes it difficult to quickly pick out your oregano from your parsley or italian seasoning mix etc. . . Other than that , though , the set is great and the spices are good quality . I have a customer service request in to see if they 'll replace the lids as the lettering rubs off -LRB- as they say they will on their website -RRB- so I guess it should n't be a problem getting replacements , but just the idea that rub-off lettering is a standard issue is silly . They should have used a different printing technique for something that will sit near a stove and may get touched by oily or otherwise wet hands . It is a problem for all jars that have either white or black lettering on the lid .
 I like the look of this spice rack , and I also like the look of the jars . However , neither the jars nor the lids are high quality . A couple of my glass jars had tiny bubbles , and the lids are plastic with a metallic paint coating and NOT made of stainless steel as they appear to be in the pictures . Definitely not worth the price tag Olde Thompson is selling this rack for , but I thought maybe this was because the spices are expensive ... Only , there are n't really any expensive spices included . Most of the jars are filled with easy-to-grow , dried herbs , rather inexpensive spices like cinnamon or rock salt -LRB- honestly , why would I need rock salt in a spice jar ?? You can buy it in boxes for relatively cheap -RRB- , and many things most people will never use -LRB- such as celery seed -RRB- . Worse , at least three of the jars consisted of `` mixes '' that are essentially the herbs already included in other jars mixed together in different ratios . Spices l could have actually used like turmeric , allspice , or nutmeg are not present at all -LRB- perhaps because they would cost more per bottle than herbs or salt -RRB- . Finally , the lettering on the caps identifying the spices is printed on the caps in permanent black letters and can not be rubbed off . I ended up replacing almost all the spices and covering up the labels with masking tape . NOT attractive , but could n't really think of a more attractive way to make the rack work.Honestly , I would be thrilled with this rack if they did not include any spices , let us label the jars with stick on labels or some such , and -LRB- as a result -RRB- cut the price in half . I would say $ 20 is a much more honest and reasonable price for a spice rack of this quality .
 I had this on my wish list and got it as a present . It looks good on picture but not as good in use . Top and bottom have very nice stainless steel look , easily rotates , however , canisters are made from some cheap plastic , some tops do not close after opened only once . Also not very happy with the choice of spices , I only use a few from this set . Do not recommend .
 The spice rack looks great , but the plastic tops on each of the bottles are made of very cheap plastic . Many of them do n't shut at all and the ones that do still leak . I would not recommend this specific product to anyone . I thought Olde Thompson was a reputable company .
 I ca n't believe I was also fooled by this ad . I saw this beautiful set of 12 jars and thought I was buying them all . Very disappointing . I will not buy this product again .
 The photo shows a whole box of jars , but they 're only selling one . Do n't be fooled by these jokers .
 I was also fooled by the picture of more than one jar . Sorry , but you wo n't get another order from me .
 I am sooo glad I am not alone in thinking I was getting more than 1 spice jar!OUCH ! Granted it is a lovely spice jar , the thing cost me more than $ 8.00 . I really think the seller needs to me more specific in what the customer is purchasing.They should take the plurality out of `` jars '' and make it just a `` 3 ounce replacementjar '' .
 Very misleading photo it shows a flat of 12 spice jars and they ony ship one at a cost of $ 7.79 I could have bought a full flat at bed bath and beyond -LRB- 12 jars for $ 23.88 a cost of $ 1.99 each -RRB- . I would never have bought them for their price if they would have followed truth in advertisingin their Photo !!
 I never recieved this Friends poster . I received another poster instead . I do n't know how this mix up occurred but my neice was disappointed as this was suppose to be a Christmas gift .
 I suppose the name of the item should have alerted us that this device works only on `` pry up '' type lids . Unfortunately we wanted it to help with screw tops . On arrival , we discovered we do n't have a single pry top lid in the house ! A mention in the description that it does n't work on screw lids would have reinforced the name .
 Received it today and am not to impressed with it.Did beef kebobs and the cooking was so uneven that some some pieces were cooked dry while others were pretty raw.For me a waste of money , since it does no better than my other grill , which does just as poor of a job .
 to everyone who chimed in on how great smokeless this grill is . . what are you people on ? SERIOUSLY . . what is your definition of smokeless . . or hell , how do you use this grill that it becomes smokeless ? I gave it a first-run this weekend with some burgers and my kitchen got so smokey i had to use fans to blow the smoke out the window . . purchased it on others claiming it to be smokeless and that was n't anywhere near the caseis it a great grill ? yea , it heats up quite nicely , leaves marks on the food , nice countertop space saving design , etc. . it 's a great grillbut smokeless ? I 'm rating this 2 stars when I would normally rate it 4 stars because that 's how annoyed I am at people who wrote smokeless but the product could n't be further from the truthwhat you people cooking on ?! LOW ?! . . smokeless . . - sigh -
 This grill was chosen on the star rating system instead of the experience of a friend who had a competing model , which I can now understand is better , and less expensive . Cleaning is not easy and do n't ever grill fish inside .
 Chinese made ... . For some reason I though it was Japanese made `` sigh '' but no is a Chinese made crap , I return it . Oh yeah I took it out of the box and yes it feels really cheap .
 The grill plate is removable which should be easy for cleaning , but the weight of the grill plate is too heavy . It is very hard to hold and clean at the same time . I ordered the grill and returned it the next day . I hope the manufacturer will put the easiness of cleaning as a priority , then they will have a better product.I have one wonderful grill machine from Black & Decker that I bought several years ago . It is so easy to take out and clean . Unfortunately , Black & Decker did not continue the same model . The new Black & Decker model is of very cheap quality . The paint job is not even and the non-stick coating is also bad . I do not suggest people buy the new Black & Decker indoor grill machine .
 I ordered this product , opened it and sent it right back . It is much to small for a family . It might work for 1-2 people . I could n't see it big enough for two medium sized steaks .
 I purchased this grill because I wanted a grill to use inside and also wanted a grill with a thermostat . The cooking grid area is very small and the grill is hard to clean since the heating coils are part of the grid and you can not immerse it in water . If you have it turned up past medium it burns everything .
 With such rave reviews on Amazon , decided it 's time for my old electric grill to retire and get a new Zojirushi.Not going to rewrite all the good parts , plenty of other reviews . Here 's the problems I encountered :1 . The electric cord that connects to the grill pan does not stay fixed . Just by lightly bumping or having a fan blowing on it loosed it and the grill had no power . This was the main reason why I was getting a new grill , my old 10yr old grill had that problem . Should not happen on a new $ 65 grill . Maybe it 's just a defect .2 . Slightly on the small side . Max 2 people , anymore than 2 = lot of waiting around .3 . Smoke free - Not sure how everyone else got it to be smoke free , the smoke was clearly visible when I used it indoors . Yes , it 's slightly better than my old one , but definitely can not qualify as smoke free.I 'm a big fan of Zojirushi products , got the 10cup induction rice cooker , hot water pot , hot pot cooker , this grill was going to complete the Zojirushi set , unfortunately have to return it and try another brand .
 I had high hopes for this grill . After all , I love my Zo bread machine . However , I do n't love this grill . The good points are that it cooks a decent steak or burger . The BAD points are that it smokes horribly , is very difficult and messy to clean and takes forever to heat up . If you really want one of these , look for mine soon at a Goodwill near you !
 In spite of some so-so reviews I ordered these sheets because I had an Amazon gift certificate I had to use for some purchase . When you see the words , Egyptian Cotton you have the expectation that the sheets will be soft and somewhat luxurious . Not true for these sheets . They smelled like chemical coming out of the package and had to be washed twice to get the smell out . They are very average . They are equivalent in softness and quality to any regular cotton sheets from a discount store . Save your money for the something special from another store .
 I do n't usually write reviews but I am pretty annoyed . I bought this rice cooker a year ago but started having problems with it after the Amazon 30 day period . As result , I could not return it to Amazon . It took me a while to take the rice cooker to the repair center due to the many electrical storms in my area which resulted in light-outs . Finally , I was able to take it to the Zojirushi repair center in Maryland . The problem was not fixed and the switch would still pop to warm before the rice was cooked . A lot of people who have left one star are reporting the same problem . Unfortunately for me by this time it was over a year . I decided to buy another one because I believed I just bought a dud , happens sometimes . Plus , my mom has the same model which she purchased , at a store and not from Amazon , more than 3 years ago and it is going strong . The new one I purchased from Amazon is defective as well and the switch pops up before the rice is cooked . I will of course immediately return the new one . However , my initial purchase I will report both Amazon and Zojirushi to the BBB . I do n't know what is going on , but two rice cookers bought a year apart ca n't have the same problems unless something is not being done right . Especially since these cookers cost so much , I do n't think I should let it go . Also I have emailed Zojirushi and I have not gotten a response . Their customer service is certainly not the best , as many people have commented on . Hopefully , I can be reimbursed for the initial purchase and will keep people posted .
 I THANK THE INSTRUCTIONS ON THE MANUAL ARE NOT CLEAR . pLEASE GIVE ME THE MEASUREING GUIDELINES . I LOVE MY RICE COOKER BUT IT HAS DISAPPOINTED ME .
 I do not know who manufactures this item now but they have ruined a great product . The last two rice cookers I have bought have gotten progressively worse NOT cooking the brown rice properly . The cooking button now pops up after only a few mintues when the water is not even boiling . I have been using this product for years without incident but the newest versions are clearly poorly manufactured . What a shame
 Design defect
 I cooked for the first time in this rice cooker . The rice was so burned that I did not eat . When I called the company , I got a run around for my refund . I have just given up and let them have my money . Rice cooker in the trash .
 We got the Zojirushi rice cooker from amazon a little over a year ago , and it made great rice for 13 months . After that it would switch to warm mode too soon , and all we got was water and undercooked rice every time . It made me wish we had not given our old rice maker to charity . It was 20 years old and still working .
 I thought this was going to be good because of all the good reviews but this piece of crap does NOT perform like it 's made out to sound like . I had it for about two months and then it started to malfunction . It would not cook the rice properly and some of it would still be mushy . Also , it just stopped working altogether . It would still turn on but after I shut the top cover and tried to push down the button to turn on the cooker it would not stay in the down position . Thus it would not work . I 'll never buy from this brand again .
 I bought my first one back in 2004 when we first moved into our own home . It worked great until about 2 months ago when the ` keep warm ' light wo n't even come on . So ... I found one in the warehouse deals for a good price but it prematurely pops the cook level from cooking to warming when the rice is not even done . I tried 3 times until I gave up . I 'm going to look at the Tiger brand this time . My sister owns the JNP-1800 and it works so we 'll see . They 're about the same price .
 I did not buy this rice cooker here but from a local super large Asian market for about the same price . One of the reasons why I bought this particular one was because of the price - I wanted to pay MORE hoping for quality -LRB- i.e. `` You get what you pay for '' -RRB- . After less than one year , this cooker stopped cooking for me . I could press down the button to `` cook '' the rice but the red light did not come on and the orange `` keep warm '' light stays on constantly now . I looked up some internet info . to try and fix this thing but it 's not going to work . I 'm on Amazon now looking for a new one!One tip that worked well for me with this cooker was to rinse your rice several times through cold running water and then letting it sit for at least an hour before putting it to work . Also keep the water level down to no more than 1/4 '' above the rice line or it 'll come out too sticky .
 I purchased this rice cooker in April 2012 and it has never cooked rice properly . It also seems to need more water than it should to cook the rice all the way through . I 've owned rice cookers for over 25 years and grew up with them in my Korean household . I know how to use them and this one is a lemon ! I just tried to cook some tonight and after 5 minutes , I heard the click , moving it from cook to keep warm ! This cooker frustrates me to no end and when I read the warranty info , it is lousy . I have to pay for shipping back to Zojirushi ??? They should just ship me a new one after all this aggravation . They sent me some suggestions and it actually said to soak the rice for 30 min prior to cooking it . Seriously ? If I had to do that for past rice cooker I 've owned , then I would just cook it directly on the stove ! Where is the convenience in that . It did n't work even after I tried doing that . I 've never had a rice cooker have so many issues and will never purchase from this company that has such lousy service.UPDATE
 I 've had mine one year and use it gently . After the first month the plastic of the lid started separating and steam eascaping from the sides . The lid no longer fits well . It does work but for the price it should n't be falling apart .
 I read all the reviews and chose to buy this rice cooker because of the incredible reviews.The cooker arrived in the mail today to my excitement.What a disapointment . The cooker 's legs were uneven causing the cooker to lean forward in a distorted way.So I decided to add a little lift under the mishaped leg to level the cooker.I use the instructions to cook 11/2 cup of rice added the proper amount of water closethe cover and press the cook button . 2 minutes later the cook button switched to warm without the ricebehing cooked . I could not keep the cook button on to cook.I will be returning this one and will not get another one.I will try another brand . This is an expensive cooker and should be working fine out of the box .
 I gave this item the lowest rating possible . This was due to the fact that the item pictured was not what I received . It has been weeks , -LRB- now going into months -RRB- and I still do n't have a tool to fit my Dyson vac . I have been told by Factory Direct that the pics seen on Amazon do n't always match what a customer thinks they are purchasing . Since my purchase , Factory Direct has taken all accessory pics off their website and are not even listing on Amazon . They tell me they are going to find a tool to fit my Dyson so I can vac my hard floors . I am still in discussion with them over who is going to pay freight to send the ` wrong ' tool back and if they are going to refund my $ 49.99 . I realize this type problem is noted in Amazon 's terms . Sooo , in the future , I will not make any more purchases from Amazon since they are not responsible for making sure what is pictured is what a person is buying .
 I love my Dyson vacuum because it works better than any other vacuum I 've ever owned and I have spent more money on other vacuums and I have been disappointed until now . But the floor attachment is an overpriced piece of junk and I am being polite . Mr. Dyson should have made it differently because I am afraid of scratching my wood floors with this attachment .
 I first have to say how much I LOVE my Dyson vacuum . I was looking for a vacuum to sweep my hard wood floors better and could reach under furniture . This is awkward to use and it either pushes the dirt around or sucks to the floor so you have to bend down to lift just a little to get the right power . I would not recommend this , the bare floor setting for the vacuum cleaner works just fine . I am still on the hunt for a light weight sweeper that is great .
 NOT REALLY A VERY GOOD PRODUCT . I EXPECTED BETTER FROM DYSON . MY CATS LIKE TO SLEEP UNDER MY BED.I HAVE TO GO OVER AREA SEVERAL TIMES TO GET THE PET HAIR UP .
 I bought this attachment after discovering that the base of my new Dyson vacuum stood too high off the floor to be used under and around furniture . The attachment cleans as promised , but I have decided that using it is more trouble than it 's worth.The attachment connects to the wand -LRB- not to the base -RRB- , which requires a several step process to use it , back and forth , as you clean the floors . It is bulky -LRB- 12 '' x 10.5 '' x 7 '' -RRB- and there 's no built-in place to store it on the vacuum , so it 's taking up a lot of shelf space in my cleaning closet -LRB- and I have to carry it around with me from room to room , as I clean . -RRB- Dyson makes a great vacuum , with especially brilliant design features - it 's disappointing that the standard vacuum does n't allow for under-furniture cleaning , which should be a basic . And this attachment does n't really make up for it.After using the floor-tool attachment a few times , I decided to rely upon my Roomba , instead , for the areas that the Dyson -LRB- without attachment -RRB- ca n't cover - the Roomba does a much better job of going around chair legs , etc. , and I do n't have to be there!If I had it to do over , I would n't have purchased this item - put your $ $ toward a robot cleaner . : - -RRB-
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 Although these `` Cranberry '' towels perfectly match the 50 's style American Standard `` Loganberry '' tiles and fixtures , they have failed in three different ways . 1 -RRB- After three washes including one drying with a Bounce cloth in the dryer they continue to retain a high level of lint . It comes off all over me after a shower plus everything else in the wash . 2 -RRB- Although soft to touch , they do n't even dry my short hair . This very same problem was observed by my sister who purchased a neutral color and praised Egyptian cotton for its absorbancy . She is returning hers for lack of absorbancy . 3 -RRB- Both I and my sister noticed that at the third wash the towels were starting to pile and form loose threads . I found myself spending 10 minutes per towel trying to valet them .
 Towels looked great when they arrived . We put them in the washer and dryer before first use and the lint they released was almost overwhelming so we washed them again . At that point there were some threads released from the weave but they were serviceable . At first use the towels barely absorbed water . Moisture remained on the surface of the towel , was cold and further drying felt like you were using a soaked , wet towel to try to dry because of the unabsorbed water . This particular color of towel is n't worth the price even if they were free . In contrast some ginger colored towels from the same source and manufacturer , were better yet not what good towels should be . Never again !
 These towels tore and fell apart within a few months of very light guest use . The quality is extremely poor .
 These towels leave lint everywhere ... Even after washing ... They are Made in India , and are cheap quality ... Since when did Christy 's of England start making their hand towels in India ? The hand towels are still made in England , but these bath towels are some of the worst quality I 've seen : -LRB-
 I was very excited when I ordered these towels , but I must say I 've been disappointed . When I washed them before using them , a LOT of lint came off in both the washer and dryer , and they 're still shedding lint . In addition , they 're neither as soft nor as absorbent as much cheaper towels you can get from Target or Kmart . In contrast , we also got the Eloquence towels , and I have been THRILLED with them - very absorbent , and very soft .
 These are pretty and reasonably soft , but not at all durable . After only a wash or two the edges were already becoming frayed . I have to say I 'm disappointed , especially given the price .
 To call this product highly absorbent is a real stretch . It 's one of those non-absorbent towel that smoothly skims the surface of your wet body but does n't take much water with it .
 We bought a complete set of these for our bathroom several months ago . After several washings they have left a ton of lint in the dryer filter and they STILL are not absorbant . They just do not dry you off . Period . Sure , they feel nice and cushy and they 're very pretty , but they do n't do the job . If I could return them I would , but unfortunately I did not buy them from Amazon .
 These towels are terrible . It says on the web page they are made in England but the tag on the towel says `` made in India '' so it is an outright deception . They are nowhere near the quality as those that used to be made in England that were sold by Linens N Things . BEWARE . You 've been warned .
 I ordered the towels , and when they arrived the color did not match the color on the computer . I returned the towels , following the instructions . I then received the amount to be credited to my charge card , which was much less than it should have been . For a $ 59.99 order , I was only credited $ 22 . Even if the shipping charges were deducted , and the return postage deducted , those charges could not have amounted to $ 37.99 . I have received not satisfaction from Amazon , since there is no one you can contact . I will never place an order with Amazon again , and suggest that noone use this company .
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 The filter that I ordered was specifically for the Hamilton Beech high end coffee maker that I owned . It did not fit the coffee maker when it arrivved . I bought a new coffee maker and have the filter out in my garage ... maybe I can filter paint with it or something .
 This filter is way too small . The coffee grounds overflow and get into the coffee maker . Would n't recommend this product .
 This filter advertisement claims to be for the coffee maker I need it for . It was n't . I ordered another directly from Hamilton Beach and am crossing my fingers it 's the right one .
 Probably does well in other coffee makers but not so well in the Hamilton Beach Ensemble . Brewed my very first cups of coffee woth the gold filter , the coffee came out a very light brown , I opened the top of the coffee maker and noticed not all off the coffee gorund had even been saturated . So i ran the same pot thru a second time and the coffee came out a little darker . Next I used a paper filter , the coffee came out the color it was supposed to be and all of the coffee ground had been saturated . There was a huge diffeence between the gold/paper filter . Although I would have rather used the gold filter since it allows alot of the coffe oils to remain in the coffee , I get such a better brew with the paper filter ... less clean up too !
 I 'm afraid the coffee tasted terrible using this . I probably would you a paper towel instead of this if we run out of filters . I came quickly and looked good . Wish the coffee tasted better .
 You have to use a whole lot of coffee to make it strong enough to drink . It 's not a good filter . I used my normal amount of coffee that I would put into a paper coffee filter and it would be super weak - even using the bold setting on my coffee maker . I would n't recommend this filter .
 I should have read all the reviews as I bought this as a replacement for my Hamilton Beach BrewStation Deluxe 12 Cup Coffeemaker -LRB- Model 47454 -RRB- as Amazon suggested this as a replacement for the gold filter . But this DOES NOT FIT my model . In fact I ca n't find a replacement anywhere for this model . I 'm sure if this fit it would do an amazing job .
 We used paper filters for a week , until we got this in the mail . Our coffee was brewing just fine . When we used this , the coffee became very weak . After a few days of coffee-flavored dishwater , we went back to the paper filters , and coffee was back to normal again .
 The idea is good - saving on coffee filters , but coffee grounds still get through and into the coffee . I do n't like sludge in my coffee . Using a filter with it defeats the purpose , so I really do n't use it anymore . Save your money on this item and put it towards paper filters .
 The filter lets fine coffee grinds through . A simple paper filter will give you a grind free cup of joe .
 I found that since the bottom of this filter is also the gold mesh , the coffee flows thru the filter too quickly - which in turn causes you to use more coffee than you might normally do . I like a bolder dark roast Sumatra and this filter - even with the bold setting on the Hamilton Beach Ensemble coffee maker - did n't allow the full flavor of the coffee to come thru . I had another similar filter whose bottom was a solid plastic . This one fit and worked better - IMHO.However , it is hard to beat the $ 1 price of this filter .
 We just bought a 47665 Brewstation Plus , and contrary to another revier 's comments , this filter is too small . We also have an older/regular brewstation -LRB- 47224 -RRB- , and the fit mismatch was even worse on that model . So I do n't really know which Hamilton Beach coffeemaker this thing is designed to fit , but it certainly is n't the 47665 or 47224 . We will be returning this item .
 Do n't buy this product , because is not bigger then other filters that are sold at grocery stores . I first bougth one from a grocery store and I thought it was too small to fit right in the hamilton beach brewstation so I went and bot this product thinking it would fit better to my amazement it did not it was no biger then the filter I bought at the grocery store and I pay only 3.95 for the filter it was black and decker filter . I promise you will be mad when you get it cause you would think it would be custom made for the actual brewstation but is not.Oh , and the water filter has to be change every one to three months do n't bother buying it just used your personal water filter for the water . The only nice thing about the coffee filter is that it 's color is golden . that 's it . Do n't buy it .
 Basket is to small for the coffee maker so it spills over and put grounds into the coffee . Would not buy again , this one is going to the Salvation Army .
 The filter is pretty generic and a poor fit at it . Seems like a reselling some no-name item as a branded one . Amazing what one can do to squeeze a couple of dollars when no one is looking .
 This filter arrived damaged - a portion of the screen was missing . I wonder what the final inspection consists of ... not worth the trouble .
 Despite indications on the Hamilton Beach web site that this filter would work as a replacement , this model is too small . A call to Hamilton Beach resulted in us being informed that there is no filter to fit the Brewstation Deluxe .
 I 'm not , but you would not know this from Amazon 's communication . I have ordered several items from Amazon - some in excess of $ 500 - and never had a problem . However , on this item -LRB- less than $ 20 -RRB- USPS stated it was delivered and `` it was n't '' - at least it was not delivered to me . Whether it was lost , stolen , mis-delivered , mis-scanned , or mis-shipped I do not know - however it took too long for Amazon to re-ship the item.What is even more disappointing is that in all their communication Amazon insures you either hear or see the words - USPS delivered the item - when USPS DID NOT deliver the item . With each phone call you make or e-mail you receive Amazon 's script makes you feel like thief . You can tell them over and over that USPS did not deliver the item and they keep repeating the words - USPS delivered the item . Needless to say , I was VERY offended by Amazon 's communication . Moreover , Amazon
 Advertised for 8-12 cups , which makes a mess inside the Hamilton Beach Brewmaster . When used for 12 cups , it leaves grounds on the top of the machine that have to be carefully wiped to avoid them dropping into the machine . I 'm back to using paper filters .
 This STINKO item does not permit coffee to sift through when using finely ground espresso , causing coffee and grinds to bubble up throughout the machine . It also barely contains enough grinds for 12 cups of regular ground beans and then spills over . AND , adding even a small dash of cinnamon totally clogs the screen.This item is absolutely HORRIBLE . I threw it out after the three uses described above .
 It will not hold my normal amount of coffee without over flowing because it is too shallow . This works fine if you like weaker coffee . Normal paper filters this shape are twice the height .
 I bought this filter because it is specifically made for the Hamilton Beach Brew Station Deluxe . It is too big and as a result , it effects how the coffee is made by allowing steam to escape and less coffee . Other then that it works I just feel that if you buy the exact filter for the exact product it should fit .
 It 's not worth it . This filter keeps some of the coffee grounds dry so your coffee comes out like light brown water . I got much better results with a paper filter .
 It says `` Fits Brewstation '' , but it wo n't fit the deluxe model -LRB- 47454 -RRB- . Way too small .
 I had to return it for a refund -LRB- which is as easy as falling off a log at Amazon -RRB- . They say it fits my coffee maker but it 's too small . It has a half inch clearance around it when I put it in the coffee maker . I tried it and found coffee grounds in my coffee . My theory was the grounds would splash out around the edges and get into the coffee . Soo I put it in again and this time put a paper filter in first to catch anything that was coming through . Sure enough , the paper filter caught the grounds . I do n't know how the manufacturer could n't have known about this but ... So I 'm back to the paper filters now ... and loving it ...
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 I am very displeased with the vendor of this product that I bought . I told them I was unhappy with the product due to manufacture -LRB- second quality -RRB- , and was told that they would contact the manufacturer and get other quality to meet my request.This was not done as I have not heard from them since January 09 , when I purchased the item . I would not purchase from them again as they do not keep in contact with customer complaints or their word regarding complaints !!!! Though , why should they , after all they have my money now.Amazon , please remove them from your site as they are causing customer complaints that you may not be aware of and this can give your site a discolored name.Linda .
 Maybe it is faulty . I have used it twice to boil eggs . Each time I followed the package directions and cooked 6 eggs with water to cover in a pan on an electric stovetop . There was little or no color change . On the plus side , there was no plastic smell .
 Despite the package 's claim that `` The sensor accounts for the number of eggs , the amount of water , even the altitude at which the eggs are being cooked . '' this severely undercooks eggs at 6500 feet . Pulled one egg at the `` medium '' point to test - yuck ! Left the rest until the `` hard '' mark - actually accidentally let them go all the way to solid black -LRB- well past the hard mark -RRB- and still got centers not fully cooked.Ours might have been a dud , but my guess is that this item does n't really account for altitude . Caveat emptor for those who live above 5000 feet ...
 Emits a strong `` fiberglass '' smell when boiling eggs . As egg shells are quite permeable , I 'm concerned that some of the resin components may migrate into the eggs . I 'm returning this and getting a conventional timer .
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 i bought this screen and hoped it would keep the stove top clean whilst i sauteed or fried food . i used it twice and it worked well . the third time i placed it on top of my cast iron skillet where the hamburgers were grilling and the screen caught fire at the edge . it was a small fire but big enough to burn a hole thru the screen and i no longer want to use it and take a chance of another fire . think twice before buying this
 I was initially impressed by Tovolo 's innovative splatter screen make-over . However , all my enthusiasm dissolved upon my first usage when the handle repeatedly separated from the screen . Moreover , the screen does not work well at all with a pan that is smaller than the metal rim . I was afraid the silicone was going to melt right onto my pan . I found it sufficiently worthless that I threw the thing away after 2 or 3 attempts to use it . Did n't these guys ever try it out ??!!
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 What you have here is basically an incredibly overpriced and unwieldy stopwatch.Having coached track and field and cross-country for 20 years I 've had plentyof experiences -LRB- mostly bad -RRB- with this product.You name it and it has gone wrong -LRB- with 3 different S149 's . -RRB- Paper jams , time locks , total timer failure are the norm with this Edsel of watches.You 're better of spending $ 60.00 to $ 70.00 on a dependable handheld watch with 100lap memory and multiple split functions.If you 're dead set on buying one of these , get one on Ebay and save yourself $ 100 - $ 200 . Then again you 'd be better off with a sundial than with an S149.The Pet Rock of Watches
 First of all , this very expensive printing stop watch comes without instructions or an owner 's manual . I went online to get a PDF to tell me how to set up the paper , how to work the stopwatch , etc.When it came time to change the paper , the printer stopped working . It no longer prints out the splits , it only prints out the message `` STIT TI '' . I looked online to see what this might mean and someone else posted the same problem , but there was no solution . Do n't waste your money !
 The coaster set is OK but washed out and flat looking -- not anywhere as colorful as the picture . Probably would not have bought it if I could have seen the set in person . What happened to the `` Glow '' ?
 We bought these coasters thinking they would actually absord the condensation from our cold beverages . Instead , the moisture merely pools on top of the coaster so that every time you pick up your glass it drips on the coffeetable , the floor , you . They look nice but are not very useful . Plus , one arrived broken ; cracked into three large pieces .
 They are not at all what I expected . A cheap dull scan . For the price I was expecting something completely different . I am going to see If I ca n't get my money back .
 While I was expecting a great mix of brown , beige , and black to go with some new furniture , these coasters had an overall pink hue to them . I love pink , but they did not go with this decor .
 I can not speak for the product 's usefulness . I am merely writing to say that these do NOT like at all like they do online . I bought them as a gift , mostly b/c of the bright colors and contrast . I thought I 'd received the wrong set when I received them . The colors are much more muted , there is little contrast . All in all , not that attractive . Also , the box was ripped , so I 'm hesitant to give them as the gift they were intended .
 In the picture they look like a really nice rock appearance but instead they ACTUALLY look like a cheap pasted on picture . Even if they get wet and absorb some water they do not look nice .
 Sandstone ruined with ugly prints . The image is not like reality and at no point does the description say they are prints !!! I may try to sand the image off.update
 The design is clearly a scanned image . They 're fine to be used under a glass , but I would n'tbuy for their decorative value.Picture is much darker than the washed out version I received.b
 The coasters are NOT glossy or made of pretty stones as they appear . They look like a cardboard printout picture of the rocks on top of a coaster . Absolutely dissatisfied and NOT at all worth the price . These look like something I would have paid 3 dollars for at a thrift store , not to mention I bought them new and they have clearly been used . DO NOT buy this item .
 I got this for a present . When it arrived it was such cheap quality that I never gave it away . The color does n't look deep and dark like the picture but red and flat . No one would ever mistake it for real stone . The sides of each thick coaster are not printed and look awful . It also did n't come with a holder for the coaster set . It arrived cracked and the first time I used it , it cracked again from falling off the coffee table . Do not buy , please !
 Nothing like the picture . It 'll cost more to return this junk than it will be worth so , I 'll just live with them . Buyer beware , these are dollar store items , phony looking stone .
 There are a whole series of these sandstone coasters but I 've discovered that the designed appears obviously printed and hence cheap .
 I ca n't recommend this product . Like the other reviews say , it 's a scanned on image that looks awful . I 'm returning mine and after I get my refund I 'm going to buy some plain sandstone coasters .
 You get what you pay for I suppose . I recommend spending a few extra bucks and getting something that does n't bow in the middle with a standard curtain on it .
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 I was looking for a simple orange peel to keep my fingernails from turning orange with residue . As Amazon gives FREE shipping on discounts on orders over a certain amount , I compromised on this orange peeler to get the free shipping.Unlike the simple peeler I grew up with , this one was BULKIER in width . The serrated edge to slice the peel 's skin does n't work well unless you pull it down at a certain angle and with a certain amount of pressure . If you 're not careful , you may slice your own finger . The end that 's used to pull up the peel from the flesh of the fruit would work better if the slicer worked better . But as it does n't , the tool is rather inadequate all around . It 's functional but not superior .
 I got this and it 's far inferior to the other styles available on line here as well as from pampered chef and othersources . As others said , it is bulkier and has edges that chew up the inside of a padded lunchbox . The older styles actually work better and do n't cut the orange sections up when scoring the peel .
 I purchased several different brands of orange peelers , this one did not work for me as well as the Tupperware versions . It sure is hard to improve on such a simple and useful device . This one does help you peel oranges but it has some sharp saw teeth that might hurt someone especially young children -LRB- or ME ! -RRB- .
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 The magnet I received was not what was pictured under this listing . The one I received says `` if looks could kill women would n't need frying pans '' but the one in the listing says `` a real friend will help you hide the body . '' Very disappointed . I 'd be happy to remove my review if the problem is fixed in the listing and in my order .
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 I have been an avid senseo fan for about a year . However , I was getting a bit bored drinking the same Dark Roast every morning -LRB- I found the other flavors too mild -RRB- . So I was very happy when I saw the new flavors -LRB- Sumatra , Colombia , Kenya and Brazil -RRB- . Sumatra and Columbia are the two that I liked . I found the Kenya blend to be mild and sweet . Even my wife , who previously used Hazelnut did not like it too much .
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 The magnet I received was not what was pictured under this listing . The one I received says `` if looks could kill women would n't need frying pans '' but the one in the listing says `` a real friend will help you hide the body . '' Very disappointed . I 'd be happy to remove my review if the problem is fixed in the listing and in my order .
 I finally had to send this back even though it was a great price . First off it was very loud which does n't sound like a big problem but when you use the timer in the morning and not everyone in the house needs to get up it can be annoying . Second , on 2 different occasions the coffee ground compartment opened during brewing and made a mess . I did learn that a reconditioned product is just like new this one just had some design flaws .
 Talk about a love hate relationship.This coffee maker brews great coffee . You 'll definitely be wanting to send your old Mr. Coffee off to college with the kids and keeping this one . The ` coffee bar ' brewing system does indeed improve coffee flavor . The temperature control is a great feature as is the timer control for the hot plate.On the downside , like most prima donnas , this maker can get a bit tempermental . Our first one had an annoying tendency of plugging up and spilling coffee all over the counter . Then it died completely -LRB- hate time -RRB- . We sent it back to Cuisinart who were just superb -LRB- love again -RRB- . They replaced it with a new one and even added a reusable filter . Turnaround time was good and we are back in business.The new maker 's performed flawlessly now for a couple of months . The only problem I now have is that between this maker and the fact that Folger 's now sells their Columbian coffee in bean form I really ca n't stand that slop that the office Bunn brews . Oh well , maybe Santa will bring me a really good thermos .
 Like most of the other reviews , I loved this coffee maker when I first got it . It looks cool , the coffee pot does n't drip when you pour it , the coffee tastes awesome , and it has some great bells and whistles like temperature control.BUT ... This coffee maker has some problems . The filter basket where you put the filter and coffee in is tricky . I made the mistake a couple of times of thinking I had shut it closed all the way , only to find it was ajar just the slightest bit , which caused water and coffee grounds to overflow over the basket and make a h uge mess all over my kitchen counter . You have to make sure it is shut securely , and it is very easy to think you have when you actually have n't . Also , the coating on the coffee pot heating element is cracking and peeling on mine , and emitting a noxious odor . I have n't had this coffee maker for that long , and now I have to replace it . So , even though I got this coffee maker for 50 % off , I have n't saved any money because I 've had to replace it too soon .
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 It is completely non-functional - just bought it 3 months ago and now I ca n't do anything with it . It never went below 60 degrees when it worked .
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 Wanted a nice natural box to store my wedding dress . The box looks nice , the material is good , but it does not stand up on its own ! Returned .
 Nice TV stand for the Samsung 61 '' TV we purchased . However , I have seen them on other web sites for wayyyyy less money than what we paid at Best Buy . You should n't pay more than $ 100.00 for the stand . Unfortunately , we did . Than we purchased a wood stand that looks much better for our decor and moved this one into our bedroom . Still a nice stand but pricey .
 The first time I ordered this coffee , it was great . But the second time , it was undrinkable . A couple months later I ordered again thinking it was just a bad batch . But no , it was still undrinkable . These pods produce something that has no similarity to coffee.Thanks to Amazon for making good on both bad orders with a refund .
 Find the Colombian blend too strong these days . More expensive way to purchase in the 4 pack . Will not again buy this blend or amount again
 Ok , I had hopes for this as I really like Columbian coffee . I was very disappointed . It is nasty . Really off taste . i would much prefer Nescafe Classico instant !
 Anyone who really loves a gourmet cup of coffee will HATE this ! It 's burnt , bitter , weak , battery-acid ! And , as consequence , those coffee lovers may begin to hate their new Senseo -- but take heart ! Many online coffee shops now offer decent to delectable coffees at prices that rival this cheap swill . I do n't specifically want to endorse any one product or online retailer but do a google search for `` senseo compatible pods '' and you 'll find several on the first page . Also , please note that while these may initially seem pricier , most third party pods work with JUST ONE to make an 8-ounce cup instead of the two pods that Senseo brand products demand . You do the math and it works out to be a comparable costing cup of joe . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The brand of Senseo that came with my little coffee pod machine was stronger than I liked so I tried a four pack of Columbiacoffee and the first pod was so strong that it upset my stomach . The next two were terrible and I dumped both cups . Since then I have tried diluting each pod with some water but the rotten taste persists . I bought a large coffee at a popular drive in and it was really strong and would have been refused back in the WWII era . NEEDLESS TO SAY , NEVER ANOTHER SENSEO COFFEE POD IN MY HOUSE , EVER AGAIN!I do n't blame Amazon for my mistakes but it really irks me to throw out twenty some dollars worth of worthless SENSEO coffee pods . Will keep the pod machine to heat water for tea . My suggestion is for people to buy coffee and filters from your local stores , at least most of it is drinkable and so much cheaper !
 This is a senseo coffee product , but the Colombia Blend does not reflect the coffee perfection attained by the Dutch DOUWE EGBERTS company . While this flavor carries the DOUWE EGBERTS logo , it does not produce the flavor I have come to expect . Weaker flavor . Maybe a &#34; blend &#34; means less arrabbica bean content .
 It is completely non-functional - just bought it 3 months ago and now I ca n't do anything with it . It never went below 60 degrees when it worked .
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 This clock base is not well designed to hold heavy Weems & Path clock . Base is not wide enough depth-wise to securely hold clock . Returned it and ordered similar base with back panel , which works much better as you can secure top of clock to back panel with a small screw .
 I am currently looking for the Dallas Cowboys -LRB- side and front -RRB- panels for this SkyBox by Maytag vending machine , since I am having no luck at all , can not find that particular team anywhere . These here are out of stock , and the wrong team , so if anyone out there knows where i can find/buy them online , please reply and let me know.Thank you !
 I bought one of these from Target about 8 months ago . I took it home and was really happy with it for about a week . It makes great coffee and keeps it hot longer . After a few days though , it quit brewing a whole pot . It would stop about halfway or less through the brewing cycle . It took it back and got a new one . It lasted about 8 months and started doing the same thing . I think there 's some sort of design defect . Too bad , its a great machine , when it works .
 This teacup has a beautiful design , but I was very disappointed when I received it . The cup and saucer were much thicker than I would have expected for a china teacup ! It also had a problem with the scalloped design for the foot of the cup as this caused the cup to rock as it sat on the saucer . I sent it back as I could not imagine trying to drink tea from this cup !
 I think I need to return it because it does not sharpen my knives . It is difficult to use and my husband has tried multiple times and they just do n't feel sharp to me . I think I will go the professional route instead .
 Used this spatula to make scrambled eggs . Fit my skillet wonderfully , worked really well folding the eggs in the pan . However when I was washing it i found that it had melted along the edge of the large end . Very disappointed by that .
 We received the press as a wedding present , and I used it regularly for loose leaf tea . It worked really well until a couple of months ago when the shoulder nut came loose when I pulled the plunger out and the mesh stayed stuck to the bottom of the carafe . I tried to pry it out to no avail . I e-mailed Bodum asking if there was a solution to getting the mesh unstuck from the bottom , but never received a reply . For such an expensive item , I think a quick e-mail is in order.While the carafe functions well in keeping tea warm and no leaves ever got out , I 'm disappointed in the quality and in Bodum 's customer service .
 So far I have not had good coffee in this press . I am still trying to get the right amount of grounds . It does not keep the coffee hot like I had expected .
 I usually just read reviews and use them to make my purchase decisions . I actually did the same with the Bodum Columbia 12 cup press . That 's why I 'm writing this . This product has recieved many positive reviews and I felt compelled to buy it . I have to say that I was not a great product for me . It simply does not keep the coffee hot very long -LRB- I even pre-warmed the carafe with very hot water -RRB- . Now ... I like my coffee hot . So , if just warm is OK with you , maybe this is not an issue . I found that the lid did not fit very tight . Maybe that was the problem . Anyway , I returned it and found a BonJour thermal coffee press a TJ Maxx for $ 24.99 which is smaller -LRB- 1 liter or 33.8 oz. , called 8 cup -RRB- but actually keeps the coffee hot for well over an hour . It 's a little small for 2 people but I like it better because it 's vacuum insulated . I can always make another pot if we want more . BTY , the coffee tastes really good out of both presses .
 I have used Bodum french presses for over 20 years . When the glass carafe on our 12-cup Chambord broke we decided to go with the stainless steel -LRB- afterall , you should n't ever have to buy another one , right ? -RRB- . The added bonus of double-wall thermal insulation clinched the deal . Unfortunately , that 's where the happy story ends . First , be very careful if you 're comparing this product to the one on the Bodum website . The model I received is the older Columbia , not the newer model and as a `` close-out '' -LRB- although they do n't tell you that -RRB- it should have been priced much lower . Being the older model , it does n't have the safety lid Bodum touts and it comes with a single piece plastic and rubber mesh instead of the 3-piece stainless mesh . Because it would cost $ 12 - $ 15 to send it back we decided to try it out ; besides , how bad could it really be ? We made our coffee as we had before and noticed the wall of the press was considerably cooler than the glass -- that 's a good thing . However , as a double-walled stainless steel press I would have thought it would maintain the temperature at least as well as my travel mug ; not even close . After about an hour the temperature of the coffee has dropped to the point you have to reheat it or drink it less than hot . Probably the biggest complaint is after you 've brewed your coffee and you 're ready to pour , it is extremely difficult to rotate the lid without a hot pad . Not only is it tight -LRB- a good thing , I guess -RRB- , the lid gets so hot you do n't dare touch it with your bare hands for more than a split second . So much for double-wall insulation , all the heat just goes out the lid ! Fortunately , Liquid Planet , the company from whom we purchased this item , will take it back within 30 days for any reason . As much as I hate to spend $ 12 - $ 15 and have nothing for it , I 'm not willing to live it .
 I used this for a couple of weeks , and it was okay . Then it started leaking and now it no longer keeps my coffee hot for even a couple of hours . Not a good buy .
 This Thermos starting leaking on the fourth use , about a week after it arrived in the mail . I checked the bottom , made sure it was screwed tight , and all other parts looked like they are secure . Still leaks . I 'll be returning it ASAP .
 Thermos is fine . Customer service lacking . Received wrong size . Ordered17 oz was sent 35 oz . E-mailed about problem - no response . Still waiting ...
 The container works great but it is very fragile . If you drop it or put ice directly into the room termperature container , the inside glass insulation will shatter . I 've bought four of these things and they all would break one way or the other . Not good unless you handle them gingerly and do n't travel with them .
 Started leaking out the bottom in less than a week . Cheap price but another lesson in you get what you pay for .
 the original bowl and blade got some scratches/bubbling after about two years use . I purchased replacement parts for appx $ 90 . . it is very expensive for only a bowl and blade . However the quality of replacement parts is very bad , coating started to peel after a few uses . The warranty is 3 month only , and you have to pay shipping both ways . The machine does make good bread , but with the bad coating , I am not sure if it is safe to eat
 I ordered this one first and I used one time and kept getting error message . I am sending back . I noticed other reviews are stating the same thing .
 Mine lasted less than a dozen uses before sudden failure to run . I was past the warranty time , so did n't return it . In my opinion , it 's overpriced for the features . The pan is tiny . I should have returned it as soon as it arrived.I bought the newer model 2 lb machine ; it 's great . Live and learn .
 I bought this bread machine to replace one I had for a good 20 years by National . The National was great and just died of old age . I went by the ratings for the Zojirushi and am very disappointed . I attempted to make 4 loaves going by their recipe and only one of the loaves turned out half way decent . I found that most of the time the ingredients just sit there , no kneading , resting they call it ! Well all I would get at the end is a burned up mess of unstirred ingredients . I have returned it to amazon for a refund .
 I purchased the Zojirushi 1-lb Bread Machine . I placed all ingredients in baking pan as instructed and started baking process . My husband and I went out for dinner and when we came back we were greeted by the fire truck . The entire house was filled with black smoke and the machine had started a fire . My dog and cat had to be taken to the pet emergency clinic for smoke inhalation . I ca n't believe that Amazon still has this machine on their website after I reported this incident on the phone with them . My house could of been burned down to the ground !!
 There are several scratches inside ... Looks somebody returned it before , and I got it ...
 The bucket is too small.Followed a recipe for basic bread from their book , dough spilled over the edge and made a mess inside machine , a lot of smoke also.I was lucky to be at home and switched it off.Customer support told me that I probably put too much flour -LRB- did not measure it right -RRB- . I am not confident it would not happen in future again , so I returned it to Amazon for refund .
 Had read reviews & bought it . Worked beautifully the first 2 weeks , now it seems that the paddle is not mixing up the dough at all & I have a gooey mess ! Im sending for a replaceemnt as I have faith in the reviews but Im only willing to give it one more try !
 Do n't hate it , still waiting for it to arrive . Was suppose to be here on the 11th , and I 'm still waiting .
 The reviews for this bread maker were so encouraging . It is quiet and mechanically works well , but we did n't care for the product it produced . We tried several times using the recipes in the accompanying manual . Not one of the attempts came out satisfactory - we are returning it and looking for another brand .
 I replaced my wonderful Dinner for Two bread machine that is no longer made with the Zojirushi Mini . It bakes a beautiful loaf , once I started using the soft crust setting , but it has absolutely no taste , when toasted it has an airy texture . I have made the basic white and a part whole wheat neither taste like bread .
 I just put it back in the box for good.made two loaves with it , was very disappointed with results . Dough did not rise properly resulting compact , dense bread . Make your own freehand and bake it when the time is right.Expensive lesson
 I like to make my own bread . But I find that I do n't make it as often as I like because it is very time consuming . So , I decided to buy a bread machine.Unfortunately , despite the glowing reviews and my own sister 's recommendation , this product did not live up to my expectations . Every loaf I made did not rise as much as I would like and the bottom crust always turned out tough and almost burned.Faced with the decision to have inferior bread on a more frequent basis , or much better bread on an irregular basis , I decided to return this and go back to making bread by hand .
 I still have other products made by zojirushi that have lasted over 3-4 years . But this one is disappointment.Here is why :1 -RRB- Used only commercial available high quality breadmix and yeast from day one the bread was less than normal quality in terms of baking function . I was still happy for 1st year as it was atleast doing the grunt work of getting bread ready regardless of baking quality .2 -RRB- after one year no matter what yeast or what breadmix I try , the dough never rise enough and baking makes it like stone hard no matter what setting i tried.I even tried rising the dough outside with manual method and just added dough back to this machine for baking and it still does not bake it right . My whole experimentation with this zojirushi machine is failure.Only thing this machine can do is knead the dough for you and still functioning after 3 years for kneading only.Thanks
 The bread maker is the number one appliance in my kitchen . I use it at least once a week . I have toyed with recipes and finally found the perfect loaf . The machine is 5 Stars . However ... The kneeding blade sheds it 's non-stick coating , a thin plastic like film . With all of the reported toxic effects from plastics that break down with heat , I am concerned about this . I called the company . I was told to buy a new blade . That does n't address the problem at all . The new blade will have the same problem . The price charged for a new blade on this website , $ 11 , is outrageous considering that replacing blades will be an ongoing expense.Zojirushi needs to find a coating or an alloy that will provide a non-stick blade that does n't shed possible toxins into the bread . In my phone call they would n't address the toxin issue.Oh , the bread pan looks to be coated with the same film . So far no shedding from the pan .
 I have a large bread maker which I was using less and less because of it 's size . I thought getting the `` mini '' breadmaker would work better . I like the size of the smaller machine as I can keep it on my counter and handle it easily . However , I was very disappointed in the quality of the bread . I tried 3 different recipes . One was the Seven Grain Bread recipe using the `` Firm '' setting . It came out damp and soggy ; the Cheese and Onion just did n't work at all -- did n't rise ; was just a lump . I tried a modified recipe with partial bread flour and wheat flour . That worked the best , but the loaf was very small , hard , and lumpy . It was very difficult to get decent shaped slices from it . I guess I 'll go back to my large breadmaker or just make bread the old fashioned way .
 The lids are a little fiddly to open and close since they have no handles , are completely flat , and sit flush with the lip of the container . That 's particularly a problem on a sugar bowl , which gets opened and closed every time someone takes some sugar out . I can see it would just be a matter of time until one of my guests tips over the bowl trying to get it open or closed . It 's not that you ca n't open the lid -- you can -- but why would you want to give your guests a test of manual dexterity after a relaxing dinner ? I love the look of the clean , sleek , minimalist design -LRB- I have the matching coffee press and it 's great -RRB- , but this is a case of aesthetics compromising functionality . I wo n't be using these .
 Nice looking set . However , the creamer has a serious flaw . The opening is too small and the coffee creamer tends to plug up the opening after one use . A shame they could n't design it a little better .
 They are nice but a lot smaller than I anticipated . This is a serving set for when some one comes over for tea/coffee , not to keep on your kitchen counter for daily use - which is why I bought it . It is really cool looking though .
 We actually waited for the toilet to be clear before attempting to use this -LRB- It clogs every day -RRB- , and we were hoping this would push through whatever must be further down the pipe than the plunger can help with . All it did was get jammed about 6 '' into the toilet 's drain . HOPELESSLY JAMMED ! There was nothing to prevent it from moving forward except the u-bend of the toilet , and apparently , the broad knob at the end of the auger was too large to take the tight turn . The more my husband and I tried , the more the ball-shaped knob at the end became crushed and twisted , but it never would take that turn through the tube . What a waste of money . I ca n't believe I paid extra to overnight this piece of junk .
 AFter my first Bodum kettle exploded -LRB- ! -RRB- in my kitchen , the company offered me this kettle as compensation . This is my experience after a few days of use : The first problem is filling the kettle , because if you have recently boiled water in it , there is so much condensation on the top that you ca n't really see the `` max-indication '' . However this does not cause any harm to the user.The second problem is removing the tip of the kettle after boiling water . The tip has to remain on while attempting to boil water , or the water does not reach boiling point . However , when the user tries to remove the tip , the hole and the metal piece which one has to pull are perfectly aligned - which ensures being burnt by steam while trying to remove the tip . Also , the tip obviously expands when hot , so it is stuck and very difficult to remove , ensuring additional burns.Finally , when the user has succeeded in removing the tip , he must poor water into something . The handle of the kettle has been designed perfectly to ensure additional burning , because the steam rises directly up to the hand , unless you hold the handle where there is no insulation - which obviously just gives you a different kind of burn.As if this were not enough , there is something wrong with the weight distribution of the kettle . I am not an architect or industrial designer , but as a user of average height and strenght , I find it very difficult to handle , whether the water is hot or cold.I would advise against purchasing this product . Bodum , please retract this item from the market , before some child attempts to make his mother a cup of tea .
 DANGER !!! This is the most dangerous tea kettle ever ! Both my son and I got burned using it . The handle is not completely covered and the metal gets red hot . In addition , the steam comes up and hits your hand when you hold the covered part of the handle . If that was n't bad enough , you must remove the cap to pour water and the cap only has a metal -LRB- which gets red hot -RRB- handle attached with which you can remove it ! This product needs to be taken off from the market !
 Have tried to contact seller to no avail . The toilet seat is beautiful but sold as a standard size . It is not ! supposedly adjustable but it is not . The seat will not stay up because of the elongated fit . Very bothered that the seller will not respond .
 Although these `` Cranberry '' towels perfectly match the 50 's style American Standard `` Loganberry '' tiles and fixtures , they have failed in three different ways . 1 -RRB- After three washes including one drying with a Bounce cloth in the dryer they continue to retain a high level of lint . It comes off all over me after a shower plus everything else in the wash . 2 -RRB- Although soft to touch , they do n't even dry my short hair . This very same problem was observed by my sister who purchased a neutral color and praised Egyptian cotton for its absorbancy . She is returning hers for lack of absorbancy . 3 -RRB- Both I and my sister noticed that at the third wash the towels were starting to pile and form loose threads . I found myself spending 10 minutes per towel trying to valet them .
 Towels looked great when they arrived . We put them in the washer and dryer before first use and the lint they released was almost overwhelming so we washed them again . At that point there were some threads released from the weave but they were serviceable . At first use the towels barely absorbed water . Moisture remained on the surface of the towel , was cold and further drying felt like you were using a soaked , wet towel to try to dry because of the unabsorbed water . This particular color of towel is n't worth the price even if they were free . In contrast some ginger colored towels from the same source and manufacturer , were better yet not what good towels should be . Never again !
 These towels tore and fell apart within a few months of very light guest use . The quality is extremely poor .
 These towels leave lint everywhere ... Even after washing ... They are Made in India , and are cheap quality ... Since when did Christy 's of England start making their hand towels in India ? The hand towels are still made in England , but these bath towels are some of the worst quality I 've seen : -LRB-
 To call this product highly absorbent is a real stretch . It 's one of those non-absorbent towel that smoothly skims the surface of your wet body but does n't take much water with it .
 We bought a complete set of these for our bathroom several months ago . After several washings they have left a ton of lint in the dryer filter and they STILL are not absorbant . They just do not dry you off . Period . Sure , they feel nice and cushy and they 're very pretty , but they do n't do the job . If I could return them I would , but unfortunately I did not buy them from Amazon .
 These towels are terrible . It says on the web page they are made in England but the tag on the towel says `` made in India '' so it is an outright deception . They are nowhere near the quality as those that used to be made in England that were sold by Linens N Things . BEWARE . You 've been warned .
 I ordered the towels , and when they arrived the color did not match the color on the computer . I returned the towels , following the instructions . I then received the amount to be credited to my charge card , which was much less than it should have been . For a $ 59.99 order , I was only credited $ 22 . Even if the shipping charges were deducted , and the return postage deducted , those charges could not have amounted to $ 37.99 . I have received not satisfaction from Amazon , since there is no one you can contact . I will never place an order with Amazon again , and suggest that noone use this company .
 I was very excited when I ordered these towels , but I must say I 've been disappointed . When I washed them before using them , a LOT of lint came off in both the washer and dryer , and they 're still shedding lint . In addition , they 're neither as soft nor as absorbent as much cheaper towels you can get from Target or Kmart . In contrast , we also got the Eloquence towels , and I have been THRILLED with them - very absorbent , and very soft .
 These are pretty and reasonably soft , but not at all durable . After only a wash or two the edges were already becoming frayed . I have to say I 'm disappointed , especially given the price .
 I would n't buy again . I was expecting to get 2 rings based on the picture shown with the product . You get only one and the shipping costs much more than the ring . My fault , though . I did n't read the description carefully . However , I wish I had gotten a metal ring because the terracotta can easily slip off the light bulb and break .
 Sorry I orederd this ... waste of money , buy a candle instead ... Does n't fit on a bulb containing a lamp !!!
 The magnet I received was not what was pictured under this listing . The one I received says `` if looks could kill women would n't need frying pans '' but the one in the listing says `` a real friend will help you hide the body . '' Very disappointed . I 'd be happy to remove my review if the problem is fixed in the listing and in my order .
 Other reviews misled me into thinking I was getting a set of bowls . NOT THE CASE . This is just ONE bowl . Look around for other sets . This price is outrageous for just one bowl .
 I bought this thinking I was buying a set of 4 bowls . I gave it 2 stars because the bowl is fine , however there needs to be a better discription stating that you are only buying ONE bowl .
 After reading that corelle plates are not completely lead and cadmium free , I decided to switch to glass ! The levels are supposedly in the `` safe '' range , but I 'd rather go with glass ones that I know have zero heavy metals . Plus , it 's made in china .
 This bowl held a large portion of cereal just fine . While washing it , I dropped it from less than two feet onto a tiled floor . It shattered into hundreds of very small -LRB- between the size of a grain of rice and a grape -RRB- and very sharp fragments . I cut my hands and feet several times while cleaning up the mess .
 I bought this assuming I 'd get 4 bowls . Instead I got a box with tons of bubble wrap on one bowl.The bowl itself is nice enough . It just is n't worth $ 19.75 . This is a much better deal at $ 23.99 Corelle Livingware Corelle Fun Packs , Winter Frost White
 Very disappointed in this product . I dropped my bowl this morning and it shattered into several large and small pieces . I thought it was supposed to be `` Break and chip resistance for carefree durability '' . NOT !!!!!!!
 The scale consistently shows different weights . When you step off the scale and step back on , it shows a different weight . We have moved the scale to various locations without success .
 Purchased this scale from ITIN company and what a piece of junk this scale turned out to be ! Had the scale for about 1.5 years and it does not weigh accurately and now I have a error code that can not be reset . The book does not go in detail enough to reset the error code . The scale errors out at 38 pounds so you can not weigh anything heavier than 38 pounds!Follow the directions to calibrate the scale and that does nothing to get rid of the error code . Emailed the company I purchased the scale from and because the one year warranty is up , they do not want to know anything ! Asked for the manufacturer info and I was told China ! Looks like I have no way of sending this scale anywhere to be recalibrated so it is going in the trash ! Good chunk of money to spend on a scale that lasted 1.5 years and now because no one knows how to reset the error code the scale will now go to the trash ! Thats what $ 209.00 plus shipping gets you !
 The magnet I received was not what was pictured under this listing . The one I received says `` if looks could kill women would n't need frying pans '' but the one in the listing says `` a real friend will help you hide the body . '' Very disappointed . I 'd be happy to remove my review if the problem is fixed in the listing and in my order .
 The item listed is a three piece sugar bowl and creamer , which is supposed to include a covered sugar bowl and a 12 ounce cream pitcher . Beware , what you will receive is a sugar bowl only . I never could get Customer Service to understand my plight . I hope the product is labeled properly now . It 's a beautiful sugar bowl , but it is only half of what the seller promised for that price
 Product is probably wonderful , but company is wasting my time offering something that 's not available.I 've tried several times to order this item , only to get all the way through the process
 this is a bad buy . do n't waste your money . the product came broken . amazon was great about replacing it . read through some good reviews and thought that i should try them . man , every time i 'm washing the glass , if it slips , forget it . it 's broken or crack . on the other hand , the dishes and bowls are not bad . thin , but good enough . so unless you do n't mind buying other glasses to drink with , i would n't waste my money with this set .
 I gave it 1 star because I had to send back the first shipment , it was delivered by USPS with the dishes and glasses broken . So I returned it and the next shipment arrived and without even opening the box and you could hear pieces of glass just rattling inside . I had opened the shipping box on the first order and I thought it was packed ok . Amazon have been great on the returns , and if I had been home when the mailman dropped it off I would have refused shipment . I 'm glad for the people who got their orders shipped without damage , but I guess USPS in Ohio does n't care about it 's customers .
 Really nice and warm but you have to sit right on top of it . Would not recommend . Noth worth the money .
 The magnet I received was not what was pictured under this listing . The one I received says `` if looks could kill women would n't need frying pans '' but the one in the listing says `` a real friend will help you hide the body . '' Very disappointed . I 'd be happy to remove my review if the problem is fixed in the listing and in my order .
 this came to me bent and scratched up ... was not worth sending back even for the cost of shipping ... i would never order again
 Nice pattern , but you can not find the glasses that go with it .
 I purchased these bowls to go along with 3 sets of Corelle dinnerware which I gave as a gift . Although the products are excellent , Amazon ordered the bowls through a third party vendor , J&R Music World . J&R 's shipping charges are outrageous ! The shipping for the dinnerware through Amazon was free but the shipping charges on the bowls was as more than the cost of the bowls . -LRB- No exaggeration ! -RRB- Buyer beware !!!
 If this bowl falls off a coffee table onto a hardwood floor , it does n't just break , it detonates into a million super sharp slivers all over the room . No good for children , old people or disabled people . Other than that , great .
 I purchased these and 2 of the large plates broke during shipping . So much for being unbreakable .
 I expected a quality product from Tommy Hilfigar and was disappointed with the beach towel . It 's nearly ` paper thin ' and some parts of the weave were missing . Would recommend other quality towels from department stores !
 There were 2 SKU tags on the towel , one for the right design and one for the wrong . I was shipped the wrong one -LRB- same towel different color and picture -RRB- . It is thin fabric and disappointing .
 Thin and more of a nylon feel than thick cotton . Tore very easily and felt more like a bed sheet
 Do n't be fooled even though this item is listed as a `` Wild Tiger Rug '' you will actually get a Bear Rug instead . That being said ; we got this item as a present for my neice to give to her for Christmas ; it is very cheaply made and not very soft . I would not recommend this product .
 It 's adorable , but way too small - does n't hold enough cream for more than one cup of coffee .
 Do n't diislike the product , just did n't get that item so I can not actually rate it but they look nice .
 The colander is a pretty Barbie pink and it 's sturdy but after only a few months I 'm noticing rust on the underside edges where the enamel is too thin and water is getting into the metal below . It 's not major right now but it wo n't be long until this colander has to be tossed out . For the price , I expected higher quality craftsmanship.UPDATE
 I purchased this item three months ago thinking I was getting a commercial-grade product . The non-stick coating is already peeling.Save your money - this product is not worth it .
 I was disappointed with this ` mat ' as it was nothing but a towel . It was thin , much thinner than any mat I 've used . When it arrived , I thought a towel was sent by mistake.If you want plush , look elsewhere .
 I ordered this chair for a nursery and I am sending it back for several reasons . The chair was has hard has a rock . It was like sitting on the floor . Also the back of the chair came up to just under my shoulders and I am not a tall person . I wanted to be able to lean my head back.The fabric and the look of the chair was very nice , but it was just so uncomfortable .
 I ordered this chair for a nursery and I am sending it back for several reasons . The chair was has hard has a rock . It was like sitting on the floor . Also the back of the chair came up to just under my shoulders and I am not a tall person . I wanted to be able to lean my head back.The fabric and the look of the chair was very nice , but it was just so uncomfortable .
 This chair is very cute , but it does not rock -LRB- and the little that it does , you have to really exert yourself - even on a hard floor -RRB- . The back sits well below the shoulders so there is no head support . It sits low to the ground as well . I am short , so sitting in it was fine for me , but my husband who is 6 feet tall had a harder time getting in and out . I bought it for the Children 's nursery , so it did not fulfill what I needed in any way . If you like the look of it and just want to sit , it will work . But if you want the rock or head support , this is not the chair to get .
 i guess you get what you pay for ... . would not hold the proper humidity but a nice looking box would not use it for cigars ... jsr
 I love panini . This does make a good sandwich but it is awkward to use . It would work great on the grill or over a fire when the long handles would be a good thing . On the stove in the kitchen , they are too long . I would not recommend this .
 There seem to be two Oster-compatible stainless steel blender jars out there . The first is just the jar and lid , which is this one . It is basically junk.There are no actual true screw threads on the bottom of the jar -- just a molded thread-like ridge which fails to tightly seal against the bottom cap . In fact , even if you do manage to get it screwed on well , the jar randomly pops out of the cap during blending -- disaster.Even the included rubber top lid does n't fit the jar well -- you might as well just put a dinner plate on top of the jar . I 'm going to return this trash and try the other , slightly more expensive Oster-compatible steel jar , the one that includes the bottom cap . The image makes it look as if there are actual threads on the bottom of that one . My suspicion is that this is a dime-store knockoff , and that the $ 24 one is actually made by Oster -LRB- or at least , someone reputable -RRB- .
 The table had a nice shape and size , but the workmanship had some problems . The circular section of wood -LRB- below the horizontal table top surface -RRB- appeared to have a wooden veneer applied to it . There are two -LRB- 2 -RRB- areas where the veneer appeared to have cracked apart and showed a non-stained wood that is a light color and is very noticeable next to the dark mahogany color of the rest of the table . In the lower section , there is a triangular , horizontal plate that the bottom legs bolt/screw through is not stained one vertical area near the corner where legs fit into . It is a very noticeable spot because of the light colored wood next to the mahogany stained wood sections.The seller company did refund my money after I contacted them with the problems and returned the table .
 This blender blade/cutter does not work well for pureeing foods that are anything but thin and watery . This is caused by excessive pitch to the blades that results in overly strong pumping action and cavitation . i.e. , when used to puree significantly viscous foods , the blades draw a lot of air down and end up not circulating the contents but only working the lower portion . My sense is that the pitch of the blades needs to be reduced about 50 % .
 Be warned , this is not a Genuine Oster replacement part . It is made in Mexico . The blender is working with the part , but it does not sound the same , it seems like it is cutting through my smoothie ingredients differently than the original . I hope it holds up . I would not have purchased it if I had known .
 These are not Genuine Oster made parts . I made the mistake of ordering 2 . The blades are ice repellant . They wo n't crush ice very well at all . The seller 's return policy requires their receipt that was sent with the product . I tossed that before ever testing the blades . Live and learn . I just received genuine Oster blades from another vendor on Amazon and they work perfectly .
 I ordered this Blender Blade Cutter and received the Ice Crushing Blade instead , which is a cheaper product . So Leo 's Discount , Inc. is using the old `` BAIT and SWITCH '' routine on it 's customers ! In addition , one of the blades on the ice crusher is bent ! There is a much sharper pitch to these blades than the blender blade cutter . In addition I do not believe that these are actually GENUINE Oster blades because the top blade is not attached with a bolt-like attachment as pictured . It is attached with a square piece of smashed down metal ! I believe these may be FAKE , knock-off products from Asia that are put into fake Oster boxes , or Oster is not the company it once was . The metal blades are also much thinner on this part than my original part and they SHOULD be thicker if they were to actually crush ice ! Amazon should BAN Joe 's Discount , Inc. from selling on their site because Joe 's Discount is DISHONEST . And this is why someone else complained abut the sharp pitch to their blades . They probably got the same cheaper ice crushing blade as I did instead of what they ordered . I will NEVER buy anything from Joe 's Discount again ! It is not a large sum of money , but it is still a rip off !
 The product is well known and good.But , unfortunately I ordered the part from a company which did not send me the product -LRB- even though it promptly charged the price on my credit card -RRB- and failed to reply my e-mails complaining the lateness -LRB- and now no-show -RRB- of the product to my address.Shame on them.I am taking measures through my credit card company to get my money back !
 I had borrowed a Pelonix heater which was extremely easy to operate , could be set at temperatures varying by one degree increments , would remain in this mode until turned off , and was somewhat cheaper than the Lasko machine you shipped me which has none of these features . Please let me know if you carry the Pelonix line . Robert Cryan
 A dinner plate was broken during the shipment . Need to be handled with extra care . Not durable . But I thought it had good price and it looks nice .
 ridiculously complicated timer - requires 4 steps just to set the timer going . on top of that , it 's WAAAAAAY over-priced . Returned for refund .
 This spoon is not long enough to be a tea spoon , it is more like a coffee spoon .
 I was very disappointed by the cheap quality of the pendulum and the frame around the clock . It certainly was not the quality I expected from a Howard Miller product . I sent it back the next day .
 Am so disappointed . This clock is poor quality . The pendulum is plastic and really looks quite pathetic . I am returning today as I feel embarrassed to display on my wall . I agree with a previous review , you certainly can pay much more for a clock , but for this quality , I expect to pay much much less .
 I expected a quality product from Tommy Hilfigar and was disappointed with the beach towel . It 's nearly ` paper thin ' and some parts of the weave were missing . Would recommend other quality towels from department stores !
 There were 2 SKU tags on the towel , one for the right design and one for the wrong . I was shipped the wrong one -LRB- same towel different color and picture -RRB- . It is thin fabric and disappointing .
 Thin and more of a nylon feel than thick cotton . Tore very easily and felt more like a bed sheet
 Buyer beware ! This item did not come as expected . I bought 5 of these filters for my vacuum . I thought I was getting the genuine Eureka filter for my Eureka vacuum based on the picture . Boy was I wrong . Not only were they not the genuine Eureka filters , but they were n't individually packaged so some of the folds of the filters were damaged when they were put in the box for shipping . I wo n't be ordering these from here again !
 The item is not a genuine Eureka filter as the picture and description indicate . I received an aftermarket filter.It may be a good filter , and I might have purchased it anyway , but I do n't like being deceived . There was another review with the same issue . This should have been corrected .
 This were to be my `` adding sunshine '' to my lunch or breakfast treats . They do n't look so after baking . I will not buy again . I am writing to Reynolds and see if they can come up with a happy face foil print .
 a small cheap useless thing to add to the clutter on the counter ... . they are hard to deal with on returns ...
 I bought this mattress a week ago . I observed that the price is the most expensive brand in Amazon for similar items . I was hoping it 's better pad than other competitor.My opinion is it 's a total ripp-off . The mattress is so thin with very little magnetic on it .
 I have purchased 2 of these ... one from Amazon & one from a local store . Each time one of the ears breaks off and ca n't be used . I have the salt ball like this and it does n't have that problem . Must be the pepper is too hard to grind . .
 RE
 The product size is completely misleading . This does not hold 8 cups -- it holds one liter/34 oz , which is less than 4 cups . The box itself says that it makes enough for `` 2 mugs . '' I thought I was purchasing something suitable for a family , but it is way , way too small . Please , Amazon , rewrite your description of this product .
 The mug looked great , but when washed , water migrated behind the plastic and ruined its appearance .
 After washing and using this mug for only ice water , my water tasted like the product smelled .
 I received my order promptly . Thanks Amazon ! I was really upset to find that many of the silverware pieces were scratched . I called and Amazon shipped out a 2nd set next day to me . Many of the 2nd set were scratched as well . I could not make one complete set out of the two sets so I am returning them both . I was very disappointed . It seems like they are irregulars or seconds and not first quality like I expected .
 I already owned a set of Reed & Barton flatware -LRB- different pattern -RRB- that I loved , so naturally I stuck with that brand when I started shopping for more . I have owned this flatware for almost a year . All of my pieces now have rust spots and I am ready to throw it in the trash . I would rather serve my guests with my daughter 's toddler set , than serve them with this ... afterall , it is MUCH better quality.I am now searching for a new set of flatware . During this process , I learned that this set is made in China . I wish I had known that ... it really makes a difference .
 I purchased this set based on a friend 's recommendation -LRB- she has a different pattern from same manufacturer for > 15 years -RRB- . The second time I washed it , two of the spoons rusted . I 'm returning the set and going with a different manufacturer .
 This product is a neat concept but I found that it does n't conform as easily as they make it look . In addition I do not find the support it offers to be all the great . It tends to be to bulky for my neck . Also the ends do not have the flexible spine in them like the middle does . So the consistency of the pillow is different depending on where you place your head and neck .
 Desk had manufacture defect on top and replacement parts had same defect front pull out had weak hinges so wont stay up would never buy from this company again
 I 'm sorry to say but I just received the desk -LRB- in 2 boxes -RRB- and the desk top has a huge crack along the side of it and on the underside . I have just requested a replacement top and hope for better results than the last reviewer who had a similar situation . The desk is very attractive and will take several hours to put together with less than perfect directions.Update - as of 8/26/12 no response from the seller regarding the damaged desk top . Downgraded 1 star due to lack of response . Sent second email and waiting for response .
 Although the desk is a wonderfully nice size , and aesthetically quite pleasing , the company really botched the whole experience for me . The first large shipment arrives with 2 boxes , and the extra large top-board of the desk has a large and obvious crack down the front . I order another one , which was admittedly easy , and rather than just replacing the one piece , they send me a wasteful package containing all other large pieces that were contained in the second box . This creates an obnoxious amount of waste and trash to deal with , and on top of it all , the second top-board also has a crack down it ! I could n't bear the idea of having them ship me a 3rd desk so i settled for it . In addition , the hinges that are supposed to keep the keyboard flip tray drawer upright , are faulty and the drawer is sagging when it is supposed to be in its upright position . I ordered a second set of hinges , and they send me the ENTIRE bag of hardware for the desk , and the second set are also faulty . I settle again , and end up buying some glue and gluing the drawer upright , so that it no longer has the feature of flipping up and down as a keyboard tray.A sad way to spend $ 200.00 , go with another desk , and another company .
 Wow ! for 18 bucks I presumed I would be getting a set of at least 4 spoons!Imagine my outrage when I opened the box and discovered one single spoon!I CHOKED!There is absolutely no reason to mark the price of a single spoon at $ 18 !
 This $ 18.75 item is not a set of spoons , it is a single spoon . Just one . Consider for a moment
 I was looking forward to receiving this product so I could get some things organized . When they arrived , several of the boxes were cracked . It seems Target sends them out with no packing material around them . I returned the first set and thought I would try again , but the second set arrived the same way , broken , with no packing material to protect them . I quess if they break that easy , they are n't worth buying . It was a very disappointing experience .
 The poster is grainy and of poor print quality , like someone took a small photograph and blew it up to a giant poster size . Not worth the money
 I 'm sorry to have to report that this product was n't very effective on our tub . Apparantly it works for some people , just not us . I ca n't recommend this product based on our experience .
 Ran it overnight and the cage started rattling . Weld on one of the cirrcular veins came loose . Exchanged it via amazon . Ran second fan overnight no problem . Second night SAME PROBLEM ... Weld on cage came loose and started rattling.Does a good job moving air . However , I would not recommend this fan because of the rattling .
 I paid for next day delivery and it did not come . I was refunded the next day fee . When the product was finally delivered it literally was a ball of cardboard and plastic wrap . The frame is bent so you can not tilt the fan and the control is broken.The kicker of the whole thing is that the only reason I bought it at Amazon was because I had a gift certificate to use . I found the fan at competitors web-sites for $ 20 less including shipping . Google Air King 9220 before buying this via Amazon .
 I did n't mind when Amazon took 2-3 business days to ship this Air King 20 Inch Model # 9220 fan . I was not happy to see that it was was shipped using Federal Express as a shipping carrier -LRB- who has less than impressed me on more than one previous occasion -RRB- , but decided to hope for the best.For no less three business days following Federal Express ' firmly stated delivery date -LRB- one full week after placing my original order -RRB- , a -LRB- not unusually , I have found over time -RRB- totally incompetent and incoherent Federal Express driver managed to not be able to find my apartment -LRB- as UPS and USPS routinely proves to be able to -RRB- , generating no less than three `` delivery exceptions '' in each of three working days that I stayed home all day solely for the purpose of accepting delivery . -LRB- Finally -RRB- , after formal complaints , and personally locating a Federal Express shipping supervisory employee at the local FedEx shipping center , the driver delivered the fan - simply dropped -LRB- with nearly zero packing material , which was itself a tad of useless thick brown paper in the box -RRB- into a single thin cardboard box that had been absolutely * ravaged * on multiple sides by Federal Express shipping personnel dropping/stacking additional heavier boxes on top of the thin and very beaten-up -LRB- single , not double -RRB- shipping box . I was not impressed -LRB- with Amazon 's shipping department , or with Federal Express ' carrier service -RRB- , to say the least ... When I stated that I would have to -LRB- after all of that grief -RRB- refuse the package due to damage to the thin and very beaten-up -LRB- single , not double -RRB- shipping box , the Federal Express driver allowed me to open the box and inspect the fan itself for physical damage . -LRB- Quite luckily , considering -RRB- , the product does not appear to have been crushed by outer impacts to the shipping container -LRB- as has happened before when Patton 20 Inch metal-blade fans have been shipped in a similarly inadequate and capricious manner in a single -LRB- only -RRB- shipping container . The fan -LRB- so far -RRB- appears to function OK.I thanked my lucky stars - but it may be -LRB- literally -RRB- `` hit or miss '' when it comes to YOUR AIR KING MODEL # 9220 - and strongly urge customers to actively state up-front to Amazon that they want the product to be properly packed in double-boxed shipping containers -LRB- or in a far more sturdy single box with meaningful and effective packing material actually protecting the product from damage due to outer impacts on the outer shipping container -RRB- . REALLY UNIMPRESSED with Amazon 's shipping department and their choice of the -LRB- historically proven in my multiple experiences -RRB- incompetent Federal Express service as a shipping carrier !!! Too early to rate the Air King Model # 9220 itself . It look 's nice on the outside ... The `` rotor-noise '' that the Air King Model # 9220 creates appears to be somewhat less than the -LRB- newer -RRB- 20 Inch metal-blade Patton fans -LRB- of which I have owned many -RRB- that , once purchased a few years ago by Holmes , are these days equipped with truly garbage-quality fan-motors , and make extra noise due to imbalances in the mechanical load combined with poor-quality motor-bearings . The -LRB- acquired/manufactured by Holmes -RRB- Patton have turned into short-lived garbage in the last few years . Here 's hoping that the Air King Model # 9220 delivers better quality and product-lifetime before failure , in keeping with it 's substantially higher retail price.A limited -LRB- mere -RRB- 1-Year Warranty exists on the Air King Model # 9220 motor -LRB- by far the most likely item to fail -RRB- , and a limited 3-Year Warranty exists for the rest of the parts of the Air King Model # 9220 fan assembly . It 's on the short `` flyer '' that arrives in the box with the product.I 'm going the process of purchasing only One Star because of the intentional choices on Amazon 's part to fail to appropriately pack the product , as well as for selecting the incompetent federal Express as a delivery carrier . Simply dumb and dumber -LRB- with the liabilities and hassles landing squarely on the customer -RRB- . Thanks , Amazon ...
 She says they are in stock , but they really are n't . You 'll have to wait weeks to get one - then summer will be over !
 I purchased this fan because I ca n't sleep without the sound of a fan running . The fan is powerful and sometimes all you hear is the blades spinning . Other times the fan makes an annoying rattling that does n't stop unless I point it directly at the ceiling .
 Was defective right out of the box . Contacted manufacturer since retailer refused to accept return . Manufacturer advised me to disassemble and attempt troubleshooting myself . Offered only to provide a new fan blade for me to install myself when a new unit should have been offered .
 I purchased the Air King fan and had it for 21/2 weeks . It worked well during that time . Then ... it just fell apart . The motor is mounted on the back grill and several of the welds that hold it in place broke . It is unusable and unrepairable . The seller , S&C Greenworld Supply , told me I should contact the manufacturer , so far another dead end .
 I purchased this fan less than six months ago to keep the air circulating in the mini-gym in my basement . This morning while I was running , I heard this awful banging noise coming from the fan . It turns out that the plastic `` contraption '' holding the motor BROKE and the blades were spinning and hitting the metal case ! I 've learned my lesson ; I 'm sticking with PATTON -LRB- even if they have outsourced to China -RRB- .
 I keep an office of 35 running , including coffee . I was very happy when I first bought this . It worked great , coffee tasted good , I only had to make coffee once in the morning . Unfortunately , a few weeks after we started using it , , it started `` re-perking '' my coffee when it was n't supposed to , several times a morning , and burned it - YUK . I called Mr. Coffee and they sent another one out right away - great service . But the second one started doing the same thing . No more Mr. Coffee urns for this office !
 This coffee urn did make good coffee , was easy to use and clean , and I thought was fairly well made . Problem is 2 years down the road it is no longer working and in need of parts and the only part available is the spigot for $ 9 which is not what I need . I figured that for about $ 100 it should have lasted better than 2 years and if I could get the parts I at least would still be able to fix and use it . Heat element inside corroded so badly and now it will not perk and just heats the water in the bottom .
 I promptly returned this pillow . Near the zippered end were large irregular holes where the foam did not completely fill the mould . It was also too hard and uncomfortable . I assumed ErgoSoft meant Soft . I also assumed they would return the $ 12.00 they made me pay to return it , because of the defect . Of course they did not , they only refunded the price of the pillow itself .
 I was not impressed with this bedding . The comforter looked as though it was hand sewn by an amatuer . It has wide , loose white threading and is made of thin material . The dust ruffle was straight , boxed and boring . I had to add on to make this bedding have a little more oomph to it .
 The head snapped right off after a few uses . When is was functional , it worked but at the end of the day , you 're paying 12 bucks for a razor on a cheap plastic stick .
 I did n't get this order , did you credit my credit card if so email me with the conf . number and when the credit was given .
 Your Steam Fast will rest EXACTLY 2 ft 3 inches from the ground . This stand can not change height so it is meant to be used while sitting . I do n't iron that many shirts/clothes at one time so sitting is not necessary , and standing at 5 foot 8 inches and trying to use the steam fast at 2 ft 3 inches can be challenging . After I steam , i have to get up multiple times to hang the shirts . I do n't know why they do n't design a stand the raises the steamer to standing height . Crazy ! Just know what you 're getting and you wo n't be disappointed .
 I sure wish I 'd read all the other reviews first . The NON-AJUSTABLE height of this stand was such a disappointment . How tough could it be to make the legs extendable ? Have n't yet decided whether to build a platform for it or just send it back and use my sturdy , ADJUSTABLE Rowenta ironing board as the base for the steam press . Bummer .
 This stand was fine if you were not over 4 feet tall ... I am 5 ' 10 '' and have to lean over thusly I do not use the product .
 I wished I had read the reviews for this product before purchasing it . The stand works great for the press , but is too short if you want to stand . My husband built a wood box for the stand to sit on and now it is the perfect height . I do not understand why the stand can not be adjusted . I rated this product low because of the height issue , otherwise good product .
 My stand broke not long after purchasing it , at the spot where the diagonal brace joins the side shelf . I could only duct tape it . Even though I was not hard on the equipment , the table head -LRB- where the Steamer sits -RRB- was wobbly and flexed a lot every time I would lower the iron onto the clothes.If you purchase this , you will tell in an instant by looking at it that it is cheaply made , and not engineered to do the work asked of it ... at least not for very long . I am 5 ' 6 '' , and also found it much too short for a long-term ironing binge . You 'll have to bend over , sitting and steam pressing just do not go well.I threw mine away and just sit my press on the kitchen table . If I had it all to do over , knowing the facts , I truly never would have ordered it . Still , if you only press a shirt now and then , it might be worth ordering .
 I purchased this item for Xmas , I did n't know that this stand was so small that only my eight year old could only use it . This stand only reaches my knee , you have to sit down to use this product . Save your money and back.SteamFast A600-016 EZ Steam-Press Stand for Steam-Press Models SP-660 , SF-661 , and SF-680
 Hurray ! My steam press is here . I 've never been so happy to do some ironing . Gee , I hope this works ... and saves me some time . -LRB- assemble everything -RRB- Why the hell is the stand three feet off the ground ? That defeats the purpose of having a stand . This is one of the stupidest things I 've ever seen . I could have saved myself the back ache and the fifty bucks by just positioning the press on something in my laundry room . Maybe I 'm wrong but I think every free-standing ironing board in the history of all ironing boards was designed to be height adjustable . You would think that would come to mind when whoever was designing this press stand . But it did n't . Buy the steam press . It 's great . Do n't buy the stand . It 's stupidly short . In fact , I think the design of this stand was intended to be a joke on people . Place the steam press on a table or something .
 i need a stand to hold the presser , but the stand is kind of thin , i dont know how long it will last .
 This item is short and non adjustable . In fact , it holds the press with velecro strap . . Do not purchased . Look for one the has adjustable heights .
 I RECEIVED THE PRODUCT WITH BROKEN PLASTIC CLIPS , I PHONED THE MERCHANT SEVERAL TIMES ONLY TO BE GIVEN TO VOICE MAIL . NEVER RECEIVED A RETURN CALL OR THE REPLACEMENT OF THE $ 0.25 ITEM THAT WOULD MAKE THIS STAND WORK . STAY AWAY FROM THIS OUTFIT ONCE THEY HAVE YOUR MONEY THEY ARE DONE WITH YOU .
 I ' m sorry but not pleased with this motor . I have an old one that sounded much better than this one . This one has a high pitch sound to the motor and runs fast even on the slow setting . It 's not what I was expecting the older modle was much softer and runs slower . I think I was sold a referbished pasta machine .
 These are very light and thin , and they do n't want to stay on . I threw mine out !! I 'm going to try a sturdier , one-piece crust shield !
 This product does not go with most of my pie pans . The idea is good but good old fashion foil works just as good .
 I was making espresso this morning when this machine exploded , sending coffee , steam , and broken glass all over my kitchen . It 's a wonder I was not badly injured . I do not recommend this espresso maker !
 I DO N'T KNOW IF IT 'S BROKEN , BUT THE MACHINE DOES NOT STEAM THE MILK AT ALL . IT ONLY GIVES ME A FEW SECINDS OF STEAM BEFORE STOOPING . I FOLLOWED THE INSTRUCTIONS , BUT STILL NOTHING . THE THE REST IS OK I GUESS , JUST THE STEAM . I EXPECTED MORE .
 I bought this espresso/cappuccino maker to make coffee for my husband , but to my dismay , the milk frothing system failed on the first machine I bought , so I had to return it . Strangely enough , it failed again the second time . After calling the customer support line for Mr. Coffee , I found out there was an error in the instructions provided with the machine , and that I was needing to add more water to create more steam pressure . Sure enough , they were right . But now , a month down the road , the frothing system again fails to function , even using the new recommended procedure . I suppose you get what you pay for , but you 're really better off avoiding the frustration this machine will bring you .
 It never made the best espresso , but it made drinkable pseudo espresso for a while . After owning it for a year and using it four or five times a week , the lid to the tank of water became stuck . Nothing I could do was able to pry it loose . Obviously you need to open that lid to add water to make espresso . So this is a fairly significant defect . Before it got stuck I did notice that it was leaking steam from the opening but there seemed to be no way to stop this . Plus , I have not been motivated to try to repair it because the espresso it made was not what I was looking for.I think I am going to have to get one that is more expensive but perhaps more like the espresso I am looking for . And more durable .
 This is a cute little machine that worked well three times . However , on the fourth use , the plastic top of the glass pot had fallen inside after washing , and when I pulled it out , the glass broke on the pot - big break and full pot crack - the whole thing is useless without the pot . This is a much too fragile glass container for daily , early morning -LRB- read
 This item broke after 2 uses . The table is very wobbely now . After I un screwed it the whole inside where the screw goes in , came out . I have tried to glue it and everything . Too bad ...
 I bought this one because it is made in the USA -LRB- except for the motor , unfortunately -RRB- . It was specified to be quiet -LRB- 48/55/58 dB low/med/high -RRB- and I thought it would be great -LRB- my old USA-made Patton measures 55/71/72 and is very quiet on low speed but LOUD on medium and high -RRB- . But the Air King 9214 that I received sounded even louder than my Patton , especially on low speed , so I measured it and it is actually 68/76/75 . It 's going back .
 Large transformer is hard to plug in and gets very hot is clearly not good for outdoor use , and some boxes are marked as not for outdoors although the web site claims this product can be used outdoors . Also , looks quite unrealistic . Not as good as other light up grapes I have purchased in the past .
 i 've owned several different models of these hunter humidifiers over the years , and they 're all junk ! they work for ONE season only . if it does n't bother you to spend over a hundred dollars a year for a humidifier , if it does n't bother you to treat this as a seasonal , disposable item , then by all means , buy it . Each model we 've owned has ceased to operate after one season - the motor simply will not turn on . One year , Hunter 's customer service graciously sent me a new one , but even so , to be throwing these units in the garbage each year and contributing to the growing waste problem seems , well , wasteful .
 Amazon sent me a returned item with half the parts missing . Sanus customer support refuses to help if you purchased one of their products from Amazon because , and I quote the rep , `` Amazon does this a lot , and it really annoys us '' . If it was only a small connector they would have sent me a replacement , but because half the parts were missing , I have to send it back.A proper review will be in place if the replacement actually has the parts . ------ UPDATE : Got the replacement items a while ago and after some use I still would n't buy these.The stands wobble a round a ton , the plastic ring that keeps them elevated is starting to crack , and they 're considerably heavy considering their cheap build .
 What I do n't get is the price . It appears to be a price of $ 55 for a single stand because nowhere in the description does it mention pair or show a picture of a pair . But the manufacturer sells a pair for $ 89 and Best Buy sells a pair for $ 79 -LRB- at the store if they stock them which they appear not to -RRB- . So with the above price I would pay $ 110 for two ?? Even with shipping comparisons , it 's a puzzle . Where 's the deal?Otherwise Amazon or their substores needs to do a better job for the description of many of the products I find online . Terrible way to sell if you have to go to another site just to read up on a product .
 I bought this at a well known retailer and it was EXPENSIVE , first thing that broke was the stupit little clip that holds the cooking surface in place . Now the teflon is lifting too ! DO NOT BUY !!!!
 I 've had this griddle for about 6 months and the plate is awful . I did n't buy it from Amazon but decided to leave a review here as I was looking for any suggestions for people who had similar issues . It worked fine in the beginning , but the griddle has sort of bubbled up and EVERYTHING sticks to it . Even if you use shortening to grease it . I did season it in the beginning and there are still issues . I guess I will keep looking for a replacement ...
 It is n't able to maintain temperature even under the lightest of loads . A few pancake on the surface , and the temp drops like a rock . Useless !
 I recieved this griddle as a christmas gift in 2008 . The first time I used it the food stuck . Within three uses the `` non-stick '' coating startd coming off on my food . This griddle is useless . I contacted the company for a refund or a differnt griddle . They originally told me via email that they would replace it with any other Rival griddle and I could call their customer service line . When called , I informed them that it was a gift and I did not have the receipt . They asked me for the codes on the griddle and then informed me that my `` 1 year warranty '' had expired !! It has only been 2 months !!!!!!! Do Not buy this product !!!!!!!!!
 Others have complained about food sticking to the griddle , but that 's only half the story . If you have the patience to free the bacon from the surface of the griddle , the `` non-stick '' paint stays on your food ! I do n't know what it 's made of ... teflon ? Lead?A terrible product that may or may not poison your family . And it makes a horrible noise when it reaches the target temperature . Seriously one of the worst purchases I can remember making .
 I have had this griddle for about two years , purchased at Target . The other reviews mention the bad non-stick surface which was also true for me . I have always had to grease the griddle . The surface did n't last and has bubbled and chipped and I have been avoiding those areas when using the griddle . it is now rusting in those small spots . It was rarely put in the dishwasher and we are finally throwing it away ... Though I did regularly use it for pancakes with success , that was all because it never really worked well enough for anything else . You have to let it heat up a very long time to ensure that it is heated more evenly . The button latch to hold down the tray did not break . If they could make a better cooking surface , I believe I would be really happy with the product .
 I have had this griddle for about 11/2 yrs . I agree with most others . One side heats better than the other . After first few uses items stopped sticking . I did like it for creating the filling for breakfast burritoes , you know hashbrown potatoes , sausage , bacon , eggs and cheese wrapped in tortillas . But now everything sticks it has heat marks from where the element is and the teflon has worn off . I bought this when it first came out and only paid $ 20 for it so I guess I got my moneys worth . But when you have 4 children waiting on their pancakes you ca n't have some cooked others stuck and falling apart . I am currently looking for a new griddle hope I find one worthy enough to stand up to the demands that I put on my cookware .
 I 've had this for a while . I bought it for the removable griddle . I 've not had anything break and the non-stick seems about normal for inexpensive pots and pans.However , the heating function is absolutely worthless . This is a design flaw and seriously effects cooking.I set my unit at 300 and used a digital thermometer to measure the temperature . It fluctuated from 224 to 269 a difference of 45 * !! It cycles between high and low . Once it reaches the high temp , it turns off and starts cooling . While it is cooling , turning the temperature up has no effect.This leads to undercooked pancakes in one batch , and overcooked , scorched pancakes the next time.I 've written to the company , but am not expecting any response . What a waste of time and money .
 Although we have n't had trouble with the non-stick surface , the comments about it not heating evenly are right on for us as well . You never know when the heat will finally kick in even when you have it adjusted to the highest setting . We use it exclusively for pancakes and some days the pancakes are extremely light and other days they are darker -- this is true using the same high heat setting each time .
 How I wish I had taken advantage of Amazon 's review system prior to buying this item . I actually purchased my griddle at Target some time ago - thought the removable tray would be just the ticket , as that was the only thing about my previous griddle that I did n't like - difficulty with cleanup due to its size . This removable feature of Rival 's is just a gimmick to reel you in to purchasing an essentially worthless griddle . All previous reviewers discussing the lack of nonstick ability are not exaggerating . It does not matter how much oil you apply beforehand or what type of spatula you use - pancakes/eggs are a disaster , which is what I basically use a griddle for . Its heating element is yet another issue . I would have mine on maximum heat - 400 deg , and pancakes still would take several minutes to cook . Make that cook and stick . The reviewer who mentioned yelling at her griddle , well that could be me as well . I have struggled with mine for the better part of a year now , twice have put it into a donation pile , then taken it out for another chance , thinking maybe I just was not doing it right . Silly me ! Although in almost perfect condition - only one scrape from an effort at removing yet another stuck on disaster - it is now in the trash - I would n't burden a donation center with this poor excuse for a product and would certainly hate for anyone else to have to go through its inherent aggravation . Rival - what has happened to your quality control ?
 I 've never yelled at a cooking appliance before -LRB- especially in front of my children -RRB- but when I had 8 pancakes stuck to this grill with 2 hungry toddlers crying in the background for breakfast I really went nuts . I destroyed a spatula trying to scrape them off ! What kind of surface does that ? I seriously could n't get them off even with water !! I CAN NOT BELIEVE RIVAL WOULD SELL SUCH A PIECE OF JUNK & I WILL NEVER BUY A RIVAL PRODUCT AGAINI asked for a grill for X-mas & someone got me this junk . I just ordered an ALL-Clad over the burner grill & will post that review .
 I agree with the guy above , this product should get 0 stars . The first time I used it , the button to remove the griddle popped off , rendering the griddle completely useless . Good thing is that Amazon took it back with no problems - 5 stars for Amazon 's customer service , though !
 This griddle has the worst Teflon surface I 've ever seen . Everything stuck , including meats , pancakes , and eggs . We do n't have the box anymore , and I could try to return it , but we just threw the thing out instead . To clean the surface we had to use a plastic scraper , which actually wore out . Rival claims the surface is dishwasher safe , but we had to scrape the surface after washing . Lousy , lousy , lousy . We 'd give it 0 stars if that were an option . A great gift for someone you hate .
 After three or four uses I finally gave up on this griddle and threw it away . -LRB- I did not buy it through Amazon -RRB- Pancakes and even bacon seemed to be Superglued to its `` nonstick plate '' and fell apart when I tried to remove them . Do not waste your money on this frustrating , useless appliance .
 I wish I 'd read these reviews before buying this item somewhere else . Everything stuck , it did n't clean in the dishwasher , the finish bubbled up after 1 washing , and the button to remove the griddle plate broke after the first use . I 've liked other Rival products , but this one is really just poorly made and does not work .
 I do n't understand all the reviewers that complain of food sticking to the surface , because I had the opposite problem . The manual says to cook hamburgers at 350 degrees . Yeah right ! I had the thing cranked up and preheated for about 20 minutes to 400 degrees -LRB- highest temp -RRB- , and when I put six burgers on the grill they immediately began shedding all their juices , and merely stewing in them , because the plate obviously was n't hot enough.I just bought this at Target tonight and I 'm planning on returning it first thing in the morning . Funny thing , as I was walking out of the store , I thought to myself , `` I 'd better keep this receipt handy in case this thing does n't work right . '' It 's too bad , because the removable and washable grill plate was a good idea . Just another sad commentary on the poor quality of currently mass-produced household appliances . Boy am I pissed !
 Horrible griddle . Takes forever to cook bacon . I like the removeable plate idea but the rest is useless .
 After receiving this griddle for Christmas and using it and having everything stick . I decided to come online and email Rival along with trying to find reviews . I found what I was looking for and it sounds like we are n't alone in the dislike in this product . I agree with everything I have read the only thing I have n't done is throw my grill away . I 'm currently going to do some research on a new grill before buying a new one you can bet that it wo n't be a Rival product .
 I got this griddle to make pancakes for the kids -LRB- figured with that much room they could help out -RRB- and all I can say is what a waste ! The griddle does n't heat properly so they never really cooked and the parts that did cook took forever -LRB- and this was on the highest setting leaving the pancakes on for well over 15 minutes - they can out a very light tan -RRB- . Everything stuck to the plate and it was impossible to flip . Not worth the money or the effort .
 I have had this item right at 6 months . I use it on weekends when we have a Sunday breakfast and that it not every single Sunday ... It is not as `` non stick '' as they say it is . It scratches easily and the `` non stick '' surface wears thin quickly . I know how to use and care for teflon surfaces , I am a mom of 30 years and this aint my first rodeo ... Lastly , it heats unevenly , the left side gets hotter than the right side and just in spots at that . I am now trying to contact the company trying to get e replacement griddle for it and I have no options to contact them except to call , I prefer e-mail but that is not an option this huge corporation offers . You would think I could simply e-mail customer service , but not with these guys.Seriously disappointed ... this was not a good value for the money .
 I bought this one on a whim on sale at a local store -LRB- not Amazon -RRB- . I figured , how different can electric griddles be in the $ 30 - $ 40 range ? I was replacing a Presto foldup model I had for a few years that worked well , but was difficult to keep clean . Well , as it turns out , there is quite a bit of difference in griddles in this range . I ca n't vouch for a single feature on this model . The cooking surface is very poor grade teflon that has some sticking when it is brand new -LRB- properly prepared , of course -RRB- . The thermostat is dreadful . Nowhere on the cooking surface reached the stated 400 degrees . Pancakes took forever to cook over the low temp resulting in pancakes that were dry . Luckily , I can still return this griddle after a week of trying to give it a good test . I 'll consider a Presto again as my previous one worked fine , but never a Rival .
 I recently purchased this item from Amazon and had to return it the following day . I was a bit disappointed by the quality of the fan . First thing I noticed when I opened the box was the rust on the front grill of the fan . I did n't bother taking the fan out of the box . Amazon was willing to have it returned free of charge with no questions asked , hence the 2 stars.One thing I noticed on the box was an old tracking sticker . I have a pretty strong gut feel that this item was recently returned to amazon and was sent to me afterward.For those planning to get this product , try ordering from another seller , probably Kentec .
 After recieving this fan and turning it on , much to my disappointment , the fan shook so much that the grill would rattle on medium and high speeds.In fact the unit was trying to `` walk '' off the table from the excessive vibration . Obviously I had a defective unit . When I contacted the amazon.com vendor , -LRB- KENTEC -RRB- they quickly issued me a refund and paid for the return shipping of the unit .
 I ordered this fan because I wanted a quality high-velocity fan . I was tired of the Chinese-made junk that is sold at local stores . The fan arrived today . It was packed with material such as used brown-paper grocery sacks and used black plastic garbage bags -- as if someone had packed it up in a garage somewhere . I took it out of the box and was astonished to find that the fan blades were not attached to the motor shaft . LOL . So much for American quality ! The seller , Kentec offered to send a replacement by UPS Second-day air at their expense . They also sent me a UPS authorized return label , so I did not have to pay for return shipping . So Kentec has good customer service . The replacement fan works just fine . But my opinion would be that Air King has some quality control problems .
 Looks nice , but it is not kosher for Hanukkah . In order to be a kosher menorah , the candles need to be at the same height , and these are not .
 I initially LOVED these sheets and the day I got them tried to order another set . However , after being on my bed for a very short time they become stretched out and saggy . They fit on my pillowtop mattress , but they end up sliding off because they do n't hold any sort of shape . The fabric is incredibly soft , but thin . My first impression did n't hold up once I started actually using the sheets . I would n't buy them again and I am glad I was n't able to get a second set .
 These are only worth $ 15 on a good day . These are not what I thought them to be when I ordered them.First , these are like 100ct ? Maybe ? The package does n't say , but I think if it does n't say it 's assumed 180ct . If you hold up a piece of single ply toilet paper , that 's what there sheets look like . They 're thin . This means that over time , maybe the course of 6 months to a year of washing and sleeping , they 're going to look and feel like screens . They 're soft , they 're just not durable , and wo n't be soft for very long . Not to mention , my cat with his claws will have runs in these in no time.I 'm a fan of high count sheets -LRB- 450 - 500 + -RRB- so these are a considerable step down . Amazon has great deals on nice sheets , so I recommend waiting for those than buying these . Those deals are n't much more than these sheets were -LRB- I think I got 1000ct for $ 39 -RRB- . I got suckered in by the price too , but really ... they are n't worth it .
 I was excited for quality sheets for this price when I read the other reviews but when I opened my package I was very disappointed to see that there were 5 holes in the fitted sheet . Four were small -LRB- about 3 mm -RRB- and one was large -LRB- about 8 mm -RRB- in diameter . What a complete disappointment . I have emailed Amazon customer service and asked if they will refund or exchange them , and I would recommend that other people save their time and money !
 After reading the product description I had the impression that they would have a silk or satin feel . Major disappointment . The sheets are very thin -LRB- which is fine for summer -RRB- and not especially soft . They were inexpensive and I got what I paid for , I guess .
 Sheets were inexpensive and the quality of low . The weave is not very tight and they do not look good .
 The phone is almost unusable . The volume , even on highest level , is too low to hear . The clock is not lit so that it can be seem with out fumbling for a small button at night .
 This phone is worthless . The phone does not have a back light , so you can not read the incoming phone number , or dial in the dark . The clock is on an angle that you have to stand over it to see the time . Frequently I can not answer a call , or dial a number , as the `` Talk '' button does not work to answer the call and or open the line to call a phone number . Do n't buy it . Unfortuantely my 30 day return limit is past , so I am just out of the money and will now have to go buy a new phone !!!
 I ordered these at least 3 times and always recieved the giant grape clusters . So I do n't know what they would be like ! The ASIN numbers were mixed up and I was afraid to try it again . First time I ever had trouble with Amazon . Too much hassle for these . Truly do n't believe these are even in stock .
 I bought this fan a couple of years ago for use in my warehouse in Texas . I noticed the fan does n't really put out a lot of air . I mean it turns and you can feel some air movement , but it 's not felt very far away from the unit . I decided something was better than nothing , and would turn it on in my warehouse during the summer days and leave the overhead door open to attempt to reduce the temperature inside . It was only of marginal help . After two seasons of this -LRB- maybe 6 months of daily use total since it was n't needed during the less hot months -RRB- I heard a horrible noise coming from the unit , and when I looked , one of the blades had sheared off !! I left it sitting for a year not even thinking to call Air King to purchase a new blade for it . Today -LRB- July 26 , 2011 -RRB- I called Air King and they tell me that the model 9942 and all its parts have been discontinued and I ca n't get a blade for it . I said , `` so , I have this expensive fan that only needs a replacement blade and you ca n't get me one . Do I just throw it away ? '' . She replied , `` Yes . `` I DO NOT recomend this fan or Air King products !! Beware !
 I purchased two of these because the picture is beautiful . However , what I received was cheap plastic stars with a sphere in the center . The points of the star are simply cheap red and white plastic and mine are bent . The picture also gives the illusion of gold glittering throughout the star , there is not one piece of gold glitter anywhere on it . I would be embarrassed to hang this in my home ! BEWARE it looks nothing like the picture .
 Although the star was very beautiful , it was defective . The top point of the star was warped and fanned out . Very disappointing .
 We were excited to find this pasta servers set since we have a big Italian Countryside set . However , after using this pasta servers for the 2nd time , the underside of the handle of the spoon cracked and pieces of the porcelain fell off by itself -LRB- did n't hit anything with it -RRB- . Very disappointed with the quality .
 We were disappointed with the color of this product since it does not match the color of series .
 I am very pleased with my countryside dinnerware set . It makes a beautiful table . However , after only one use , my pasta server broke . I was merely washing it and the handle cracked . I am very disappointed with the quality of this item .
 Used this pan for a year and it was great . But now the coating on the inside is peeling . Must throw it away . If this is going to happen with the pans , I 'd recommend buying a cheaper pan and then just tossing it out after a year .
 I purchased less than a year ago and already am seeing peeling from inside of thenon stick coating . These pans are of poor quality and can only be used at low heat.Do not buy , its a waste of your hard earned money !!
 I bought two of these baking sheets . At first they were great ; seemed good quality and the nonstick worked well . But after using them moderately -LRB- maybe once a week -RRB- for the past six months , they are now in such awful shape I have to throw them out.After a few washes , water started getting stuck under the rubber handles and leaking out - when it came out it was rust colored , as if the metal was rusting under the handles . About a month ago the non-stick surface started peeling off , and now it is cracking off all over . Yuk . I took good care of them ; I did put them in the dishwasher , but it says they are dishwasher safe.I have just bought a set of aluminum cookie sheets without a nonstick surface and I will be throwing these out . I would not recommend buying this product to anyone .
 I have found that cookies , rolls , etc. tend to burn on the bottom with these pans . I think it may be that the bottoms of the pans are just too thick and hold too much heat . I 've been pretty disappointed with these pans , and have had much better success with thinner pans .
 I took a lot of time to evaluate & price this before choosing Air King blower as well as the vendor `` FLEKSTER '' . So I was quite disappointed when the item arrived damaged due to inadequate packing . It is an expensive , heavy & bulky piece that requires more than just a flimsy cardboard box & thin bubble-wrap bag.I have wasted both my time & money with this vendor.Please do not waste yours .
 The picture is much better . It 's cheap cloth and looks tacky with the chair I bought elsewhere long ago -LRB- it is retired from Crate and Barrel otherwise I would have purchased the ottoman but by the time I could afford it , it was discontinued -RRB- . Anyhow , it looks poor next to the chair and it is very cheap cloth and poor quality wooden legs . The item arrived with black stains that were hard to clean and I 'm just now almost getting rid of those stains . It 'll do , but it 's just old looking next to contemporary items in the room .
 Just looking at the picture is appealing ; reading what purchasers have reported is helpful . What about an accurate , written description of the item , eBay style , with measurements , description of the upholstery fabric , cleaning instructions , whether it has any other features that are not shown in the pictures , like storage , tray top , etc. . That is a weakness of many items on Amazon . The site describes books VERY well , other items , not so well . HELP !!!!
 Product not described enough that is a replacement tray for a microwave not a plate to cook on microwave ovens alredy have one in them now we have an extra tray that we have no use for we wasted our money for nothing you need tyo describe it more
 Initially , I was pleased with this tv stand . I purchased the large size to accomodate a 32 inch TV . After about a week , the swivel shelf appeared to be sagging slightly under the weight of the TV . At first I thought that this was an optical illusion , but the sag has become more pronounced . Currently , it sags about an inch and the turntable is becoming difficult to swivel . I intend to shore up the swivel shelf with a support , but this really should not be necessary for a product in this price range . This is the second time in the past two years or so that I have been disappointed by the quality of a product from this vender . It 's a shame because they used to make some really nice , sturdy furniture .
 I purchased this item as a gift . Imagine my disappointment when the item did not work ! I returned it . I have better things to say about the return process than the purchase . The response was immediate and complete .
 The product was delivered promptly and was as described except it is a flimsy piece of junk . Save your money .
 The product simply did not work . We tried two sets of brand new batteries and we could not get the soap or the lotion to even begin to flow . We added a little bit of water thinking that maybe that would help it along -- it barely flowed . We returned the products -LRB- I bought two -RRB- .
 This product has a major flaw - it is IMPOSSIBLE to get thesafety latch fastened or unlocked to set up / unfold this bench!You will be cursing each time you do and it gets even worse withimpatient , crying children running around you.I returned the first one and the replacement item was identical.Why has n't Little Tykes recalled this product ? Trust me , do NOTwaste your time , money and frustration on this very poorly engineered -LRB- read
 I bought this table for inside use . I liked the idea of bench seating for my toddlers . It is a safe table with big some issues . As soon as your child sits on the table -LRB- & believe me he wo n't be able to resist :-RRB- the table will sway/bend in the middle & stay that way . It makes it worthless for building blocks , arts , etc. ... it becomes a tea party table only & even then frustrates kids because nothing will stand up on it . You wo n't want to give them real food on it because everything will topple & fall off.I just ordered 2 desk size Virco tables with adjustable legs because I know they will never bend . I really do n't recommend this table unless you find it at a garage sale for $ 5 & only want a outdoor play table that swoops down in the middle . Mine is for sale by the way : -RRB-
 The table arrived at home broken . We returned it and did not buy a new one . I was very dissappointed ! There was no fee to return the table and Amazon refunded our money promptly .
 This seemed liked a good idea at the time , and I will admit that I was swayed by the photo . However , after getting it and trying to slice 6 cloves of garlic , I realized I had been taken ! The garlic just tumbled around in the hopper . I had to sort of wedge the garlic between the blade and the side of the hopper to get it going . Once it gets started , it does slice , but then it does n't slice evenly and you wind up with a piece of garlic that 's thin at the bottom and too thick at the top to fit between the hopper and the blade . So it 's back to trying to wedge it in with a finger . Trying to do this AND turn the handle is an effort in futility not to mention potentially hazardous . Do n't waste your money on this . I ended up slicing the garlic with a knife . Unfortunately , I bought this at a store in an outlet mall which is 60 miles away so I 'm out of $ 11.00 . After I bought this and tried to use it , I saw a different type being used on a show that was on the Fine Living channel . Garlic Slicer , Shredder . Which looks similar to the one used by Mario Batali.Mario Batali The Italian Kitchen Collection Garlic Slicer . I 'm going to get one of those and throw the Tovolo in the trash .
 Absolutely worthless ! Save your money . In order to slice garlic one has to risk slicing fingers as well by pressing down on the cloves to keep them in contact with the blades.Tovolo Rotary Garlic Slicer
 I AM IN THE EQUIPMENT BUSINESS AND WHEN WE HAVE SOMETHING THAT WORKS LIKE THIS , I CHANGE IT . THIS SLICER NEEDS A HANDHELD PUSHER TO FORCE THE GARLIC INTO THE BLADE AREA , NOT UNLIKE A MEAT SLICER AT YOUR SUPERMARKET.AFTER READING THESE REVIEWS , WE HAVE A SAYING AT OUR COMPANY , ALL THOSE GOOD PEOPE CA N'T BE WRONG . STICK WITH A SHARP KNIFE BEFORE SPENDING MONEY ON THIS . MY BAD !!!!
 The gizmo needs a spring loaded lid that holds or pushes the garlic into the breech . Without it the garlic keeps popping out as the crank is turned . This brand looks like others that function far better because of the described modification that is absent here . The slicer itself is quite good but you have to push the garlic into it with your fingers and doing so might result in ... . Well , you get the point -LRB- or the slice , if you are n't paying attention -RRB- .
 I formed the same opinion as the other reviewers for the same reasons . This product not only does n't work , it 's dangerous .
 I have had many tea pots and most of them have been inexpensive.I purchased this one hoping it would last longer and notrust . I 've had it for less than a month and itis rusting already . I 've been drying it out afterever use to try to lengthen it 's life.I thought that if I spent $ 50 on a teapot it would last ... wrong !!
 This is not 18-10 stainless steel . -LRB- It may be 18-0 to 18-8 ; chromium % - nickel % -RRB- Also , it 's made in China -LRB- what is n't these days ? -RRB- so we 're a bit concerned about the `` heavy metals '' content -LRB- lead , mercury , etc -RRB- . The surface is rather extensively `` brushed '' and not as smooth & shiny as the product photo indicates . -LRB- a noticable amount of grey metal particulate was on the white paper towels from first cleaning prior to using -RRB- The handles & spout lid frame are cast aluminum and the ` soft ' inserts are high-temp silicone compound.KitchenAid ` branded ' products are not what they used to be -LRB- again , what is these days ? -RRB- . Their counter-top mixers and some other products remain of significant high quality , but their tagline `` For the Way It 's Made . '' has lost it 's way . -LRB- in addition to the aforementioned mixers , we also own a KitchenAid fridge , KitchenAid dishwasher , KitchenAid food-processor , KitchenAid coffee maker , etc. -RRB- -LRB- the coffee maker , by-the-way , was recalled & KitchenAid disenfranchised that entire product line -RRB- For the rather high price this should be nothing less than 18-10 Stainless & should have a much smoother ` low-sheen ' brushed appearance , if not a typical full gloss polish . -LRB- example
 We are so disappointed and are returning this item . We absolutely loved this kettle -LRB- beautiful , works well -RRB- but the RUST is an absolute deal breaker . We read about rust on one of the reviews but decided to take our chances anyway . I wish we listened we 're sending it back .
 I love Kitchenaid products . The handmixer , manual can opener and the mini chopper are all great products . This is not . This is only the second product I 've ever ordered from Amazon that I am returning . This tea kettle is a thing of beauty ... elegant and sturdy with quality construction . My love affair ends there.It seems that `` the look '' was the most important feature to the designer of this kettle because nothing else was considered . Makes me wonder how and who tested this product . They should have called me . It does n't matter that this tea kettle is lovely to look at if it 's not functional . It is almost impossible to add water to this kettle via the spout which is the fastest and most efficient way to add water to a kettle . The reason you ca n't easily add water is due to a design flaw . The lid on the kettle is made so deep that you can not completely open the spount without taking the lid off . So , if you have to take the lid off to fill the pot , you may as well fill from the lid opening . It 's a huge annoyance if you want to boil water for a quick cup of tea or coffee , and it 's also a major design flaw . The other major annoyance is that it spews water on the stove as it begins to whistle and you end up with a puddle of water . I 've tried different water levels to no avail . So not only will it take you longer to fill this kettle , you 'll also have to clean up the water it spews . I 've owned many tea kettles in my lifetime . None of them cost over $ 15 and none of them ever spewed water all over the place . I think for $ 39 , a consumer should expect a quality tea kettle , not just a pretty pot . If I could have rated this with a minus star , I would have . What could have been another great product from Kitchenaid is a huge disappointment . I am shocked that Kitchenaid would offer such a poorly designed product . There are other reviews for this pot listed under the enamel -LRB- colored -RRB- versions . Many of those reviews expressed the same problems I have encountered with this kettle . I wish I had heeded their advice .
 Handle gets really hot , spout wo n't stay open , the opening on top is too small . There 's got ta be a world of better tea kettle options available in the 50 dollar range .
 I prefer a kettle with a wide enough opening to put my hand inside for cleaning . The rubber on the handles seems cheap . Also the handle requires a oven mitt to hold when hot . very pretty though !!! If you do n't use it a lot , and mostly want something that looks nice , this is for you .
 I have had this kettle for less than 2 months . I have the brushed stainless steel model , and I like the way it looks and pours . The kettle is substantial in weight , and the whistle is fine for me , no complaints there . However , this morning my husband pointed out , as he was going to refill the kettle , that around the rim of both the lid and the opening there are `` rust '' marks , and it would probably be a good idea to clean it . I took a soft scrub type sponge , and needless to say , the marks are not coming off . I really find this unacceptable . I have had many other stainless steel kettles that have never shown `` rust '' . Not a happy camper . The thing was not cheap , either . Very disappointed . I would definitely not buy this one again .
 I bought this kettle in November and have been sorry ever since . It is lovely to look at but the handle heats up so that it is dangerous to pick up when you have heated the water . When I pour the water , it is inclined to splash in all directions . If you look inside the spout , you can see a smaller ring of metal that must have been someone 's brainchild , but it was a bad idea . The plastic on the handle is the only part that does not heat up and you can see by the picture that it is impossible to avoid touching the metal sides of the handle . I am now looking for a new kettle . I am sadder but wiser .
 Watch out ! Some parts are made of plastic , so they will melt with heat . And , once it melts , the kettle looks so ugly . It happened with in a day of parchace . If possible , I wish I did not buy the product .
 My tea kettle arrived with a little brown spot on the rim . I thought it was just a dirty spot but it was rust , within a week the entire rim had rust around it , along with the spout and around the whistle . This is very cheap stainless to rust so quickly . The handle gets very hot on the sides as the only place there is rubber is on the top and bottom of the handle , a hot pad is needed to lift while hot . The spout is placed too low , I am constantly overfilling , and spilling as the spout needs to be a bit higher than the kettle rim . The spout does not open all the way as the spout lever hits the lid , and its even worse if the handle of the lid is in line with the kettle handle . It 's very pretty but cheaply made and not very functional . I guess if you are one of those people that dries every last crease of your kettle after each use it may not rust as fast . I am getting ready to build a new home and if KitchenAid ca n't even properly engineer a tea kettle , I think they are off my list for appliances .
 This is a nice Tea Kettle . However , if you leave the spout either open of close , it leaks water on the stove . My previous teak kettle did not do this . So I assume it is a faulty design . Wiping the stove multiple times daily can get old . I have returned this product .
 I bought one of these 4 years ago . It 's a nice enough kettle - I had no trouble with the handles getting too hot or anything , and I like the 1-piece construction of the body -LRB- I 've had kettles come apart t the seams before -RRB- but it started to deteriorate after 2 years . Call me old-fashioned , but a teakettle should last 20 + years if not abused.The spout and whistle-cap mechanism are not as well-constructed as the body of the kettle . The spout began to get loose and the cap started wobbling after about 2 years of use - it became tricky to get the cap to sit right -LRB- and if not , no whistle -RRB- About a month ago , the mechanism stopped being able to hold the cap open - now it wo n't stop whistling unless I prop the spout open with something.I 'm buying something else this time ** FYI - after reading the reviews here I also wonder about the metal content of this item - particularly the spout -LRB- one reviewer says it 's aluminum , but I think mine is rusting -RRB-
 I 've had this tea kettle for about a month and I thought so far so good until one day when I was washing I noticed a bit of rust inside . Then I started noticing rust around the top of the whistler . It 's a functional pot in that it serves its purpose to boil water and whistle ; however , paying over $ 40 for something that is supposed to be stainless and rusts within a month leads me to rate this product low ; needless to say , this is being retunred to Amazon .
 I specifically purchased a relatively expensive stainless kettle to avoid problems with rusting . This kettle rusted more quickly and extensively than cheap porcelain ones . Save your money .
 We 've had a Revere tea kettleRevere 2-1/3 - Quart Whistling Tea Kettlefor a long time -LRB- for almost 20 years -RRB- . Because it does n't have a top for us to see inside and the only way to add water is from the spout , we decided to look for another stainless steel tea kettle . After searching on Amazon , this KitchenAide Gourmet 2-Quart stainless steel tea kettle kept popping up , it has this sleek look and with a removable top . So I decided on this one because it looks nice and sturdy although it is a little more expensive than other tea kettles on the market . For this particular kettle , it is stainless steel and has a removable top to pour water in and has a loud whistle sound while water boils.But . .1 -RRB- the handle is kind of in the way while pouring water in . It is fixed , not like other2 -RRB- when you are pouring out water from the sprout , you have to use two hands . Like our old Revere tea kettle , you can just use an index finger on the hook to keep the spout open . But with this one , the spout does n't stay open because it does n't have a hook for your finger to hold on to . If you do keep it at an open position , it will pop back closed . I found this quite inconvenient . And you have to be careful not to be burned by the steam with the hand is keeping the spout open , I think the kettle will last for a long time because it is well-built even though it is kind of inconvenient to use . It does sit nicely on the stove for its look . However , I would rather have a different kind . But as to which kind , I 'll have to continue searching for it .
 I just got my stainless kettle , and the hinge is scratched and used ! I am applaud by such . I asked for a new kettle , NOT a used kettle . Anyhow , I will have to go to Kohl 's or etc. to buy from now on . I am buying a new kettle at Kohl 's and exchanging for a new kettle there instead . This also happened last time I purchased a Vulli for my daughter , and it was USED as well . Amazon 's quality and goods have gone WAY down . I rather pay more for new items , NOT USED .
 If you like filtered water , beware . I can not fill this with filtered water from my fridge because the handle is fixed into place , it does n't swivel to allow me to get close enough to get the water into pot . The spout wo n't reach the dispenser either . This is a major problem for me because I like filtered water . It also leaks steam from the lid and dribbles water all over the stove top . I am taking this back , what a disappointment .
 If you 're an average size male , getting your hand in and out of this kettle to clean it is almost impossible . It 's definitely not made with American males in mind , perhaps in the land of Lilliputians it would be ok !
 I can not comment on the kettle 's performance . I must have had trouble understanding the ordering buttons , as I had thought I was ordering a -LRB- specifically -RRB- RED kettle . Not only did my red kettle turn out to be brushed stainless -LRB- silver -RRB- , but I received it too late for Christmas . Not only was it late , it arrived without instructions for returning the item . I have sent -LRB- three -RRB- Emails to Macy 's , asking for return/exchange information . I have now received -LRB- seven -RRB- Email responses from Macy 's apologizing for the delay in responding , but that I should get an answer within three to five days ... They should have said three to five weeks ! I am not happy !
 Despite other reviews -LRB- both here and online -RRB- this does NOT work on an induction cooktop - not even the stainless bottomed kettle .
 Such a beautiful tea kettle , but the first issue was the sticky tape they used to tape on the lid . It left a thick residue on both sides of the lid and pot . I put peanut butter on the residue and let it sit for a couple days and was finally able to wipe off the residue and try my tea kettle.Unfortunately , I was disappointed because my tea kettle did not whistle . The seal is n't tight enough , so steam dribbled out the spout onto my ceramic top . I 'm sorry that I will have to return it ; I need the whistle since I do n't stand over the stove waiting for the water to boil .
 We purchased this kettle to replace our old enamel-coated Kitchen Aid kettle that had started to rust inside . We assumed that since it was stainless it would not rust . This kettle started rusting inside after only one week of use . Obviously NOT stainless steel . Plus , I could tell that the kettle purchased years ago was superior in craftmanship compared to the current model . Our Kitchen Aid stand mixer is all that it should be , but I will stay away from Kitchen Aid accessories and lower end products from now on .
 love the look and feel but watch your feet when you pour the boiling water out of it . It has some sort of splash delivery system that half does-half does not make it into the cup . It ends up running onto the counter then my bare feet on floor . Seriously , how do you make a tea kettle that ca n't pour ? I keep tryng different ways to pour the water out , ie angle , speed but it always ends the same - a puddle on the counter.michelle milne
 Nice teapot for 6 months . Then the whistle broke . Used it without a whistle for a couple of more weeks and the pouring end spout opener broke . Cheap and flimsy spout pouring opener .
 Form over function , yet I had higher hopes for a KitchenAid product . It 's a nice looking kettle and we wanted something to last . Personally I did not like the handle -- I 'd get a hot hand sometimes , though it did not bother my husband and he is more the tea drinker than me . I also found opening of the spout could be awkward , again not bothersome to my husband but it did bother me.The unforgivable part though is that after a couple years of use the darn thing was seriously rusty . I got a call at work from my husband asking if he 'd need a tetanus shot as he opened up the kettle and realized there were a ton of rust stains that appeared in a short period of time . UGH . -LRB- No shot needed -RRB- . I am giving 2 stars -- it did last a couple years before rusting out and my husband was fine with it before the rust . I just think that though it looked cool the design was flawed . Oh , and the whistle is quite loud -- you can hear it all through the house if you forgot you set some water to boil.Very disappointing and now I am hunting for a glass kettle , that is durable and has a loud whistle . Oh well.Not Recommended.JTG
 The kettle looks nice and works as you would expect . However , the handle gets hot , and the location of the spout cover makes it difficult to release without burning your fingers . I would not buy this again .
 The handle does get very HOT on this kettle . It makes me wonder if the designer ever tried this out after making it . The whistle is very quiet and inconsistent in its noise output . If you have lots of water in the kettle , yes it is loud , but if you have just a couple of cups you can not hear it in the next room.It is well made but always very hot on the handle .
 Got this to use on a glass top stove . Takes forever to heat and you can barely hear it whistle . Might be better for a coil burner or gas stove .
 It 's difficult for a kettle not to do what it 's supposed to do which is to heat water and pour easily . However , I think there are some flaws that only allow me to give this product 2 stars.The primary issue I have with this kettle is that the silicone grip on the handle does not cover the entire handle and leaves some of the stainless steel exposed . With a gas stove , the heat can rise to also heat the handle . When lifting the kettle from the stovetop , the tendency is to grip the entire handle and not just the silicone portion . The same goes for the lid and the spout which I think is positioned in a rather tight spot and too close to exposed steel.The pros -- it 's stylish and holds a fair amount of water . However , I think this kettle is about design and less about pragmatic function .
 I was given this kettle as a gift about nine months ago . It was used two-three times per day to heat water for tea . It worked fine but the handle got too hot to hold without hot pads if left on to boil for more than a minute or two . The whistle feature fell out of the holding about a week ago so it would n't whistle when the water reached boiling . I just left it on the stove for a couple of minutes too long and the water evaporated and the rubber around the handle base melted . Lovely.Overall , it was a good looking kettle but did n't hold up to repeated wear and tear . It would probably be fine if you are n't hard on things and do n't use frequently . It was also hard to keep clean . I am now looking for a stainless electric kettle now that wo n't give off a plastic smell .
 There are 2 main issues with this kettle . The only issue I care about though is not being burned by stuff that should not be burning me . I actually thought the kettle looked nice when I bought it , but then realized later that Kitchen-aid does n't test their products , just the look . Fashion over function should be their motto . If they did they would have noticed right away that when you go to pick it up , the metal handle with the small amount of rubber on it will burn you . Who would have thought that metal would be hot after placing it over a flame or on a hot surface?Secondly when you pour the water out , the spout is too high . Thus you have to actually hold the pot almost upside down to get all of the water out . This is solved by over filling it and wasting a lot of water . The main issue with this is that unless you are pouring cold water , the steam comes up and burns your hand thus giving you a steam burn and a burn from the metal.If this is too long the short of it is
 for starters , the product arrived with a very marred finish . do n't know if all the stainless steel kettles have this , but was a bit disappointed . however , as it would have cost more to ship it back , i decided to keep it and deal and hope for the best.in short
 While this kettle is pretty to look at , its functionality is questionable . Since you can not fill the kettle more than halfway without risking complete boil-over , the `` 2 quart '' size is doubtful . I find that you can not keep the whistle/stopper open for any extended period of time because of the way it 's designed ; the lid prevents the mechanism from going back far enough to remain open . Pouring from the kettle is awkward , usually requiring two hands -LRB- one to hold the kettle , one to hold the stopper open -RRB- . The whistle itself sounds like something being strangled and/or ready to explode , depending on how much water is in it . If you only want one or two cups of tea and do n't mind the occasional steam burn when pouring the water , this kettle is for you . This is the first time I have been disappointed in a Kitchenaid product . Here 's hoping it 's an aberration .
 What a disappointment!At first I loved this kettle . It 's beautiful , and worked well for us . I did n't even mind that it was a bit difficult to fill . Then the plastic pads that secure the handle melted . The plastic poured down the sides of the kettle and onto my stovetop . Now the handle wobbles back and forth . I guess the kettle is scrap metal . Such a bummer ! And a waste of money .
 Kettle has rubber pads on the handle and where the handle meets the kettle is also rubber . After about 3 weeks of use on a gas 5-burner stove the rubber pads started to melt and shoot hot molten rubber around the kitchen ! There is permanent damage to my stove top and a safety concern as my wife tried to remove the kettle from the heat . The rubber dripped all over the stainless kettle and ruined it . Do n't buy . I was wondering when I bought it how rubber and heat would work , guess I found out the hard way . This kettle could injure someone , I see a lawsuit in the works it they do n't pull this item from store shelves !
 Got this just under two months ago and noticed the inside began spotting tiny bits of rust . Just called Kitchenaid and confirmed with a product rep it is not 18/10 stainless steel , it is 18/0 stainless steel . Very good looking but not made of what I was looking for .
 It heats water fine , but ... WHAT WERE THEY THINKING WITH THE HANDLE !? Look at the picture , it has rubber on the top and bottom , but the sides are bare metal - you have to delicately hold it without touching the sides or you burn your hands -LRB- or just use a potholder -RRB- . Amazing to me how a company will sacrifice basic functionality for `` style '' . I 'm now shopping for a new tea kettle that wo n't burn my hand when I pick it up.It works fine otherwise , but I give it one star because it is so frustrating that I need to replace it .
 I really wanted to love this kettle . It looks good , weighs nicely , holds a decent amount of water , but everytime I actually let it get to a whistling boil , I have to pull out a pot holder to use it or I get burned by the handle . The metal edges get ridiculously hot since the rubber grips do not go all the way around , and it is really awkward to try to hold it so my hand does n't touch the metal parts . If it just went a little closer to the edge it would work .
 Do not buy this kettle . Very bad quality and thin steel . I already have a dent in it !
 This kettle is hard to use and the rubber does not help protect your hands from becoming burnt . It is cheap and terribly overpriced !
 My new Revere tea kettle expired after one year 's use . It was n't the great one from years ago but the cheap , lightweight one made in China version . Someone needs to come up with a really good copy of it just different enough to pass the patent laws.The opener on the cheap version apparently just breaks off regularly as clockwork , has been doing it for years and no changes have been made . I called the Revere people and was told , very politely , that was just the way it was . No replacement parts available . I might check eBay . ???? So off to Amazon for a new one . I saw a gorgeous Kitchen Aid 2 quart whistling tea kettle and ordered it . It was lovely to look at . That , unfortunately , was it 's only good quality . To get hot water out of it you must press a cumbersome and hot lever and hold it . To fill it , you must wait carefully until the water in it cools or you could receive a really bad steam burn when you take the lid off . It is heavy , hard to fill and appeared to have been designed for some use other than a tea kettle . Just because I was lazy and it DID heat water I decided to keep it . 3 days after I got it , the whistle stopped whistling . This pot has bad karma . Dear Amazon did send me what I needed to return it and quickly credited it to my account . I can not imagine how this pot came into existence . Ergonomics apparently were never taken into consideration . I did order a new , cheap , unreliable new Revere and I am thrilled with it . I decided that at $ 20 a pot , a new pot every year was n't impossible and it is just so wonderfully easy to use . One hand needed to open , pour and refill . What can i say ?
 I bought this thinking it would be cute to have and for when i dont have my digi with me and it was a waste of money , so hard to use and i got one decent picture out of all the ones i took most came out blurred even though i was still or with this trippy color effect where everything was rainbow colored , save your money and buy something else .
 The first problem I noticed with my new King 9700 20 '' Deluxe Box Fan was the three places on top of the fan where the paint must have been chipped and then repaired with a brush . The repair was done very poorly . This obviously happened at the factory since the paint was touched up with the same color paint.When I turned the fan on for the first time , I heard a loud vibration noise and I noticed the fan motor seemed to be out of balance . After some investigation , I removed the back grill and noticed that one of the bolts that mount the motor to the fan 's frame was jammed into the windings area of the motor instead of into the mounting hole . After fixing that , I noticed the other three mounting bolts were not tightened.The fan is much quieter now -LRB- the vibration noise is gone -RRB- , but I still think it is very noisy , even on the low and medium speed settings.I thought that by paying more for a fan I would get better quality and less noise . I was wrong . I would have been better off buying a $ 19 fan .
 The motor was mounted off center , and the fan blades hit the inside of the case when they spun . This unit should never have passed quality control .
 We find this kettle to be lacking in several departments . The handle gets too hot on a gas burner . On an electric burner it does stay cool . The whistle indicating the water is hot is nothing special . The pour spout trigger does n't always hold the spout open . The pot has been slippery . If you do like this I would hold out for the Stainless steel version so you do n't have to worry about cracking the porcelin .
 I bought this tea kettle thinking kitchenaid would be a reliable brand . Granted I bought this kettle back in September but recently I found rust spots on the inside of the kettle . We 've stopped using it and I wonder how long its been there . Do not buy this kettle ?? What good is a kettle if you end up with rust in your water !!
 I bought these pans a little over a month ago . I love the color and they cook very well . I have mixed feelings about the lids simply because I am used to glass lids and being able to see into the pot w/o opening the lid . Other then that I 'm good . * - * - * - UPDATE * - * - * After less then a year I had to replace these with a better quality set of pans . I do still love the color but aside from that they 're practically useless for any full time cooking . The teflon peels , the pans warped , the color flakes off , honestly of all the kitchen aid products I own these have by far proven to be the worse.I ended up purchasing the cuisinart hard anodized set . Far better even though they are less appealing to my overall color scheme they are worth it . See the link belowCuisinart 66-17 Chef 's Classic Nonstick Hard-Anodized 17-Piece Cookware Set
 The coating does n't last and the warranty stinks ! You have to ship the heavy item to them and they 'll decide if it should be replaced or not . No guarantees . I just threw mine out .
 I bought the 12 inch skillet just like this set to try it out and used it for 2 months - and loved it - before ordering this set . I was SO looking forward to it -LRB- except for the stainless lids -RRB- . The first -LRB- and only -RRB- time I cooked in the large pot , I boiled some ribs in salt , pepper and garlic . It boiled over the sides and actually damaged the finish !! I cleaned and cleaned , but there was a permanent stripe down the sides where the liquid ran over . The inside and exterior bottom were a breeze to clean , but not the red enamel . I sent mine back and ordered the black anodized set . Not nearly as pretty , but very durable and easy to keep looking good .
 I purchased this product a little over a year ago . It cooks well , looks beautiful . But , after repeated use , the red turns to an off-pink . KitchenAid support does n't offer any suggestions for bringing the pans back to the original color . Overall , its a good product . Just do n't purchase it in a colored version .
 The finish on these is falling apart after a year of use . There is n't really much else to say except that my knife set from them is n't in much better shape - maybe I received an unlucky batch but I think I will pick up a different set from a different company when I replace these at the end of the year .
 I LOVED these pots and pans at first . That was until I used them . I realized that the nonstick coating was flawed in one of the pans and also in the griddle pan I also purchased . It had a little bump in it , almost like there was dirt or hair on the surface before it was treated with the coating . About 6 months into use , the end of the saute pan handle came off . The handles are rubber with a metal tip . The metal tip came off leaving a ugly looking end to the rubber handle.I have only used nylon utencils and used and washed them according to instructions , but the nonstick coating started to flake off after about 1 year of use . I expected more life out of these things . I tried to make do , but now we 're getting flecks of nonstick coating in our food so out they go . I 've since learned that non stick coatings only last about that long under just light household use . I 'm currently shopping for good , old fashioned stainless steel cookware . I hope they 'll last forever just like my mom 's set which she 's had for 30 years .
 Do n't bother buying the pots . After only 2 months use , the inside edges are cracking off -LRB- I hand wash all the pots -RRB- . I have a fry pan of another brand that I have used for over 3 years and this never happened . In addition , in spite of purchasing the 12 piece set and three additional pans , they refused to give me a $ 20.00 promised rebate . I 'm ready to junk the set .
 We ordered these for Christmas . We chose Kitchenaid , since we assumed it was THE brand , and they were going to look great in our kitchen hanging above the island from a rack.After using them for about 3 months , I am very disappointed in the quality . The bottoms are very thin . I have never burned so much oatmeal in my life . Frying is a pain , since the heat spreads very uneven . Actually , the bottom of the large frying pan is no longer flat , which does not help with good results.We purchased the matching large sautee pan seperately . It 's much heavier , and the cooking results are much better.Another issue is that on the more frequently used items some of the black color on the bottom has rubbed off , and the red is starting to be banged up . It appreas the finish is not inteded for heavy use.If you 're looking for kitchen decorations , this set is right for you . In case you are planning to do `` Gourmet '' cooking , do yourself a favor and keep looking.The rubberized handles have eliminated the need for potholders . The stailess steel lids are great , since we can have them sitting on top of the rack and use them without being concerend about them breaking -LRB- most sets seem to come with glass lids -RRB- .
 beautiful out of the box . after a year of use , the red finish has faded to an ugly dull shade . and - who wants to hand-wash their pots and pans ? no thanks , KitchenAid .
 non-stick contains fluoride -LRB- toxic -RRB- . avoid aluminum too -LRB- ties to Alzheimer 's -RRB- . use full porcelain or ceramic cookware.do some research online on these issues .
 i use some pots everyday . i must say i am so disappointed . the interior of the pots burn now . i overheated some corn the other day . . i am still trying to get the burned pieces off . i used pans for making candy . . the pots bend and distort . i used the little fry pan everyday to make my scrambled tofu . . it is worthless now because everything sticks to it . i dug out my 40 year old stainless steel pots and will use them from now on . kitchenaid must have had this set made in china . Beware of you buy this set . looks cute . . works fine for a couple years . . then the finish is off and stuff burns . this cookware i purchased in 2006 is now worthless and awful . . uggghhh
 Absolutely it is not dishwasher safe . I would suggest that anyone should stay away from Kitchenaid cookware . Yes , they have a nice warranty ... HOWEVER , after using my set only a couple of months , the red started to fade . Upon reading the fine print in that wonderful warranty , I see that you are not supposed to expose the cookware to high temperatures . SAY WHAT ?? It 's COOKWARE . Okay ... and then I also find in the warranty that it 's not DISHWASHER SAFE . !!!! What in the world ?!? We are not living in the stone age . Who makes cookware that 's not dishwasher safe . The non-stick finish seemed to be working okay ... but the red outside of the cookware looks TERRIBLE . It quickly became faded and chipped . I 'm now in the market for a new set of cookware that will withstand HEAT and the DISHWASHER .
 I bought these pots without reading the fine print and seeing that they are not dishwasher safe . After only 3 or 4 times in the dishwasher the color fades from a wonderful red to a cruddy looking light pink with white haze . In addition , the bottoms chip easily.I would n't recommend at all .
 Too many limitations ... Not diswasher safe , do not use on electric stoves . Not for this not for that ... NOT FOR ME !!!
 I ca n't believe they even MAKE something nowadays that I ca n't cook on my glass stove top or put in the dishwasher ! They should have titled this , for the outdoors enthusiast-bring to the campground , wash in a basin but god forbid you cook on your stove top unless you have a disposable glass top !
 I just bought this set and was dismayed to note in the `` Important Safety , Use & Care Information '' that the set is not dishwasher safe and is not recommended for use on Ceramic/Glass Stovetops .
 Do not buy these products if you have a flattop stove . You ca n't turn yourstove top over medium heat or else the pot melts onto your cooktop ruining your stove ! They do n't tell you that the ceramic will melt at too high a temp and bond to your cooktop so beware !! It seems like the chance of this happening would be low , no , I put a pot onto boil med-high and the pot started to fuse to my cooktop . I smelt the burning but it still left some pot residue on one of the burners ... Yuck . Probably great for a gas stove
 This pillow is cheap acrylic and made in China . It smells awful when you take it out of the bag . I returned it immediately .
 The pillow is adorable , and my son loves it , but the seam ripped very easily when I was carefully removing the tag .
 This glass bottle was broken after the first use !! It could be partly my fault since I tried to clean it using cold water right after using it , but still this glass is not strong enough to be called TEA POT !!
 This chair is one of the most uncomfortable chairs I 've ever sat in . Even though it says it has a 17 '' deep seat that is deceptive . The back pushes you too far forward , making it feel as if you are being pushed off the chair seat . The contour of the seat gives no support to your thighs . Four members of my family , of varying sizes , all complain about how uncomfortable it is . My back actually hurts after sitting on it for 15 min . The only positive thing I can say about the chair is that the wheels move the chair around very well . My daughter loves scooting around the kitchen on it for fun . Unless you plan on using it as a scooter chair do n't waste you money .
 This thing 's a total piece of junk . It arrived rattling and quickly dislodged from its base . Tacky . You get what you pay for in this case . Avoid !
 The only reason there is one star is because 0 is not an option . This `` mug '' for lack of a more accurate term , really wasted time and money . The construction and durability is among the worst I 've purchased - and I collect mugs . The 1st one I bought appeared ok at first . No sooner than I washed it , water leaked between the metal and the plastic . A bit of mold lives there now . The second I bought as a gift . That showed up in 3 pieces . The metal bottom and the insert were not attached to the plastic . No adhesive was apparent anywhere . Ok , that was just a fluke , right ? Nope . The replacement , the 3rd mug , made almost a day before the handle snapped off . It was being carried by the handle -LRB- where else ? -RRB- empty . Just plain snapped . So , that is not usable either . The kicker ? I was at Kmart , and found 2 mugs for - you 're gon na love this - a buck a piece . Extremely similar design , same capacity . The lids to the Farberware mugs fit the Kmart brand perfectly , same shape . What is different ? A much sturdier mug , better construction , and a much more stable handle . We work in an office , and we need good reliable mugs . Sad that I spent so much money on a `` good '' brand , and got junk , yet spend a lot less on a generic brand , and got a great couple of mugs . Guess Farberware just is n't up to keeping quality like it used to be .
 I paid 9.50 for the red version , as I did n't want to pay $ 25 for the alternative . However , this will wind up being more expensive as I 'll toss it in a few months , whereas the better one will last for years.This thing is flimsy , there was a flaw in the inner metal and the handle will surely break soon.I 'd have returned it but I accidentally tossed the box .
 I order 10 mugs and paid additonal $ 8 for shipping , I finally got it 13 days later -LRB- they used UPS ground even I paid for the shipping -RRB- , and 6 out of 10 mugs were broken already when I opened the box . I very disappointed with Kitchen etc vendor due to its low quality and bad packaging and shipping methods.I have been a loyal Amazon customer over the years , I think Amazon should not use this vendor anymore , they are destroying Amazon 's brand name .
 I was surprised that this was not a full sized spatula . Less efficient and harder to use than reg size .
 I liked these , so I purchased several of them -LRB- always in the dishwasher -RRB- . But after about 6 months or so , the bottom half of the two-piece handles came unglued , one by one , rendering them useless . I tried to find a way to glue them , but the handle is ridged inside with large hollow spaces , so I could n't come up with an effective repair . Also , I did n't like that the handles trapped dirt and water , which would slowly leak out . The blade , which is removable -LRB- for cleaning -RRB- is too stiff and inflexible and rather thick , so it does not scrape cleanly . It is too stiff and cut rounded on the end , so does not seem to fit the corners and rounded places in bowls very well and because it is removable , it will sometimes fall off during use . It would be good for cooking , as the silicone wo n't scratch a non-stick pan . The handle is comfortable , but bulky , taking up much more room in the drawer than a flat one . The spatula is 91/2 '' , end to end . I would not buy again , unless handle is redesigned . I hope this helps .
 I have just recently bought this fan , based on my experience with my old fan that had propeller blades identical to depicted on all published images associated with this fan model . This shape of the propeller -LRB- with blades similar to elephant ears -RRB- is contributing to higher airflow , at the same RPM , vs. shape of propeller with blade looking like rabbit ears , and which is lately used on majority of inexpensive box fans sold under brand names Lasko or others.To my surprise , the fan that arrived per my order , while having on the box a correct model number and image as on this web page , has propeller identical to less expensive Lasko brand box fans.Lasko 20 '' Premium Box Fan 3-SPEEDIn fact , Air King is subsidiary of Lasko , as I discovered while contacting the Air King.In short , this fan went through a typical to current times `` cost reduction reengineering '' by someone who has no clue about air dynamics of propellers . As a result , the fan is noisier than before because it has to rotate faster , due to the new shape of its propeller blades , to produce a similar airflow , and is no different from all other box fans on the market , but is a twice as much expensive.Do not waste your money . Note that I was told by customer service of the company that , from now on , this fan model will have the same propeller as supplied with Lasko brand fans . The company `` did n't have a time '' to replace this fan 's marketing images . In addition , I found that warranty period on the fan has been reduced from 3 years to just 1 year .
 This fan had only worked for one season then it sparked and I can smell smoke the next summer . I was very disappointed that it broke and almost started a fire . I bought it because it looked like the old fans . I have the Haier box fan that also looks like the old ones . This fan used to work really well but it was n't worth it .
 After Lasco 's awful ` Chineese Motor Swap ' following a 2nd Product Recall -LSB- shorts & earlier Fires -RSB- on their 3733 , I bit the bullet on the 2X price hike to get their AirKing division 's `` Commercial Grade Fan '' -LSB- see Amazon 's discription above awa others on the net -RSB- with a real 20 '' blade.These 2 claims are complete fabrications.As others note , without ammending their advertising Lasco silently substituted their smaller fan blade designed for much weaker motors for the special shaped full 20 '' blade shown in all illustrations.WORSE
 The fan does not have 2 120 volt outlets for connecting other tools or appliances as advertised .
 We never got to use this fan ; it arrived broken at the neck . It 's made of a cheap plastic which could not withstand the perils of the shipping . Also , the packing was poorly done . The unit was returned . Fortunately , Amazon.com credit our charge card .
 I purchased the 9102B Air King 12 '' Oscillating fan on November 18 , 2011 . It quit running on 12/18/2011 . There is an Open in the electrical circuitry which I can not locate in the motor .
 I wanted a toothbrush holder like the one pictured so that water can not collect at the bottom as it does in many holders that have the cup shape . The photo shows that the brushes would hang so that you can actually see the handles . This is not so , it is covered by and basically hangs in a pewterish cup .
 When I received the toothbrush holder , I loved it . It is functional and matches all my satin nickel bathroom accessories . However , after less than a month of use , I noticed green corrosion spots appearing in the bottom drip area of the holder . I tried cleaning it , but the green is imbedded in the metal and can not be removed . Everyday it gets more pronounced , so it appears I am going to have to dispose of it and find a different holder made of better materials .
 Beutiful fan but the occilator switch did not work . Also heavy and difficult for a senior to assemble . I would order another one but I am afraid something else might be wrong .
 I bought one of these at a chain drug store . Wooo Hooo !! I thought ; I have a single serve coffee machine . The machine quit working after 12 days . Yep , it did n't last until my next paycheck . Black and Decker does n't make this abysmal machine . They let someone else make it and slap the B&D ; brand on it.To be fair , the machine was great when it was working . It has an extra large water reservoir that lets you store enough water for 2-3 cups of coffee . Clean-up was a snap . You just take the podholder -LRB- and pod -RRB- and dump the used pod in the trashcan . I thought it made good coffee .
 These are made by some junk materials and 2 came cracked during shipping.They are cheap plastics and NOT made by Oster .
 Do n't waste your money buying these jars !!!! The idea is great but this particular product is garbage . There was no brand name markings on the jars except for the `` made in Mexico '' sticker . Of the six that I received three were crack very badly . The rims are slightly warped and do n't make a good seal . The plastic does n't seem to be dishwasher safe as after a few washes they started crazing -LRB- cheap acrylic ? -RRB- . The manufacturer did n't even take the time to clean up the excess plastic when they cast the jars . Spend the extra money and get a brand name version since they do come in very handy .
 Not as good a quality as I had expected . They are not like the ones made by Oster .
 The product is fairly described as an `` open '' pan , but I find it to be difficult to use without a lid , and the 11-inch size makes it difficult to match a lid to it .
 The problem with this fountain is that the sound of the water pump is much louder than the actual trickling sound of the water . The orange light is a little annoying too . The fountain is made of cheap brown plastic -- so do n't think you are adding much class to the decor of your home . All in all , it does not provide a very relaxing environment .
 Unfortunately I can not recommend this product . The reproduction is poor ; the image grainy and the lettering pixellated . I will not be able to hang it . Very disappointing .
 I used to use these humidifiers every night , and they do put out a lot of nice warm moisture - but they are a pain to fill , a pain to clean , and with my water I have to add salt . After a while the output goes down and it starts to bubble/overboil and spit . Do n't use this for an everyday humidifier , I never would for everyday , but I would spend the 12 bucks to get one for a week or two 's use if I got sick . I do not know if a cool mist humidifier like the one I just bought would do so well for a cold.The Vicks models are cheap to buy and cheaply made ... not for long term or heavy duty use .
 First one I tried I thought I had done something wrong . After plugging it in , the room smelled of sewage -LRB- no joke , literally like sewage -RRB- . Could n't figure it out until I realized it was this vaporizer . Exchanged it , and same problem . Do n't know if that only happens the first X amount of tries but that is unacceptable !
 This humidifer gets so hot when in use that it actually warped the varnish on our night stand . While it performs moderately well especially for the price , I do not think it is worth the risk to continue using it . I would rather pay more money for a safer product .
 I would n't recommend this unless you use distilled water . I have fair city water and within 2 weeks of using it , it is nearly worthless , even after soaking it in vinegar for 2 days to try to get it clean . There is no easy way to get at the heating element to really get any buildup off like in the model I just went to the store and bought . For those shopping around , I just picked up a Honeywell HWM-950 for $ 30 and am extremely happy with it . The heating element is readily accessible to provide very easy cleaning which should make it last a nice long time , plus it really puts out the steam on the high setting .
 We bought this at some local place because we wanted something right now and this was cheap -LRB- I think under $ 14 after taxes -RRB- . It worked great at first , but it seemed to struggle after just a few days . We were disappointed but I tried to clean it to see if that would help since I saw black floaties in the tank and figured it may be deposits . Well it was , but you ca n't access the heating area so you have to let it sit and soak and if big chunks come loose , you have to shake it for like 5 min . to get them out . It took nearly 48 hours between soaking rinsing out big chunks of deposits and resoaking until I finally got it cleaned out enough that it worked like it originally did . Three days on and two days of cleaning are nowhere near what I would call worth it . Yes I know I 've got hard water and we used filtered water afterward , but then you have to mess with trying to get the salt right so it actually produces any steam . It still needed cleaning about every other week and still took just as long to do it . Just not worth the effort.Also , little child safety tab thing is way annoying , and if you have deposits built up toward your scheduled cleaning day the shut-off does n't work right . Sometimes it wo n't turn off , sometimes the unit wo n't turn on .1 star for the steam it makes right after cleaning , 1 star for the price we got .
 The vaporizer was purchased to add moisture to the air in our bedroom so that my sinuses would not be so dry through the night and in the morning . I could not tell a difference . At first , we could see the steam , but that only lasted a couple of nights , even though we followed the instructions explicitly .
 I received this humidifier as a thoughtful gift from my grandparents . However after the first time I used it I noticed a brackish color to teh water left and blackish flecks up to a quarter inch in diameter in the tank when I emptied it in the morning . The operating portion of the device that sits in the water was black so I assumed that it was something temporary . After two more uses it was seemingly getting worse . All I could think is that here I am using this for respiratory health and it 's spewing these black particles into the air.I 'm currently attempting to contact the manufacturer via email but have not heard back from them of yet . I have sent a second request .
 Being as I do n't have 2 million characters here , I will try to make it short . 1 . Product is JUNK - did n't work right out of the box . 2 . Call Haier
 Worked very well till it lasted . Then , it stopped working - would n't turn on . The stupid thing has no power LED ; it has 2 other LEDs , one comes on when it is working . So , you ca n't figure out what could be wrong . Checked water tank trip , and also tried changing the settings - no help . Very poor quality .
 product did not work from day one . phoned seller , cant help me , i have to call the manufacturer . called the mfg. on hold for 11/2 hrs , no response , left msg after being prompted to do so by their voicemail , suppose to get back to me in 48 hrs . Still waiting , 1 month later , tried the same thing again to no avail . these people are not good to do business with .
 After hooking this up in my basement , and using the hose attachment , it worked fine ; however , a year later , the machine shuts itself off when full in spite of fact that I have the hose connection on . They put the hole for the hose way on the top rather than on the bottom where it should be . I had a very savy handyman look at it and he too could n't figure out why the hole was on the top , nor how to get the water to drain through the hose . I am now shopping for a new brand .
 I bought a Haier 45 pint dehumidifier last year . Since new , it has been quite noisy and vibrated excessively . Because of the vibration and resultant metal fatigue , the tubing from the compressor to the condensor has cracked , so the refrigerant has been lost and the unit does n't work properly . Under the 5-year warranty , Haier will only cover parts , not labor . Also , I would have to find someone on my own to fix it and bill them , since their repair vendor does n't cover my model . Tne only part in this case would be solder to fix the crack , so I 'm pretty much stuck with the costs for repair . Not a good deal !
 I am completely disappointed with my purchase . I received the product and it does not work . The `` full '' light is on -LRB- the light that comes on when the dehumidifier tray is full and needs to be emptied -RRB- at all times , even when the water tray is empty . Therefore , the dehumidifier will not turn on because it `` thinks '' it has a full water tray . I am currently calling numerous places to see if I can get it fixed and find out if there is a warranty . What a pain !!
 bought online and now 5 months later , machine will not run .
 I purchased a Haier 65 pint dehumidifier . The first one worked fine for 4 months . Then the defrost mode quit working and it would freeze solid . Haier replaced it under warrenty . The second unit worked for 1 year . Now it 's doing the same thing . Out of warrenty and out of luck .
 In the middle of my second summer -LRB- about 15 months after purchase -RRB- it just died . It seems like an electrical problem in one of the circuit boards . I 'm looking for parts to replace it , but this thing is quite loud for its small size . The other problem I have is the cycle time . It would come on and run for a minute and then shut off and do it again . I knew the thing would break based on that .
 We used our Haier HDN455 in a finished basement to protect a piano . We liked that it had a mechanical knob to turn it down or off while playing - it was not as quiet as our older dehumidifiers but it did not overheat the space and was n't as noisy as the other new model we returned . However after 3 years of use at the normal setting with the fan on low , it has completely stopped working and wo n't even light up . There is a 5 year warranty on the compressor , but it costs $ 150 - $ 250 to replace a compressor according to the service people that Haier referred us to , and who knows if the compressor is the problem . In fairness we had forgotten there was a removable filter to clean , but the two previous dehumidifiers that lasted about 15 years each in the same situation did n't even have filters . So we are going to look for a different brand , preferably one that contains more environmentally friendly refrigerant such as Danby or Bionaire .
 Worked great the first year , started it up the second season would not work customer service is a joke , repair parts are hard to come by , etc. . If you have one or buy one good luck
 This dehumidifier worked great the first summer . The second summer all the controls would light up and the fan would run , but it did not collect any water . I put it by the side walk for the junk collection people . I 'm now in the market for a replacement .
 Dehumidifier stopped working after 1 year . Fan runs fine , compressor is hot but coils not cold ; hence no dehumification . Next time I buy a unit for a few bucks more that lasts more than a year .
 Unless you do n't mind buying a new dehumidifier every year or two , avoid Haier.Mine worked well when brand new - dried up our basement quickly . It was very loud and vibrated a lot , but that did n't bother us much as it was in the basement . After 11/2 seasons , it stopped dehumidifying . I took off the back , let it run for a while , and the compressor -- which was emanating a weak noise -- got so hot I was surprised it did n't melt the plastic.I called Haier . The customer svc rep who answered -LRB- `` I 'm the low man on the totem pole '' -RRB- agreed that the compressor was probably dead . The compressor and related parts are covered under a 5-year warranty , but not the labor . `` Unfortunately , '' she said , `` there are few shops around that will handle these kinds of repair . '' And Haier wo n't sell me the parts.My last dehumidifier -LRB- do n't remember the brand - NOT Haier -RRB- of similar size lasted about 12 years . The $ 190 I spent on this boat anchor was nearly a waste , but I 've learned an expensive lesson
 I will let the accounts of the many dissatisfied Haier victims stand for themselves . Yes , haier produces junk . I will add this ; they do n't honor their warranty obligations , and if their customer service were n't a run-around , it would be non-existent . My Haier dehumidifirer died before its warranty period was up , and I followed Haier 's instructions for intiating a warranty replacement . It has been a month since they received the package of items they requested , and they still have n't shipped a new unit . Delay , `` escalation '' , delay , `` escalation to corporate '' , etc. , and still no action . Do n't buy Haier
 UPDATE
 I bought this unit about 18 mos . ago . Sometime in the last several months , it died . Not sure when it gasped its last breath , but it is now DOA . Completely dead . My experience seems consistent with those of other buyers . Might want to avoid this unit .
 I bought this dehumidifier 13 months ago because of its high rating on this forum . It worked great for a year . I went down into our basement and noticed a slight moldy smell a few days ago . The dehumidfier fan was running , but no water was coming out of it . I tried unplugging it , cleaning the filter , changing the humidity control knob . The compressor is still not working . What a piece of garbage . Of course the warranty is only good for a year , so I am out $ 190 and have to buy a new on . Avoid this model !!
 i sent this back , i ran it for 3 days and nothing not one drop of moisture in a very damp basement . the noise was so loud you could not hear the tv or the phone ring and it was two rooms away .
 If you are deaf then this dehumidifier is for you ! Otherwise , it sounds like a train is going through your basement . Okay , that is an overstatement , but seriously , way too noisy , even in the basement , as it is easier to hear upstairs . Also , the bucket full light is constantly coming on , even though I have the drainage spout hooked up .
 AVOID THIS COMPANY !! My unit arrived broken . Haier customer service was rude & obnoxious . They were completely unapologetic & seemed to go out of their way to be UNHELPFUL . When I finally bullied them into action , they wanted a full week to send out a service man who may or may not have been able to fix it . I spoke to both customer service and corporate , both were extremely rude and entirely useless . What 's more , neither one had the decency to so much as apologize . NEVER AGAIN.This was every internet buyer 's nightmare !
 The positive reviews for this dehumidifier are most often from people who just started using it and are happy with the features . The fact is , I was happyt too until it stopped working after 9 months . There are 3 out of 14 reviews like that , one of which had it not work from the beginning . I would be interested to have people who wrote their reviews shortly after buying to update after 2 years of use . Even without this , 3/14 -LRB- over 20 % -RRB- failure rate is n't good for one year of use!I used this dehumidifier in the basement of my house . This worked fine and then stopped dehumidifying after 9 months . I do n't feel that a dehumidifier should stop working after such a short period of time . I examined the inside
 This unit worked fine for about a year . Second summer season it ceased to remove humidity from the air . May be an isolated incident , but ca n't recommend it .
 No mention in product information that fan is always on , even when target humidity level is reached . Second issue which I 'm not sure is a design defect or mfg QC issue involves auto-defrost feature . I suspect auto-defrost uses heating element to control ice build up , but that heating element is always on by design or defect , Haier CSR could n't tell me for sure . The result is when not dehumidifying this unit blows enough warm air to heat up my small basement by a few degrees . Not exactly my idea of a `` high-efficiency Energy-Star dehumidifier '' . This unit is going back for a full refund .
 Worked well for a little over a year in a basement . Now it cycles on and off but does not pull any moisture out of the air . Pretty expensive to only get about a year 's worth of use . Atleast the Whirlpool that it replaced went for two years
 Great product . Worked well up until it died a week out of warranty . No abuse , did n't run all that much but it 's dead all the same .
 Ours lasted exactly two years and two months . I guess we fared better than some . When it worked it worked great , but needless to say , we 'll be shopping for another brand this time .
 I was very satisfied for the first season . Now it does not work . Machine runs coils dont get cool no condensation no worky . Customer service does not exist , telephone calls and e-mails go unanswered.Dont throw your money away on this companies products .
 We purchased this unit about a year ago to replace a Soleus model that arrived broken . It is a touch on the noisy side , but since we use it in the garage for firewood in the winter , and in the basement in the summer , that 's not a problem for us . So far it has been on most of the time in one location or the other , and is still drawing the water out of the air -LRB- and the wood -RRB- very effectively . Although the unit is easy to move around , thanks to the wheels and light weight , I 'm about to buy a second one anyway to save going up and down the cellar stairs with it and have coverage in both places . For us , it has been a good value for the price.Update
 Brush was delivered promptly , hence the 2 stars . One cleaning and this brush fell apart - 7-8 wire bristles came clean off the brush . Another half a dozen wire bristles are barely hanging on - making the brush look like a Hallooween witch 's hair-do . Sent an enquiry plus pictures of the brush to the seller through amazon 5 days ago , have not heard back one way or the other . Disappointed with both the product and the level of customer service .
 I can not believe what a terrible product this was ... JUNK !!! Does not look like picture shown and is all cheap plastic . I do not get any sound other than the loud motor . Tried placing rocks etc. . . even moved leaves a little to see if would increase sound . I cant believe they even sell this thing .
 The water sound is very mild unless you put your head right up to it and I have good hearing ! I read a review about keeping it clean to avoid motor noise which I did but 2 months later , forget it . Clean clean clean and it rumbles rumble rumbles . After the first week the top light went out and I did not return it . -LRB- Dumb -RRB- Now the tiny motor is unbearable and when you keep it as full as they say , it makes a mess all over so you need to leave a towel on the floor if they are wood . It is plastic and cheap and the water sound was never great but after 2 months it is unusable . I would n't even pawn this off at a yard sale and now I am stuck with it . Beware people ... you do get what you pay for ! Find a good fountain company that stands behind its products beyond 30 days ! You have been warned so dont throw your money away on this !
 Did not work from the first day . So disappointing ! No way to return or replace this item . cheap plastic . Looks good in photo , but no good in person .
 So ugly ! I certainly did n't expect real copper for this price but I thought it would at least be a copper colored sheet metal . BROWN PLASTIC is what this is . Hideous and cheap looking .
 The fountain was very pretty after I got it set up with lots of rocks . However , the light at the top went out after two weeks , and the pump stopped working a week after that . Would NOT recommend buying this .
 This fountain was advertised as being copper . It 's actually green plastic . Buyer beware .
 I even tried to add my own rocks and make it look better , but it still looks & sounds like a piece of plastic with a small motor inside . Broke down after about 60 days . When they say copper , they mean copper color . Their is no metal parts or copper in this product.But it was cheap , not entirely deserving of 1 star . . I told my spouse it was junk , and you can clearly see from the picture and product description that it is junk . So if you are buying it , at least you know what you are getting . And if you did n't know , I think my review will also help you to know now.It would definitely be better if :1 . The actual frame looked nice instead of cheap plastic junk2 . They included enough rocks to actually fill up the bottom3 . They took the LED lights out4 . The motor lasted longer than 2 months .
 Pump was too small , could n't pump enough water to make any water fall noise with the water . Light not bright enough .
 This fountain looks nothing like the picture . This product is made of plastic . It looks like plastic . The rocks provided do n't cover half the bottom so be prepared to add rocks to make it look nice . If this was n't a Christmas present , I would return it . I am really disappointed in HoMedics selling this product for $ 35.00 . It is n't worth $ 10 .
 I bought this as an anniversary gift for my husband and was completely embarrased and immediately returned it . This was for our 7th anniversary , which is the copper anniversary . This thing is plastic , not copper , which was never noted in the description . There were 15 tiny rocks which barely covered any of the base , and it did n't work properly when we turned it on . This is just awful , and I do not recommend at all . The reviews I have looked at since returning it said that people spruced it up with more rocks . I do n't think it 's worth it for a cheap looking , plastic fountain . I was highly disappointed .
 The running of the motor in this little fountains is too noticeable in a quiet setting . Also you would have to change the water pretty frequently to prevent mold from forming underneath the rock area .
 This was so cheaply made that I took it out of the box and did n't even finish setting it up before I repacked it for return , cheap copper colored plastic and not even enough rocks to cover the bottom layer
 This product is very cheap . It is made of cheap plastic ... do n't be fooled by the picture . No matter how you arrange the rocks , you ca n't make the water sound nearly loud enough to overcome the pump noise . The pump is n't that loud , making it even more surprising that the water noise ca n't cover it . I took it back !
 Homedics Envirascape Garden Leaves Relaxation FountainI received this fountain for Christmas 2006 . By July 2007 I had to send it to Homedics to get a replacement since all of the lights were burned out . By January 2008 all of the lights are burned out again . I really like this fountain but will not buy another .
 Buyer beware ! It is a nice fountain , and I was happy with it . It requires a weekly change of water or else it gets noisy , and daily additions of water to keep it full . Mine just stopped working one day after 5 weeks of use . I ca n't return it through Amazon , and I 'll have to pay $ 7 shipping to return it to Homedics .
 While the fountain does what it 's supposed to do , the color in the photo is is not the color ofthe unit itself . It 's brown , plastic , and lookscheap . I do n't understand where the copper comesfrom until you turn it on . The light gives it abit of copper color . Also , the stones around thebase . You ca n't even cover a quarter of it . Ihave to buy more.Overall , I guess you get what you pay for , however , I have paid less and gotten more .
 The only sound I could hear was the motor gently humming . There were no water noises . I tried placing rocks on the different leaf-platforms but that did n't help . The fountain is made of plastic , not copper . The photo is accurate . It is pretty , table-top sized and the lights were nice.I was so grateful that the Amazon return process was easy .
 My husband and I recently celebrated our seventh wedding anniversary , and one of the traditional seventh anniversary gifts is copper . I bought this fountain , thinking that it would be beautiful for my husband 's desk at home or at work . Wrong ! It 's made of cheap plastic and is NOT copper at all . It 's dark plastic meant to * look * like copper from a distance -LRB- but it does n't , really -RRB- . The rocks that are included are n't big at all ~ they 're more like pebbles ! There are n't even enough to cover the bottom . The fountain is very small . I 'm totally returning this item and saving my $ 30 for a * real * copper fountain someday .
 I purchased this fountain at Target and was disappointed when I opened it at home . It 's made of brown plastic that does not come close to resembling copper . In my opinion , it looks very cheap . I searched for the fountain on Amazon to read reviewer comments . They confirm my concerns ... that the fountain likely wo n't last long . I will return it .
 I ordered - and returned - two of these before I gave up and switched to a different model HoMedics fountain . The lights went out after less than 2 weeks . On TWO of them . It must be a design flaw . I had purchased other HoMedics fountains -LRB- different designs -RRB- and never had a problem . But , this one is a loser . The Shimmering Towers -LRB- which looks like candles -RRB- works well and holds up well . The last time I returned this model , I switched back to the Shimmering Towers .
 I bought this at Walmart - it is cheap looking and plastic , not as nice as it looks on the box . It quit working after a few weeks .
 Motor was very loud and could not hear the water at all . This item was sent back .
 I was disappointed that this fountain ended up being made of cheap plastic . There is barely any sound of the falling water . And the stones do n't cover much . For $ 30 I 'd expect more .
 This fountain not only is made out of cheap plastic , but the pump broke after 1 month . I do not recommend it .
 Purchased this fountain as a 2nd tabletop fountain for my house . All plastic , noisy , not enough rocks to cover the platform -- total disappointment ! I could barely hear the water over the noisy pump . My first fountain -LRB- Homedics-same brand -RRB- works lovely . It 's the Zen Fountain -LRB- actually made of stone and < $ 20 -RRB- , so I thought I would be pleased with this one . Going back to get my $ 30 for this piece and purchase a quality item .
 I was very disappointed when I opened the box because the fountain was not made of copper but of plastic to resemble copper . Then the pump was noisy and only worked for 15 minutes . I will be returning this fountain back as soon as I find out how to .
 Had my expectations a lil high after viewing all the reviews ... however , was n't really happy after I started using it ... yes , the motor is quite quiet :-RRB- but the sound made by the water is really low even after I adjust the stones to get a lounder sound ; at times I really could n't differentiate btwn the sound of the fountain water and the ones running in my heater pipes : -LRB-
 It was n't coppery colored like in the picture -LRB- cheap flat colored plastic instead -RRB- and even more disappointing , it came missing a tube that was an essential part . I ended up throwing it away , between the two defects it was useless . I wo n't buy from them again .
 The motor is louder than the water falling . I wish I 'd read the reviews before I bought this . VERY DISAPOINTING
 Not bad . Not good . VERY noisy . Had to buy more rocks for the bottom . Pretty , good detail . Somewhat cheesy yellow light on top . Using it , but would not recommend it .
 I bought this product from another store . I expected it to be a nice fountain . It is absolute junk . It may look like it 's metal but it is not . It 's plastic . The plastic is n't even painted to look like it 's metal . It 's just brown . I am not even setting it up because it is NOT worth the $ 35 that I spent on it . I have already boxed it up and am taking it back to the store . Please save yourself the disappointment and DO NOT buy this item .
 The lights were very pretty at first , but lasted for just a few weeks , although 1 kept working on and off for a few months . We added a lot more rocks to stop the water from splashing
 Never has worked ... The top tier was snapped off when we got it ... Also , what is anyone supposed to do with only enough rocks to fill a small child 's hand ?
 This fountain has a nice design and very gentle , soothing sound . The actual construction is CHEAP . It is all plastic and looks chintzy even in a dimly lit room . $ 20.00 is about the maximum it is worth . About 10 stones came with it , which is not enough to look artistic . The motor is not silent but it 's not obnoxiously loud either . I plan on keeping and painting it to make it look a little more chic . If you want to use this in a spot to add some class , fu get about it . I plan on using it in a clinic which is not expected to have anything but the inexpensive furniture found in a community clinic . With some artistic paint work it will add a nice touch and a little feng shui .
 Oh man ... The idea was really great to create such a fountain with this nice design of garden leaves and lighting but if only it could work for a little longer !! The bulbs were dead by the end of the second week , and the pipes through which the water runs become stained and there is no way to clean them . Finally , the inner surface of the boat gets really tough stain with time and I used endless amount of cleaners to get rid of that stain -- no way !!! The water needs to be changed very often , otherwise , it will get sticky and the engine will work slowly ... Wheh ... Too much work for a little pleasure . Would not recommend this product .
 For $ 30 , you can buy yourself a better fountain . This one was a big disappointment for me . It does look like the one on the picture but it does n't give you that shiny glare since the whole unit is made of plastic . The rocks included are small , about the size of a penny or a quarter if you get lucky . If you do n't care about the plastic , then the fountain might be for you . But that plastic look really bother me and it felt as it was cheaply made . They could 've at least spray painted it gold or copper .
 ... unless you are hard at hearing . I bought this because I like the sound of water ... but on this one all you hear is the motor of the pump , it overrides any water pleasures .
 Well then I suppose I can start by saying that this was my first ever Hamilton Beach product and last ... . Construction of the food processor is weak and inferior . The blade broke after chopping vegetables for a pesto sauce I was making . It was n't even a third full . So I called costumer service to get a new blade . They sent me one but it did not fit . Why ? Because the change the design of the blade and also changed the design of the bowl . But I did not get the replacement bowl only the blade . So now I have to pay to get the new bowl . Yes you read it correctly . They would not send me the new designed bowl even under warranty . Their costumer service is a far cry from understanding customers with their issues . I do n't think they even understand the English language . Save you money and buy something else ... My is rendered useless ...
 I bought this for my mother & what a great disappointment . It does not chop or shred evenly . It leaves big chunks & is very noisy . Try a different food processor than this one !!!!
 This was a gift for my wife who had wanted a large capacity food processor . When she used it , it leaked liquid all around the sides since the liquid thrown up the sides went right through the seam between the top and the bowl , and bits of food were thrown up into the lid of the feed-tube where it was hard to get to and remove during cleaning . She was not happy with these two problems and was disappointed that the chopping mechanism was not more efficient . Ultimately , we returned it and bought a Kitchen Aid food processor instead
 The positive is the big mouth which certainly accomodates whole fruit and vegetables.The major negative is the speed . The lowest setting is much too fast and things like cheese clump . The blade sits too high to puree effectively .
 Yes , it is huge and no , it 's not too difficult to clean but keeping food upright in the chute and getting the machine to completely chop something is not possible . I 'm a novice at food processors . This is my first but if they are all like this I do n't see the point in having one . Actually , I would be willing to donate it to our thrift shop if I knew which one to buy to replace it without having the same problems .
 Loved the processor for first 8-10 months . Then the plastic 2 piece lid started coming apart -- continually . Also , I have never washed the plastic pieces in the dishwasher but it was only a matter of a few months before the plastic became so dull looking that I had to keep it covered from view . I have used it on a daily basis.One day I proceeded to fill the food bin . Turned it on . Nothing . NO hum , grind , nothing . Yes , all the parts were lined up . Same as always . Checked the circuit breaker and they were all on . Plugged another appliance into the same outlet and that applicance worked fine.Now for the worse part . This happened just one week after the 1 year warrenty expired !! As I have a disabled son who needs to have all food ground , I had to go out and buy another processor so he could have his dinner . No , I did not buy another Hamilton Beach food processor .
 I bought this after reading several reviews from persons who really liked it , and the fact that I have a large family to cook for . I was not so pleased . The plastic top chipped off around the rim within 9 months . We had to throw the whole thing out . A couple of good performance areas with several negative.Pros : - It does handle a whole potato or tomatoe without having to chop it up first.-It does what it says it does . It chops , slices and shreds.-it 's big enough to handle a big family.Cons : - It does not handle hard cheeses -LRB- parmesean , romano , etc -RRB- well . You wind up with a big chunk of cheese left between the shredder blade and the top of the machine -LRB- not just cheese , potatoes also had a big jamming issue -RRB- - DO NOT try to chop ice in this processor . It chipped off a small piece of the lid , which from then on , continued to chip and break on anything harder than a tomatoe until it would no longer stay closed-IT 's VERY LOUD-does not handle spices or small things well . It 's just too big.Overall , it does what it says it does . It saves you time , but it 's loud and not very durable . Food gets stuck and wo n't shred or slice , which you wind up throwing out -LRB- more waste -RRB- . I would not recommend this to anyone , nor would I purchase it again .
 I PURCHASED MY PROCESSOR ABOUT 10MO . AGO ... AFTER SEVERAL WASHINGS WITH THE BLADES ETC. . THEY STARTED TO BECOME REALLY RUSTED AND SMELLED BAD ... YES , I DID DRY THEM COMPLETELY-THEY JUST ENDED UP RUSTED WITH THAT SMELL AFTER SOME TIME ... I EMAILED THE COMPANY FOR A REPLACEMENT OF SOME KIND , THEY TOLD ME I NEEDED TO BRING IT BACK TO THE STORE I PURCHASED IT FROM ... THE STORE ONLY ALLOWS RETURNS UP TO 90 DAYS ... I ENDED UP THROWING THIS PRODUCT AWAY ... I WILL NEVER GET ANOTHER PRODUCT FROM HAMILTON AGAIN ... NOW I HAVE A KITCHENAID AND THE PARTS ARE REPLACEABLE AND THEY WILL GUARANTEE THEIR WARRANTIES LIKE NO OTHER ... PERSONALLY RECOMMEND `` NOT '' TO PURCHASE THIS ITEM - $ $ $ WASTED !!!
 Died after just a few uses and did it while mixing flour with salt of all things!Also blades got duller after just the first couple uses . One could tell that this was an inferior product by how thin the blade metal was . Definitely do not recommend .
 I have had this food processor for a couple of years , and found it difficult to use , hard to clean and impractical . It is very hard to get it closed properly to operate it , and the suction cup feet make it next to impossible to move once you 've got it placed somewhere . The lid stayed dirty , even after the dishwasher , and eventually broke . I do not recommend this model at all ... go with Kitchenaid .
 I bought this food processor because it had a large capacity , which I needed , but the engineering and design of this product leaves alot to be desired . The first usage surprised me because all of the liquid inside splashed up and began to run down the outside of the container . I have decided to add liquids last , but there are several other downsides to this food processor . The splashing of what is being chopped in the bowl sends food up into the upper lid , where it lodges and is hard to remove . Chopping is uneven and there seems to be no way to get all things chopped evenly , whether layered on top or the bottom . Although this is called `` Big Mouth '' , it is hard to add large things through the food chute since the opening to the chute is smaller than the chute itself . In order to load the ` big mouth ' you have to open the top , which automatically shuts off the food processor . What a disappointment this machine was !
 I received this as a gift and ended up throwing it out about six months later . The biggest problem is the gap between the bottom of the lid and the top of the slicer/grater . This gap is a real pain in the you-know-what when you 're grating cheese as you can only grate about 3/4 of the block before the remaining cheese is pulled into this gap and spins around on the TOP of the blade . This also happens with anything else you try to slice or grate , but cheese was always the worst because I ended up with a sticky , cheesy mess beneath the lid.Another problem is with the locking lid . After using it a few times , the hinged lid -LRB- which will prevent the machine from operating if not closed properly -RRB- stuck and I snapped it off accidently trying to unstick it . There was also a space in the lid that accumulated `` dishwasher gunk '' that I could never clean out.This may seem like a good processor for the price , but if I had known the problems with it ahead of time , I would never have put it on my wish list .
 My product came with no seals , so if I filled the bowl over 1/3 of the capacity , all of the liquid would spill out of the sides at the bottom and at the top of the bowl.It either comes defective without seals , or I just got a bad one . Now I 'm on the way out to buy another brand . Never another Hamilton Beach one!Hamilton Beach 70590 Big Mouth 14-Cup Food Processor
 I 've had my food processor for 8 months , so please take this review to heart . I 'm not reviewing it the day I got it.The area inside the handle is full of gunk and can not be cleaned . I suppose I could pry it apart with a screwdriver , but I should n't have to do that . There is also a cylinder in the top feed area that gets gunked up on the inside where it can not be cleaned . I did take one of those tiny 8 sided star screwdrivers to open it and clean it.If I put anything that has a higher liquid content , it leaks out the edges of the lid.The top portion cracked on me and now I 'm operating it by pressing a knife or fork on the metal dowel thing.I 've only had this for 8 months , but I 'm in the market for another brand . I do have a terrific Hamilton Beach coffee maker and I 've always considered this a good brand , but the engineering behind this food processor could have used more testing.It does have a strong motor and it does a nice job on the onions and carrots , but I would n't ever buy another Hamilton Beech food processor .
 I bought a 3 '' pellet stove brush that has 1/4 '' threads so I needed rods with 1/4 '' female ends . That 's what the description says BUT it 's 1/4 NPT or pipe thread , which is WAY BIGGER than 1/4-20 thread ... . Grrrr . I made up an adapter from my junk jars but why should I have had to do that !
 The ad said `` rods '' , I got one rod . I cant clean my chimney with one rod . I 'm probably going to return this `` rod '' and buy the set from someone else
 Did not propery fit my Cuisinant coffe maker . Would not sit properly on heat plate . Very poorly made
 The lid does not snap on the glass carafe securely ... a few accidents . . I prefer not to have to be concerned about this constantly . .
 The design is good but this product is very fragile.We have broken two in the last year.Since this is a replacemnt for the coffee maker , I would think twice before buying the Cuisinart coffee maker , with this carafe .
 Item is already in trash . Blades separated from holder and broke.Also blades did not cut very well , just were not sharp enough.Would not buy again .
 I tried to chop an onion with this chopper , even though I chopped the onion in small chunks it would not go through the largest grid . So I then dried to chop and egg for making egg salad , the egg stuck to the dicing pusher , so after each egg I had to clean the pusher off . It took more time to try to chop the eggs than if I would have chopped each one myself individually .
 Disapointed in this product . It is not what I had hoped for . I was using the vidallia chopper in the past and was hoping this would be better . When you push down the whole bottom comes up and I actually tape it down !! Works great when taped but will probably go back to the other tyoe on my next purchase .
 THE MASHING GRID ON THIS POTATO MASHER IS HUGE . YOU SMUSH OR CRUSH THE POTATOES WITH IT , NOT MASH & CREAM . ALSO THE HANDLE IS SO BIG AROUND IT IS NOT COMFORTABLE IN MY HAND . I WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THE PERFORMANCE . I HAVE NEVER SEEN A MASHER THAT WAS SO `` BULKY '' I SUPPOSE IS THE WORD TO USE IN THE DESCRIPTION .
 I had planned to use this as a center piece over the front or our queen bed on the wall , but it was extremely dark . It was depressing . I had hoped the color would be lighter in order to make the room more pleasant . I thought it came with a frame , but it did not . I priced a custom made frame , but it was over $ 100.00 , so I was not able to use this art piece at all and lost my money on it.I wo n't trust your colors for art orders again .
 This is a TINY Mortar with less than 2 oz . use-able capacity . It will hold about 4 oz . liquid , but good luck using it for more than an ounce or two of herbs . The description DOES NOT make that clear . Buy it if you want a toy but NOT to crush herbs for cooking .
 I am a prfessional Chef , I bought this Bag Because I use global knives , the bag sucks it actually broke my favorite global knive in half when I put it in their . I am done with globals for good .
 I love the idea , but it was poorly constructed . I poured almost my entire bottle of olive oil into the large part of the cruet and then cleaned out the funnel so that I could pour in some balsamic vinegar . There must be a hole in the spout for the vinegar because a few drops of the vinegar somehow dripped into the olive oil when I was pouring it in . Now when I tried to pour out the vinegar all that comes out of the side spout is olive oil . I would like to just get a replacement without a hole because I really like how it looks however .
 When I picked up the package from my front step I could hear the sound of glass -- not a good sign . Sure enough , the inner grape part -LRB- where the vinegar would be stored -RRB- had broken off in shipment . This is a very delicate item . I was purchasing this as a replacement for one I bought in a vineyard in California . I broke that one myself by dropping it -- again , the inner grape part broke off . I was hoping to buy a replacement because this is such a neat looking cruet . We had no problem bringing it home from California in a suitcase but apparently companies can not be trusted to be as careful .
 After opening the box I found it broken into small pieces . The whole thing is wrapped in a big block of styrofoam , so I have no idea how it would have gotten broken .
 Package did not protect this very delicate , thin glass product . Arrived broken !!!!! Unusable !!!
 Within 3 weeks it began to squeak like a demented cricket . The fireplace and blower have been installed for less than a month and the fan is driving me insane .
 Not very practical , not enough outside pockets , the inside zipper should be 2 different zippers so you do n't always have to open the entire bag . There is not enough storage for extras gadgets . The 21 pockets for knives is great but that is the only thing that is great . This bag is not good for anyone who has to go in and out of the bag throughout the day . I would not reccomend this bag at all !!
 I recommended the Amici milk bottles to my friend . She had seen mine and loved them . When her order arrived the bottles were green . I do see green in the description for the Global Amici versus the Amici . it is possible she ordered these by mistake , but why show a clear glass bottle and not a green one .
 I purchased air king 20 inch window fan . After 13 months which constitude three months of service as I only use it in the summer it stopped running . AIR KING replaced it and the second one stopped running after three months of service . This fan cost me about $ 200 . I have had in the past inexpensive fans that lasted for 5-7 years.I am very disappointed with this product and I will never buy any AIR KING product .
 The fan is good a blowing air into a room , and it does pull air out of the room when you put it on exhaust . Unfortunately they did not make the opening for the fan itself circular , like they do when they make attic fans . That would have made it 2-3 times better at pulling air out of a room . Hunter used to make great window fans , that would pull cool air into the whole house , because they had shielding for the fan so that there was a circular opening - once the air was pushed out of the house , it would n't circle back through the open part of the fan and get back in . This could easily have been as great of a product if they had put the right shroud around the fan .
 I thought I was getting a powerful window fan . For the price of this fan I could have gotten about 5 larger box fans from any major outlet store . It is not as powerful as my cheaper $ 18.00 box fan .
 The fan does work fairly well as an intake fan . However , in exhaust mode -LRB- the mode I need -RRB- , I can barely feel a breeze from either side of the unit . It simply does n't work as an exhaust fan . Therefore , to accurately describe the fan it may be a 2,470 cfm intake fan and it is about a 2 cfm exhaust fan . I 'm returning it . By the way , the packing slip from `` Air-n-Water '' states that a 15 % restocking fee that applies to all returns . I am very unhappy with the fan and will be extremely unhappy with `` Air-n-Water '' if they try to hit me with a restocking fee .
 When I opened the box the first thing I noticed is the extrememly low quality plastic . One of the expandable screens was cracked at the edge - even though there was no damage to the external packaging . Then I discovered the expandable screens do n't glide , they grate , and do n't stay is place . And the winning discovery was that the fan does n't operate - at all . No lights , no spinning blades , not even a hint of movement from the motor.To top it off I was charged $ 20 in shipping , a $ 15 re-stocking fee and $ 20 to return a defective piece of merchandise . I would absolutely recommend buying your fan from somewhere else . Support a local store that cares about your return business .
 bought this unit 2 days ago from home depot , n also using military discount . read reviews etc , so went with this one ... after 3 days of use the igniter does not work w/their 2 batts ... had to use my own propane lighter ... some people said they were cooking on this stove , , , wow , they must have s diff model than i have . w/the 1/2 '' flame it , s barely warm to the hand ... anyway , i would not recommend this heater , at least the one i have bought , for sure . i , m so so sick of buying stuff that also does not do what it , s suppossed to do . this was made in korea , , , not china ?!!! what , s up w/that . piece of work ! but looks real good ! following the inst book with a flame at 1/2 '' as the desired flame ht , not much heat at all . sorry for the negativity , it , s my experience so far .
 After giving this to my 7 year old , who loved the sheets , matching comfortor , we noticed a clean cut rip -LRB- slice -RRB- in the top sheet while getting into bed , right smack in the middle ! It is about 5 inches long , almost looks like it was from a box cutter , but no signs of the plastic packaging beeing cut ??? The set is really boyish - very nice except the rip . I do not like to pay for something new that is damaged , unfortunately we already disposed of the packaging , so returning them is not an option at this time .
 While the bars get hot , after about 30 minutes , it does n't make the towel that hot , barely warm if that . The only warm spots are where the towel actually touches the bars . Do n't even bother . We returned ours . You get what you pay for .
 Do n't waste your money on this item . While it is a great idea , it does n't work at all . The towel only gets warm where it lay on the bars , so you have a regular towel with a few warm spots . I am returning mine ASAP .
 This towel warmer leaked oil on my carpet . When I further researched the product I did find a unit which had an electric element without oil which did not leak oil at a lower price . I purchased this product at Bed , Bath and Beyond for -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- and it works very well keeping my towels very dry and also warm . It heats up more quickly and more evenly .
 Although it is a very cool looking vacuum , it has very little power and is not worth the money paid for it . I simply threw it out after six months rather than continue to be frustrated every time I used it .
 This vacuum is not good . It spits stuff back out at me , and it hurts sometimes ! The filter clogs too quickly . What a waste of money . Now I have to tell my husband I need another vacuum , he is n't going to be happy .
 There are so many flaws with this vaccum it 's diffult to narrow it down to just a few . But for the sake of space and time I 'll say this about the outlast ... 1 -RRB- there is almost no suction . I stood over a small pile of sawdust for about 60 seconds and less than 1/4 of it was actually picked up . I could go over a same spot on my carpet a dozen times and it would still only pick up maybe 30 % ... if I 'm lucky . 2 -RRB- It constantly spits debris out the back , on carpet and on bare surfaces . Actually kinda painful if you 're in shorts or a skirt . 3 -RRB- The Hepa filter is a joke - it was plugged within the first week . 4 -RRB- Very difficult to vaccum stairs with . There are no hand holds and the attached hose has less suction than a turkey baster . Really - do n't buy this vaccum .
 I am very disappointed in this product . I think it should be renamed the Dirt Devil Snail . It has very little suction power , and the hole for the debris to go through is as equally little . I bought this vac to sit next to the cat litter box , just to pick up the litter that dropped out , and it ca n't even do that . It takes less time to walk down the hall , get the regular vacuum out of the closet , drag it back to the cat room , lift it over the child gate , plug it in , etc. , than it does to use the Dirt Devil Snail cordless vacuum . On that note , it is also difficult to replace it on the charger , it feels like it is going to break every time I try.If you are looking for a good hand vac , try the Black & Decker Wet/Dry Dust Buster 7.2 V . The Black & Decker is the way to go !
 This worked ok and I even liked the spout for vacuuming up cat litter in tight spaces but alas it died an early death after only two years .
 The bowls are nice for storage which I felt was a bit pricey . As far as chopping goes , unless you 're chopping loads of bulbs , get out your knife and chopping board .
 I recently decided to treat myself to new dinnerware as a 40th birthday present . After much searching , I decided on Fiestaware in an assortment of colors . I loved the idea of mixing and matching placesettings and accessories , and the colors are yummy and look great with my deep red dining room . Add to that the durability and oven to freezer to dishwasher capabilities and I was sold on the idea.The first of my order to arrive were 4 of the 63/4 oz . boullion cups in black , plum , turquoise and persimmon . The cups are a fabulous shape and the perfect size for making -LRB- among other things -RRB- molten chocolate cakes.But alas , the persimmon cup had significant glaze flaws with bits of debris in the glaze in the interior of the dish -LRB- the other cups were fine -RRB- . A big thumbs up to Amazon , though , for printing a label for returning the cup is a snap , and Amazon pays for the shipping . I chose to order a replacement cup in persimmon , and it arrived via overnight shipping before I could even ship the defective cup.Much to my dismay , though , the replacement cup ALSO has significant glazing flaws , with a big glaze skip on the rim . I have yet to receive the remainder of my dinner ware but I must say I am beginning to wonder if Fiestaware was the right choice ...
 The glazing was defective on both bowls . This is the only Fiesta item I have ever had a problem with !
 These bowls catch every stroke of silverware that touches them . They mark up very easily -LRB- hundreds of silver lines -RRB- and have to be cleaned/polished with a cleaner that Pfaltzgraff provides . I 'm going to buy some replacements .
 I am from Germany and love Villeroy & Boch which is a German company and very popular for its tableware -LRB- mostly for its dishes , not so much for its flatware -RRB- . When moving to the United States I was surprised that the selection of silverware is more limited than the one in Germany.The silverware available in the U.S. is mainly produced in Vietnam , only one set I am aware of is made in Indonesia -LRB- `` Mademoiselle '' , I think -RRB- . This would not be a problem for me if it was actually mentioned in the product description or was visible on the amazon photos or on the official website on the Villeroy & Boch website . However , the print `` Vietnam '' has been removed from the photos with photoshop and the photos do not reflect the actual silverware you will receive . The silverware you will receive has a `` Vietnam '' print on the kife . The print makes an otherwise nice flatware set look cheap , visible for all your guests.I expected high quality silverware made in Germany -LRB- unless mentioned otherwise -RRB- , but received somewhat quality made silverware made in Vietnam ... I am disappointed.I uploaded some photos for you to see what i am talking about .
 Within the first 5 minutes of turning it on the think caught fire . I bought it to use in my bunk in Afghanistan , but luckily i decided to test it out first . I clipped to my desk and I smelled a strong electical buring smell as soon as I turned it on . The a ` pop ' and a puff of smoke and a small flame . I yanked it off the desk and threw it outside in the dust before it set off the smoke alarms . Total POS and a waste of money !!! I hope Amazon will give me a refund .
 I 'm searching for a fan to use in my bedroom as white noise at night , but this fan started ticking pretty loudly about 10 minutes after I plugged it in . Still searching ...
 I do n't know who are writing these reviews ! Yeah , the fan is durable . Yeah , it clamps on well . However , unless your face is 2 inches from it , you ca n't feel a thing !!
 A sturdy little fan , with a grippy clamp . Very adjustable . Lacks data regarding how much power it draws . Grounded plug . Not too loud , especially on lower setting . Added 1 January 2010
 This is a fan ? I stood right in front of it and did n't feel any air movement.Not worth the money.Get a Holmes Fan , they have the right blade setup to get air to move .
 you can get a much better looking valance at wal-mart and u do n't pay shipping or the wait and it cost less that would be my anwser also there is very little of spiderman shown on valance but not the one at walmart
 After giving this to my 7 year old , who loved the sheets , matching comfortor , we noticed a clean cut rip -LRB- slice -RRB- in the top sheet while getting into bed , right smack in the middle ! It is about 5 inches long , almost looks like it was from a box cutter , but no signs of the plastic packaging beeing cut ??? The set is really boyish - very nice except the rip . I do not like to pay for something new that is damaged , unfortunately we already disposed of the packaging , so returning them is not an option at this time .
 Beautiful product but unfortunately the glass is not dyed.I scraped a bit hard to get the label off the glass and I peeled off the color too ! It is covered by a thin colored cellophane ! Curiously I have been unable to find a description of the product in the manufacturers web www.leonardo.de .
 i bought this product , after reading all the revews and since this has the plastic protection previously lacking i felt confident it wouldnt damage my expensive and cherished knives , so i started it on my whustof knife , and to my astonishment when i removed this knife guide from the knife it left a nasty scratch on my knife looks awfull needless to say i trew them away , the dmt sharpening guide is way better and worry free , i learned from my mistake , hope this help others .
 Despite claims that the plastic inserts prevent knife scratches , the first and only time I used these guides , they scratched my 8 '' Wustof chef 's knife badly . Do not buy .
 Because of this awful product , which did n't help me sharpen the knife at all , I now have a scratch that runs the length of my new Global Chef 's knife . Thanks piece of crap sharpening guide !
 If you want an extra gadget to take up space in your kitchen , then go ahead . Otherwise , I would stay away from this one .
 Today I bought one with plastic insert and I can confirm it scratched my knife at the second and further insertion attempts . I could almost hear the sound :-RRB- . No matter how long I have washed it under running water.Also when I set it aligned to the blade edge as instructed in the manual -LRB- not aligned to the knife end -RRB- , I find it impossible for it not to move while sharpening ...
 not good for much . gives a slight breeze if you stand in front of it just so . do n't waste your money .
 Disappointment ... . what a waste of $ 22.00 , I wound n't pay $ 5.00 for this fan . I can blow harded then this unit can move air . DO N'T BUY IT !!
 I had my two 12 '' fans go out days apart as we had a hot summer this year . This little 6 '' fan just stirs around the hot air but if you keep it on a desk , near your face , it is better than nothing and was not worth the effort to return . Would I buy it again ? NO . Buy larger and better quality .
 Purchased Aug 11th and switch broke Oct 31 . Now it wo n't turn on at all . Use ? Run 8 hours a day monday - friday . Was great for that time though .
 . . after a few months using it full time on low cooling the fins on the back of a refrigerator it started making annoying vibrating clicking noise . . for a good sturdy quiet fan try wholesale marine $ 25.00 for a caframo chinook 7 inch fan .
 Bought this last year , it 's been sitting on my desk at work since then . Worked fine until yesterday when I turned on the fan and the blades would not turn , it just makes a humming noise . I 've tried to bring it back to life , but not luck so far .
 THESE FANS DID NOT AUTOMATICALLY CIRCULATE ... ALSO DID N'T BLOW ENOUGH AIR FOR MY TASTE ... I FELT THEY WERE CHEAP AND WOULD NOT BUY AGAIN
 We bought this fan because we wanted something cheap , to put in our rooms to make noise at night , and provide some slight air circulation . This fan is way too small , and hardly makes any noise . It did not accomplish what we were looking for . It does provide air circulation . Yes , the fan does turn .
 We have used one of these genuine mr. coffee filters for about 3 years bought from bed bath & beyond for about $ 15 with no problems . it finally started to come apart at the bottom so we placed an order for this one as a replacement and just at one month it already has started to pull away from the plastic frame , right in the middle of one of the sides . what a piece of poorly made junk . and btw , we never put it in the dishwasher and were always very gentle with it while washing . is it possibly not a genuine mr. coffee ?? do not buy this filter . it 's not even worth the time and energy to send it back . now i have to buy another one since this one is already leaking coffee grounds out of the hole .
 I was disappointed in the amount of plastic at the bottom -LRB- hard to see in the photo -RRB- . Pouring boiling water over the plastic is n't my idea of healthy , so I stopped using it .
 Not mine ... this mug did n't even remotely fit . Way too big for the Z4 , and it leaked from Day One . It promptly went right back .
 The small size is perfect if you do not want to stuff yourself every morning . However , if you accidentally place this mug in the dishwasher , the bottom WILL come off and you will get water accumulation between the inner and outer lining of the cup . This `` dishwasher water '' will then conveniently drip on your clothes as you are drinking your coffee . Do not recommend .
 I bought mine from the local BMW dealership and made sure it fit the cupholders in my 328i . But as soon as I tried drinking coffee it spilled very easily and I have resorted to taking the lid off to drink . Needless to say , this is incredibly inconvenient and a POOR design !
 WELL , HERE I AM COMPLAINING ABOUT THE 3RD ANALON KITCHEN TOOLS I PURCHASED . . ITS THE SAME OLD STORY . MAYBE IF I WAS FIXING A GIANT BOWL OF CREAMED POTATOES FOR SAY , `` PAUL BUNYON '' , IT MIGHT BE OKAY . TAKE A GOOD LOOK AT HOW THICK THE TINES ARE ON THIS ! GIGANTIC ! I TRULY BELIEVE THIS WAS A BIG MISTAKE . SORRY ANALON !!!
 I really dislike the coffeemakers in hotel rooms - I 've seen how the housekeeping staff `` cleans '' them , and I 've also seen what some guests do to them , so I avoid the hotel coffeemakers . I wanted a coffeemaker that would easily fit in my overnight bag , and the Zelco seemed like the perfect match . Unfortunately , it did n't work out.As others have noticed , the power button is a little strange . At first I did n't think it actually worked , like some other reviewers thought , but I did finally get the hang of it . The coffeemaker does a good job of heating water to a temperature sufficient for tea , instant hot chocolate , or instant soup . When it comes to coffee , the story changes.I use a coffee that is ground very fine , and I like it strong . The Zelco seems to have a problem with this . Because of the grind and the amount , a significant portion of the coffee grounds escaped the filter during brewing , ending up in my cup . I found that I would have to change to a coarser grind , AND reduce the strength , in order for the Zelco to keep most of the grounds in the filter . Non-starter for me.I guess I 'm stuck with toting a larger pot , or hoping that the hotel coffeemaker is n't dirty or contaminated with some disgusting substance .
 I spent $ 39.99 on this coffeemaker . When I received it , I thought ... `` this thing is about $ 20-25 overpriced . '' Still , I tried it by running hot water through it as instructed . First , why is there an ON button ?? It does n't depress and does n't work ! The unit came on as soon as I plugged it in . Trying hitting the ON button to shut it off and it still does n't work . Better have that cup under the unit before plugging it in . Second , I know that it is a compact unit , but it is SLOW . I can only imagine how it pumps once it is also going through coffee grounds . Since the unit is defective -LRB- ON button -RRB- and not up to my expectatations , this was returned.As I review this , I notice that the price has dropped to about $ 22 . Much better price , but still not worth it in my opinion .
 Except for the non functioning start button , this Travel Coffee and tea brewer is great . A start button is kinda essential though - in my experience with three Zelco 's , the button just does n't work .
 Yes , it 's small and travels well , but it is a lot of trouble making coffee ... and it does n't taste any better . I want great coffee when I travel , so I usually pass on the hotel coffee makers . But save your money on this thing and go buy a french press and a immersion heater to make a fantastic cup of joe .
 When I ordered the gasket set pictured , it leads you to believe that there are 5 diferent sized gaskets that come with it for one price.BEWARE this is not so . Add is very misleading . Make sure you ask for the right diameter . Other than that , the product is serviceable .
 The price was very good , but the first one I ordered had to be returned , due to surface flaws . I ordered another , and it also had surface flaws and I had to return it . These are what I consider `` seconds '' and maybe that is why you are selling this item at a low price , but I would not have ordered , even at the low price if I knew that these were flawed items .
 I should have paid more attention to the previous reviews . I also received a flawed gravy boat . The base has a crack that did n't come from shipping - it occured during manufacturing . The color and glaze go right over the crack . Definitely looks like Fiestaware `` seconds '' . I 'll be returning this product .
 The product I received would have been considered a `` second '' had I bought it directly from HLC . Should probably cost half the price for a piece in this condition . There were several deep pock-marks in the glaze , both on the outside and inside of the dish . Ended up returning .
 This poster is a bad scan of something -LRB- a VHS box ? A magazine ad ? Who knows ! -RRB- , and the image is completely blurry and out of focus . I doubt anyone would be satisfied with the quality and crispness of this poster image .
 This product , obviously not produced in the USA , worked reluctantly from the get-go . Then it crapped out and even a replacement battery would not revive it . Avoid this poorly designed and manufactured shoddy product !
 Worst towels ever . . dye bled , and binding frayed . I would have sent back if I could have found a box . Do n't buy these !!
 I placed an order to purchase a Sunpentown portable air conditioner and went to their facility in City of Industry , California to pick it up . When I arrived , another gentlemen was there to pick up his WA-1230H that was in for repair . This got me concerned about the purchase I was about to make so I asked him some questions about it . It turns out that this was *** THE THIRD TIME *** he had brought his AC in for repairs . After the second time his unit broke down , Sunpentown provided him with a new one -LRB- which was the one he was picking up from being repaired that day -RRB- . He told me that the first time his AC broke was within 3 days of purchasing it . 2 separate units breaking down a total of 3 times = YIKES!Needless to say I began feeling very uncomfortable about throwing down almost $ 500 on an AC -LRB- WA-1220H -RRB- that I was no longer confident in . I asked one of the employees about the reliability of the air conditioner I was about to receive and he said it was `` good . '' `` So it 's not great or excellent ? '' I questioned . He laughed nervously and then went on to explain that the reliability depended on how the unit was treated -LRB- during transport , whether you had pets and cleaned out the filters regularly , etc. -RRB- . He did n't give off much of a confident vibe while he talked about the product . That , combined with seeing the poor guy picking up his AC after the third repair , provoked me to cancel my order and walk out the door . My gut feeling was that I would be very disappointed with this purchase and that I would have been kicking myself for not paying heed to the warning signs.I 've decided to not purchase a portable AC . Instead , I 'm opting to look for a set up that 's more reliable . It will be more of a hassle installing , but I will at least be able to enjoy the AC without worrying that it will break down .
 I placed an order to purchase a Sunpentown portable air conditioner and went to their facility in City of Industry , California to pick it up . When I arrived , another gentlemen was there to pick up his WA-1230H that was in for repair . This got me concerned about the purchase I was about to make so I asked him some questions about it . It turns out that this was *** THE THIRD TIME *** he had brought his AC in for repairs . After the second time his unit broke down , Sunpentown provided him with a new one -LRB- which was the one he was picking up from being repaired that day -RRB- . He told me that the first time his AC broke was within 3 days of purchasing it . 2 separate units breaking down a total of 3 times = YIKES!Needless to say I began feeling very uncomfortable about throwing down almost $ 500 on an AC -LRB- WA-1220H -RRB- that I was no longer confident in . I asked one of the employees about the reliability of the air conditioner I was about to receive and he said it was `` good . '' `` So it 's not great or excellent ? '' I questioned . He laughed nervously and then went on to explain that the reliability depended on how the unit was treated -LRB- during transport , whether you had pets and cleaned out the filters regularly , etc. -RRB- . He did n't give off much of a confident vibe while he talked about the product . That , combined with seeing the poor guy picking up his AC after the third repair , provoked me to cancel my order and walk out the door . My gut feeling was that I would be very disappointed with this purchase and that I would have been kicking myself for not paying heed to the warning signs.I 've decided to not purchase a portable AC . Instead , I 'm opting to look for a set up that 's more reliable . It will be more of a hassle installing , but I will at least be able to enjoy the AC without worrying that it will break down .
 I was expecting a Fleece blanket like the ones you see in the stores Soft and cuddly . What I got was nothing like that it is very thin and stiff . Made off 100 % polyester .
 After giving this to my 7 year old , who loved the sheets , matching comfortor , we noticed a clean cut rip -LRB- slice -RRB- in the top sheet while getting into bed , right smack in the middle ! It is about 5 inches long , almost looks like it was from a box cutter , but no signs of the plastic packaging beeing cut ??? The set is really boyish - very nice except the rip . I do not like to pay for something new that is damaged , unfortunately we already disposed of the packaging , so returning them is not an option at this time .
 The device is poorly designed and assembled . The switch labeling is poor . The ON/OFF switched only worked after repeated attempts . Very erratic . Absolutely no water protection .
 I bought this product at Williams-Sonoma and am taking it back after 1 day . When I got it home I tested it by putting the tip in ice water which produced a range of temperatures from 22 to 34 degrees . The display would show one temp for about 30 seconds then change . Obviously 22 degrees was very wrong , this was a cup of cold water with a few ice cubes in it . I would have understood a steady temp of 33 or 34 , not 22 . When I tested it by putting the tip in boiling water , it showed a more reliable steady result.The real disappointment came when I tested it on a steak I was cooking . The first time I checked it , the result was 110 degrees . After another minute of cooking I checked again and it showed 80 degrees!Back to the store it goes.I think I 'll have to break down and buy the Thermapen .
 Bought this Taylor thermometer last year , it broke within days . Months later I bought another thermometer , and found out that it was the same model -LRB- by accident -RRB- . The second one did n't survive a full week either . It 's incredible that a manufacturer would sell such junk .
 I 've tried 2 of these thermometers , and the same results with both . They work great the first time you take it out of the package . But wo n't work after that.In both cases , I pulled the thermometer from the drawer for its second use , pressed the On/Off button and `` ON '' scrolls across the screen -LRB- normal so far -RRB- . Only , instead of showing the temp , the screen flashes and `` ON '' scrolls across the screen . This continues , and there is now no way to turn off the thermometer or get it to respond in any way.Tried changing the battery in the first unit , and the only thing that accomplished was wasting a few bucks on a new battery . No change in -LRB- the lack of -RRB- performance.I tried emailing Taylor 's customer service , and got no response -LRB- it 's been 2 months now -RRB- . I 'd definitely stay away from this thermometer , and probably all Taylor thermos if this is supposed to be their `` higher end '' line .
 I strongly agree with points made in some of the other reviews :1 . Construction is shoddy/cheap2 . The on/off button only works some of the time . You have to push again and again to get the desired result . And , in fact , when I first opened the package the on/off button did n't work for about a half hour . I was about to drive right back to the store with it when suddenly and mysteriously it came to life .3 . The instructions for changing the battery are so vague -LRB- they do n't point out where the screw is that you have to remove -RRB- that it 's very easy to destroy the whole product while trying to get to the battery4 . While I have n't done the freezing/boiling accuracy tests that another reviewer did , I have noticed strange leaps in reading from one minute to the next which really do n't seem plausible.I 'm returning this thing .
 As seems to be the usual for this product , I bought it , used it once , put it in a drawer , and then found it dead upon next use a month or two later.No response from the vendor.Wasn ' t mistreated . Just a garbage product .
 Well , mine was n't . An extra hour of roasting later and my roast was still measuring less than 120 degrees , or barely rare . Unable to wait any longer , I pulled it , let it rest , and cut into it . It was almost past medium . This $ 20 thermometer nearly ruined a $ 208 prime rib . I am not a fan .
 It was a gift . It worked for a couple of months . Now it only reads 72 degrees . I called the company and they say I have to return it at my own expense -LRB- about $ 8 -RRB- for an item that costs less than $ 20 . Why should the consumer incur ANY expense for a defective item ??? I asked them to send me a shipping label - NO . So I told them that I would leave an accurate review . Read it and weep Taylor !!
 I would not recommend this product . We use our instant read thermometer about once a week and this model stopped working at about month 4 . We were very careful to only wash the stem and the thermometer was never submerged in water . It was accurate when it was working , but if you want something with a little more stay-power , look for other alternatives .
 I had this for two years . Worked ok . I recommend setting the auto-off feature , or you will keep forgetting to turn it off.I had to change battery after 2 years . Taking it apart , I found one of the small white wires that lead down the probe broken . I replaced battery anyway , and it turned on and gave a reading . I put it back together thinking it apparently did n't need two wires ; had to take it apart again to make sure I had the parts oriented right , and the 2nd wire broke . These are too small to easily repair.Warranty is 1 year .
 I received this thermometer as a gift a couple years ago . At first it was wonderful , the readout was much faster than my old thermometers -LRB- dial and not-mercury styles -RRB- and I had more confidence that the reading I got was correct.Within a year the power button would stick in the down position , either continuously cycling between on and off , or essentially locking it in one of those states . For a while I was able to chivy the button back into place so it was usable , at first with my fingers and later with the tip of a paring knife -LRB- rather unsafe , I know -RRB- . A couple weeks ago the button got stuck in the down position again , causing the thermometer to continuously tell me it was on . I eventually managed to pop the button back up again , but the actual control inside must have gotten jammed this time because it continued to tell me it was on , and the button did nothing.Today , in a fit of desperation , I took a screwdriver and attempted to open the faceplate to see if I could fix it ; there 's a notch on the side that looks as though that 's it 's purpose . If it was n't broken before it is now ; these are definitely not meant to be self-serviced , I do n't think it was meant to be serviced at all.In the end I 'm very disappointed in this thermometer . I 'm shopping for a new one now , and I 'll probably avoid buying another Taylor given how bad this one was .
 Did n't work . At first , all of the pixels flashed on and off . It would n't turn off . After a day or so , it stopped flashing . I assume that the battery finally gave out . Unfortunately , there was no information about the kind or number of batteries it uses and there were no instructions on how to change the battery . I was able to get one side to open but I could n't get the other side to release so I was unable to get to the battery . I was able to get an RMA from the supplier but the effort and cost to get a refund hardly seemed worth it . Maybe one of these days I 'll be able to get it open , change the battery and find out if it was any good . So I bought a mechanical meat thermometer at WalMart .
 I bought this item at a store . It worked out of the box for a while , but after maybe week , I noticed the the temperature was stuck at 72.5 degrees F. I tried sticking the probe in warm water and ice water , but the temperature would n't change . Fed up , I considered the unit broken and tossed it in a drawer.Several weeks after , I decided to open the unit to see what was wrong . After opening the casing , I noticed that the wires that run inside the probe and connect to the main `` head '' were cut . I imagine these wires are to relay the temperature reading to the display . The end of the metal probe is rather sharp , so my guess is that the probe was pushed into the main head of the unit , and thus , the end of the probe cut the wires from the head . Its kind of hard to explain without seeing the unit.I only read the temp on some steaks and such and do n't recall treating the thermometer harshly . IMO , its kind of a design flaw . YMMV .
 The Taylor 508 thermometer was great until I had to change the battery . Unless you have a set of jewelers screwdrivers and are very careful forget about using this thermometer after the battery dies . It 's not water tight , and it shorts out if any water or moisture gets inside . If you have to change the battery you need to remove two screws . One is underneath the rubber back plate and then there is another inside the unit holding the metal contact for the battery . Both these screws are tiny and difficult to put back into the unit . The battery contact plate itself is a strange contraption with two flanges that must be tucked under the frame that surrounds the battery . This cover must contact the body of the thermometer and therefor must be securely fastened with the tiny screw . After one battery change , the hole for the tiny screw that holds the battery cover on gets stripped rendering the unit useless . I did like the instant readout when this thermometer worked but there are better ones out there .
 I bought this digital thermometer several months ago and used it once on the same day I purchased it . It worked fine ... but only that first time . Well , actually , that first time I used it , it did not seem to want to allow itself to be turned off , but I figured that did n't matter because the thermometer had an `` auto-off '' feature that would turn it off automatically after some short period of non-use . Today , I took the thermometer from the drawer to use for the only the second time . The digital display just blinked at me , without showing any numbers . The device was completely unresponsive to any and all pressing of its buttons.So I called the Taylor customer service number on the Taylor website . As soon as I described the symptoms , the customer service representative immediately told me that Taylor would send me a new device within two to three weeks , that I could just toss the old one in the trash.Great ... except I wonder if the new thermometer will work any longer than the old one . Will it poop out after just one use , too ? So instead of a one star review for selling a product that fails after one use , Taylor gets a two star review for promising promptly to send me a free replacement , with no questions asked -LRB- even though the time I wasted on the phone was worth more to me than the purchase price -RRB- . If I had it to do over again , I would n't buy this thing because it would n't work when it was needed .
 This is a piece of junk sold for top dollar . Ordered it . It came packaged perfectly from amazon in the bubble wrappers . When I opened the box , the item was damaged . It is mostly made of plastic and appears to break easily . I promptly returned it for a refunded and decided against ordering another one . Ths honestly is a $ 1.99 item .
 The comforter looks great when you take it out , but it -LRB- and the sham -RRB- have a huge practical problem
 Compared to the pillowcases I received , the comforter looked faded , like it was used . Was disappointed in the appearance !
 I was very disappointed after purchasing this to find that this is basically a mattress cover . It 's two sheets sewn together with hardly a spec of cotton in between the layers . If you 're expecting a `` pad '' with any sort of loft , look elsewhere .
 The description `` includes a programmable thermostat with a 7-hour timer , allowing you to pre-set room temperatures for different times of day '' is not true . This product is no different than other heaters that have a simple thermostat and a simple timer . You can not `` program '' temperatures for different times of day . It does n't even have a clock ! No different than a Lasko which is much cheaper . I bought it to turn on daily at 5AM - returned - disappointed !
 the temperature gage on this product cant be used unless you put it in maximum 1500 . if you want to put it in 900 mode you cant regulate the temperature . also when you turn it off and turn if back on instead of being in low it is in high . so if the electricity goes out in the middle of the night i would have to reset it to low . i think it should be able to maneuver more easily and it doesnt . i was very disappointed .
 Though the technical details -LRB- both here & on the manufacturer 's site -RRB- refer to the existance of a fan-only mode -LRB- along with high & low heat -RRB- , the unit actually does not have such a thing . Correspondance with Air King directly has confirmed this fact , by responding `` I check -LSB- sic -RSB- with our engineers and this model does not have a fan only option . `` Seems like a great heater though .
 Second try on getting the info through . Amazon , this is important stuff since it 's taken quite a bit of effort to determine the issue , and then try to get the credit from the vendor.As a heater , the unit seems to work great . But pay attention ... there is no `` fan only '' setting as advertised !!!
 I bought the set in the penguin pattern , including these coolers.I loved the size they were great . The pattern faded completly away aftera couple of washings in the dishwasher . It was n't noted they could not bewashed like that . I was totally disappointed and wo n't purchase them again . -LRB- Love the dishes , not the glasses -RRB-
 These glasses lookes nice in pictures only . When I opened the box of glasses i was totally disappointed with the quality and I decided to return the glasses immediately . Paint on the glasses is not at all good .
 I bought this griddle yesterday and returned it today . The cord is very short . This is one LARGE griddle and it takes up space . A little longer cord would have allowed the griddleto be placed as needed on the counter for safe cooking . I would have kept this griddle IF the cord had been longer .
 I received this as a present for my birthday because I wanted a bigger grill to cook more pancakes simultaneously . It 's size is large enough to cook four or five 3 ounce pancakes.The grill does not heat evenly . Pancakes do not cook evenly , either individually or as a group . The pancake nearest the heating control overcooks and usually ends up nearly burnt . The other pancakes are cooked over the narrow heating element -LRB- look on the bottom and you will see the heating element -RRB- . The griddle does not transfer the heat from the heating element adequately . The portion of the pancakes over the heating element is nicely brown but the rest of the pancake is white . Someone said striped . That is an accurate description.I like my pancakes to be evenly cooked and nicely brown . This griddle does neither . I do NOT recommend this griddle for cooking pancakes .
 Cooking is ok , a bit akward to clean . We have used this for over two years . It is difficult to store without breakinc the brittle plastic sides . We expected to use the box it came in , but if you store it on the front end it will probably break the plastic front . I would not recommend this griddle . Better material should have been used for the trim parts .
 I got this one as a gift and it looks nice , I like the tilt and drain feature and the non-stick surface works nicely . Unfortunately , it fails at the most important feature of a griddle
 I ABSOLUTELY HATE THIS GRIDDLE . We bought oversize to make more pancakes and thought the cool-touch edge was a great idea . The Tilt 'N Drain sounds great , but a mere bump of the cool-touch edge and the griddle falls into the drain position . Not what you 're looking for when pouring pancakes . First of all , it still only accommodates five normal size pancakes -LRB- four corners and one in the middle -RRB- . The surface is not level , and all the pancakes run towards the center giving them a distinctive oval shape . The biggest disappointment is the heating element . I purposely pour the center one first , and the one closest to the heating source last . Despite my efforts the one closest to the heating element source turns dark brown in no time flat , and the one in the center is barely ready to flip . End result ... I 'm shopping for a new griddle .
 The griddle was purchased in order to make enough pancakes for two at one time . It is square and has a square heating element which does n't heat the entire surface resulting in very uneven cooking . The heating element is insufficent for the surface . Do n't buy this unit .
 Tilt n drain makes this griddle difficult to clean ; there is no place you can hold it without the tilt `` wings '' flopping about awkwardly . It 's also too large to fit easily in many sinks , so you will have to clean it by holding it vertically and spraying water on it .
 This product was rated recently by consumer reports . They , as you know , are the source for up to date and accurate reporting . I had one of these and concur with their findings . These are over-rated and very ineffective as far as air cleaners go . They dazzled me with high tech sounding reviews and descriptions . They do make the room smell good for a day or so and then you see why consumer reports rated them as they did . I would not buy another and have recently sold mine . I am buying a HEPA rated filter and would suggest you do the same . For the price i can get three and never have to worry about my room being as dusty as it was again . You do the research , and judge for yourself . Just an oppinion though !
 I have had TWO of these for a couple of months . I have pets , a tree that is shedding pollin , and survived a smokey month of fires in Southern California . Sadly , I feel completely DUPED ! Absolutely no improvement . Not even a minor change in my indoor air quality . I smelled something that might have been mistaken for better air , for about a week , then that was it . After that , not even a better smell.One Ionic breeze was in a small room , another in a big room . Did n't make any difference , regardless of the area that needed to be purified . I thought that , at least the one in an 11 x 10 room would have just COOKED ! But the pollin , and pet smells were just the same as before the Ionic breeze ! No improvement of any kind . Nothing ... . I am really distressed that so many people are turning over a great deal of money for an eyesore that does nothing it claims ... and I have a more recent model -LRB- new and improved -RRB- than this one !
 This product is snake oil . Once you buy one you will find out .
 i bought this hoping that my dog could wear a tux when i do . i have a 50lb lab and this was way way too small for her -LRB- i bought a large -RRB- . I could n't fit this over her head and it is poor quality . my lab is the smallest full size lab i have seen so do n't buy this if you have dog that is not tiny .
 The comforter looks great when you take it out , but it -LRB- and the sham -RRB- have a huge practical problem
 Compared to the pillowcases I received , the comforter looked faded , like it was used . Was disappointed in the appearance !
 bought these for the great price - however the shipping cost me more than the hooks themselves . quality is fine . however the hardware requires that you predrill the hole for the plastic screw sleeve - both tries to install the screw , the plastic sleeve disappeared into the wall . i 've now got no sleeves and thus can not install the hooks . standard drywall screws would be better ...
 This table is okay . Very cheaply made . But it does the job of holding a lamp and books . I use it in my son 's bedroom .
 Its a functional night stand , and is worth the price . It looks like a cheap night stand because it is a cheap night stand .
 Table is a lovely soft white ! Had to return table today as there was an issue assembling it . The 2 sides could not be attached to table top ! Either the `` large screws '' were too large or the holes drilled were too small . If forced the wood would split . A shame because this would have worked beautifully as a printer table .
 This table comes with some assembly required . Some meaning a lot of assembly required . The drawer sticks and it is very cheap . Not the best table .
 I would not recommend this table . The screw holes did n't match up so we were n't even able to assemble it . The quality was very poor in general . We ended up returning it .
 Very frustrating situation to begin to assemble this product only to find that the holes for the top of the table did not line up with the ones to connect the legs ! The hex `` screw driver '' was of little use as it did not work after a few turns . I had purchased two of these for guest quarters , and returned both of them . I will not purchase from this company again . b.f.
 I was very disappointed in the quality of this table . The right hardware was not sent with the table . It was definitely not easy to assemble even after they sent the '' correct '' hardware . The screws still do n't fit properly . I do n't recommend .
 I bought this mixer on December 8th , 2006 . It 's a sturdy hand mixer with sufficient power for most jobs.A little heavy for a hand mixer.The internal cord storage sometime jams preventing pulling out the cord.It stops working today -LRB- a month or so less than five years -RRB- in midstream during a not-so-strenuous job -LRB- whipping butter and cream cheese for frosting -RRB- . The gear probably breaks such that the motor is running but the attachements do not spin .
 We just turned our red Dualit mixer on for the first time . The mixer is designed with 5 speed settings . The very first speed - the `` blend '' setting - sent our mix spewing across the kitchen . Racy is indeed a correct term . Either our product is defective or the engineers have never made a cake and do n't understand a slow start-up . Sadly , we 're packaging and returning this mixer , and then washing the ingredients off the cabinets .
 The photo leads the buyer to believe that this item includes the shelf . It does not . You will receive only the swivel base -LRB- the black disc in the photo -RRB- . Buyer beware !
 Based on the picture , it looks as though you are getting a stand and a swivel base . Read the description very , very carefully because it is only the swivel base . Since that 's all it is , that 's all that should be in the picture . How disappointing . Hope my refund does n't take too long .
 I have had this item less then 3 months and seldom use it . The enamel is chipping off from the inner center of the colander which makes it unusable to me . I was draining beans in it over the weekend when I noticed chips of enamel in my food . I was so distraught and had to throw away my food . I contacted the manufacturer and sent them e-mail asking them to replace the item . I have n't heard back from them . I would n't buy any more items from this manufacturer .
 I am still using this colander after a few years , but my husband is nagging me to replace it . Like other reviews state , the enamel is chipping and the metal is rusting . This is only happening for me on the bottom of the colander , so it 's not getting into the food and I 'm still using it . However , I 'm sure it 's only a matter of time before the rest of it begins to chip and rust . Save your money , buy something else .
 I could n't resist buying this beautiful colander from Whole Foods . It seemed sturdy , high quality and stylish . I figured it would last me a long time , especially for the price . However , within a year the enamel on the bottom started to chip off . I 'm not sure if it was caused by the dishwasher or not but that 's how I first noticed it . The metal was dark and rusted underneath . I was really surprised . I used the colander often , maybe once every two weeks , but always took good care of it . I placed it in an empty sink , dumped food -LRB- pasta , boiled potatoes , etc -RRB- into it , emptied it out and immediately placed it in the dishwasher every time . After the dishwasher cleaned the dishes , it would go into the cupboard inside glass bowls where nothing could chip it . This should all be normal wear that the design should 've taken in consideration.Since the rust was on the bottom where the food did n't really go I continued using this colander as I searched for a new one . It took me for awhile because I wanted something pretty and metal but more long lasting . Then the enamel began to chip off of various places in the inside area where the food goes . Since I did n't want my food touching the rust , I finally decided to drop the aesthetic requirement for a new colander and boughtOXO Good Grips 3-quart Stainless Steel Colander . -LRB- On Amazon the OXO is currently more expensive than the Calypso but that was n't how it was when I purchased my two colanders but as long as the OXO lasts longer it 's worth it . It 's been two months so far and I have n't had a problem . -RRB-
 please note that the photo on this poster is NOT by me , anton corbijn
 if you do n't care that your window dressings look cheap and feel like a poorly made bridesmaid dress , then go ahead and buy this . I ca n't believe I bought these . I 'm mortified !
 if you do n't care that your window dressings look cheap and feel like a poorly made bridesmaid dress , then go ahead and buy this . I ca n't believe I bought these . I 'm mortified !
 These are very pretty , I bought them to use as nice everyday and also occasionaly for special , also purchased them because they had no silver to tarnish , however the holes for the pepper were so small nothing would come out , the salt was better but not by much . I was using finely ground pepper and stuck a toothpick into the hole to make sure they were not blocked by an invisible plastic but they were open . Pretty but ca n't use .
 if you do n't care that your window dressings look cheap and feel like a poorly made bridesmaid dress , then go ahead and buy this . I ca n't believe I bought these . I 'm mortified !
 if you do n't care that your window dressings look cheap and feel like a poorly made bridesmaid dress , then go ahead and buy this . I ca n't believe I bought these . I 'm mortified !
 These are junk , too flimsy and the covers do n't stay on if you hold them upside-down . Complete waste of money .
 if you do n't care that your window dressings look cheap and feel like a poorly made bridesmaid dress , then go ahead and buy this . I ca n't believe I bought these . I 'm mortified !
 if you do n't care that your window dressings look cheap and feel like a poorly made bridesmaid dress , then go ahead and buy this . I ca n't believe I bought these . I 'm mortified !
 At first , I was very pleased with the appearance of the bowls . Soups and salads look very attractive in them . However , I was reheating leftover casserole in one of the bowls using the microwave . I heard a loud popping noise and found lots of shattered pieces of glass in the microwave . It was messy and dangerous to clean up . Of course the leftovers had to be tossed . I never would have purchased bowls that were not microwave safe ! After reviewing the description on the Amazon site I noticed it did not mention microwave safe . So just beware !
 seems like those plates are not made in america which was the actual selling point for me - or at least the set i received was made in mexico . over a period of 4 months now 3 plates already broke in the microwave , from clean cut in half to messy little pieces , after heating stuff for 2 minutes or so . 1 plate got chipped while unloading the dishwasher . now i 'm almost afraid to use them at all . regarding those stickers on each plate that people commenting about . i pulled them super slowly and they come off very well .
 After finally receiving this 6-piece set , I returned it after looking at the box and found that this is not made in the USA , although other reviews and research state so . I , and one , should be sure that the item sent is actually the item expected , but I took a chance . I 've purchased other items with the Libbey label and all are marked USA . So , big disappointment here and returned to Amazon .
 I bought these bowls because other reviewers received dishes that were made in the USA . All of the items I received -LRB- I ordered bowls and plates -RRB- were from a company called Crisa and were labeled `` Hecho en Mexico . '' I tried to call the company to ask about the lead issue but could not find a web site . It looks like Crisa is now a division of Libbey . I called Libbey several times but got a recording that then disconnects you . Disappointing . Will be returning .
 We bought these bowls six months ago , and I have to say that I 've never experienced this type of wear and tear on any of my other dishes - ever.These were bought for our office kitchen as a way to be more conservative with paper . They get hand-washed , rarely -LRB- if ever -RRB- see the inside of a microwave , and do n't consistently get used on a daily basis since it 's a small office . So far , at least half the bowls have one or two chips along the edges , creating a convenient way to slice open your fingers.We 're not rough , careless people , and no one is thrashing these around ... they 're just either cheap or poorly designed . Not only that , but they can barely contain a serving of soup . If I had it to do over again , I would n't have bought these .
 The cord does not retract anymore , so it has totally lost its `` cool factor '' feature which was the ability to reduce the cumbersome lengthy cord . in addition , the cord on this version does not appear to be as sturdy/durable as the ones that have the black casing .
 I was disappointed with the quality of this end table . The shelves are very thin and flimsy and will not take much weight . Also , this end table will not last very long - while putting it together the legs started to crack .
 THe pieces did not fit together properly . And , the screw holes were not deep enough . I still have screws sticking out even after using a drill .
 I was excited when I received this table . I was the exact height and color I wanted . Assmebly was easy until I realized that the manufacturer made the fron panel backwards . The door opened in , the magnet plate was placed on the outside right corner of the door while the magnet was to be installed on the inside left corner of the door . The grooves for the side panels were put on the outside of the door ... all around someone made a huge mistake when making my table . I sadly returned it for a refund as I did n't want to take a chance on a replacement .
 All I needed were some temporary -LRB- in terms of not having to last more than 1-2 years -RRB- nightstands so I found these cheap ones . They came packaged very well , so no issues there . I did n't have any problems assembling them , although I can see how someone who is n't mechanically inclined may have some problems getting the side panels to fit into their slots.It 's a pretty whimpy nightstand . It 's very light but I 'm not concerned about it falling apart any time soon . I 'm a structural engineer and I think it would hold up fine for normal nightstand use -LRB- e.g. , lamp , tissue box , clock radio , etc. -RRB- . Although , I do doubt that the thin shelves would hold up well if you were to stack it full of books or other heavy items.Overall , I think it 's a great deal considering how cheap it is . But here is why I 'm giving it only 1 stars . The outgassing is HORRIBLE ! I even left it unassembled in my garage for 2 weeks thinking it would not give off any more chemical fumes/odors , but when I assembled them and brought it upstairs , if you sleep within 2-3 feet of these things , it will give you a headache or keep you up because it 's so strong of an odor . I ca n't imagine how unhealthy it must be.It 's been at least 4 weeks now and these things are still outgassing . For the price , I can only imagine that they are made in China and if they are still outgassing this much after this much time , I 'm now concerned about what type of toxic chemicals my wife and I are breathing in . So I simple threw them out . I thought about donating them to Goodwill but I personally think they are a health hazard.I 've used oil-base paints and other high-volatile paints before , but they usually will outgass within a few days and be done with it . Not these . These are spewing toxic fumes into the air inside my house.In the trash they go ...
 The most terrible piece of furniture I 've ever put together . The pieces did not fit together appropriately , the screw holes were misplaced , and multiple pieces of wood split easily . I was n't able to get one of the screws in at all because as soon as it entered the wood it began to split all the way down . Absolutely terrible quality . I 'm so sorry I wasted my money on this . I recommend you DO NOT BUY this night stand !
 Damaged in either shipping or packing.Cheaply , cheaply made . Poorly cut pieces to assemblethat do n't quite fit together properly as a result ofinferior quality and production .
 this is a piece of junk . When I received it the side piece was broke . It took forever to get a new piece . When the new piece arrived I proceded to put this piece of junk together and found that the top was split . I would neither buy anything or recommend this company to anyone ever .
 I had previously purchased a similar item in store for a different room . This product was not as nice . The doors have broken off of both within the first 2 weeks . The front door on one has large grain marks and I had to put it in a location w/low light so that it looks OK . I would not purchase again and am currently trying to find out how I can request new doors .
 We got this item at a very good price , but the quality is worst than I expected . The wood panels are very thin and flimsy . The table is unstable . We bought it for our toddler 's room as nightstand . It is ok , but definitely not for heavy use . My husband also cracked the door when trying to put it in just like the other user described ; I actually warned him about it , but it 's unavoidable because the boards are too thin and flimsy .
 Table looks great online but the quality is just not there . Ours came w/cracked paneling .
 The side panels were not cut properly to fit in to the premade slots of the edges , so I had to saw them down . Also , since they did n't fit well , they wobbled a little . I had to use wood glue to get them to stay in place.The wooden bits that cover the screw holes keep falling out ; had to glue those in as well.When all was said and done , it did the job , but looked like it needed a bit more work .
 this was not easy to put together and was broken in 2 weeks . this items was thrown away a while ago
 I am not opposed to buying cheaper products and knowing that they will not be of the highest quality , but come on !!! This is just terrible ! The product came with paint scratches on multiple pieces , is made of the cheapest possible materials , and was messed up on a vital screw point causing the whole thing to be loose and not fit tight . It is very flimsy , poorly made , and with the scratches and malfunctioned pieces it is a complete waste of money . It is a shame because it would have looked very nice for what I was using it for . VERY DISAPPOINTED !
 I purchased 6 of these to display empty fish tanks in my show room . You get what you pay for and this was a cheaper option than other end tables or even tank stands . For my use this will work . These are constructed in about the worst and cheap way possible . Every unit had some sort of imperfection or damage . The Chinese factory when noticing chipped paint just uses a sharpie to `` fix '' it but this does n't even come close to matching the actual paint color . The wood cracks easy . The paint job is poor , drips and pooling everywhere.Took less than 10 mins to build each unit . In conclusion you get what you pay for , this is cheap and you barely cover the logistics cost at the list price . I would never want one of these in my house unless it is something to get by or if you are on a super budget.For my business , this will work for now . I built this .
 I bought 2 of these nightstands in white and black . the white one had a cracked piece of wood . I was able to put it together but not correctly . I overlooked that even after emailing customer service and not hearing back . The next week I put together the black stand to find at the end of the assembly not only did the peices -LRB- with pegs -RRB- not match up with the others , the drawer was missing !!!! I now hae to go through the hassle of returning it and will never buy a piece of furniture from Amazon.com again ... very unhelpful .
 I guess `` you get what you pay for '' certainly applies in this case . This is a piece of junk . I still do n't have it put together properly due to shoddy manufacturing . Did n't expect Ethan Allen quality but did expect better than this .
 When I opened the box to start assmbling I noticed that couple of the wood panles have very bad scratches on them and one or two of the wooden parts were cracked . So , I did not every butter to assemble it and just returned it . Also , overall the material used is very cheap and flimsy.As always thanks to Amazon.com for their easy retunrs and excellent customer support .
 These nightstands are great as long as you only want them for decoration . They are extremely cheap and flimsy . One came already broken and the other one cracked while putting it together . The shelf is made of thin particle board . You can find higher quality furniture at Walmart .
 it seems many people got a product with pieces that could fit together . I did n't . Both the front and back pieces do not fit into their respective screw holes . I could n't assemble it without drilling new holes . I 'd rather just send it back . Awful .
 Seriously I shopped around for night stands that would look great in our room and would n't break my pockets . I bought two of these stands and received them yesterday . I did not expect to take so much time putting them together !!! Seriously it took two people to do it . When putting this stand together do NOT tighten the screws until all the outside pieces are on because if you do the last piece -LRB- front one -RRB- will not fit . It took forever to try and figure out the issue . While you are screwing in the screws someone else will have to hold the rest of the stand so it does n't keep falling apart -LRB- because the screws were n't tight -RRB- . This product looks good when its done , but it should have been easier to put together . OH not to mention one of the stands are wobbly ; like what is going on ! I shop on Amazon faithfully and I am very disappointed .
 Okay , well . . I do n't usually review a lot of things on the `` I hate it '' level . But I do . This is a piece of crap . It immediately started to fall a part . I gave it to my niece and nephews for their tree house . I should have gone to a thrift shop or antique store and found me a real piece of furniture .
 Shoddy craftsmanship . Pre-drilled holes do not adequately line up . Pieces came that came in the packaging were nicked , scratched and summarily dented . If this item were half the price there would be no point in writing a poor review . Sadly it is not and Winsome Wood you get One Star .
 I bought this item months ago . I seen it and thought I would get it for the new house I was going to be moving into . When I got it I was soooo excited I loved the color and the look of it . But then I started to take the items out of the box to My dismay I noticed I was missing all the small items . . No screws , magnet , knobs . I was missing everything small that I needed to put it together . I should of looked at it when I first got it right ? I looked in the box over and over again and also got up a few times to look around Me . Nothing . So I decided to look for the contact number . I read over the return policy it as for only 60 days . Disappointed !! So now I am stuck with a table with nothing to put it together . . Sad Panda !!!
 Got the winsome night stand and it was good quality for price so thought this would be too . Wrong . Very cheap . Sides are cardboard and easily would break if a kid kicked them or someone walked into it . Shelf does not sit flat . Cabinet does not work properly . It is going back .
 This nightstand was shipped to me with cracks . An especially large and long crack was right on the top . I further recognized cracks on the legs and other wood pieces . To make this even worse the screws that they provided for the knobs were too short . So overall this is a screwed up and crack topped nightstand . It was n't even worth returning .
 This item is complete garbage . Arrived with a cracked leg in a perfect shipping box . Pieces were hard to put together , poor quality over-all I would NOT recommend this .
 The stand is exactly what I expected on the outside , however , both shelves are missing . Basically it 's a big hollow box . Very disappointed that 2 major components could be missed in packaging . Now begins the battle to get the parts shipped . Overall , very disappointed . It 's been over 6 months and I have not received the missing pieces . I would not buy this product again .
 I needed a powerful drill and screwdriver to construct this side table . The holes were not deep enough for the screws that were provided and so it took alot more effort to construct that what should have been necessary . Also , it looks pretty decent now , but it is still not as stable as I would like for it to be . I 'm pretty disappointed in the product , but since I finally have it constructed , I 'm not going to send it back . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 I have a ton of winsome woods items in my house . I would recommend ever winsome wood item I have bought , except this table . I bought two of these thinking they would be perfect for accent tables with a bit of storage in my dining area . They do look good.The material is cheaper than other winsome wood product I have bought . One piece was chipped slight where the screw hole was . No big deal I thought . When I screwed in the piece the chip enlarge into a giant split . I used some epoxy to hold the piece together , but that only happened because the material was cheap . The sides were cheap composite wood only a little sturdier than cardboard . The front and back seemed to be wood , but with the splitting I am not so sure.The second one had no major fault like the chipped item , but it just seemed cheaper and easier to break than all they rest of their products . I own 12 winsome wood items overall , and these two are the only ones I do not recommend .
 Ok value for the price I guess , I should have expected it would n't be a quality piece . The side panels are extremely flimsy and slightly warped , which was the only thing that made assembly difficult . The top shelf is also flimsy & warped , it does n't sit right on the brackets . It will probably flatten when I put something on it . It does look nice and matches my other furniture exactly which is why I 'm even giving a 2nd star . Also , it had the weird strong odor of Band-Aids for weeks . Should have gone with something a little more expensive , I can tell I 'll have to replace this thing after one move anyway .
 Bought this for our guest room . I was n't expecting much for the price , and I certainly got what I paid for . It looks nice enough , the finish is a bit off on the front , there 's a cloudy white haze over most of the door which wo n't polish off , but not a big deal . It is verrrry flimsy , I assembled it in our living room and was concerned it might fall to pieces when I carried it to the guest room -LRB- it did n't -RRB- . Some of the holes are too shallow , and quite frankly I was afraid to take a drill to it . It looks nice in the room and while it is n't wobbly , you would n't want to put your weight on it or anything . It 's holding an ihome , lamp , and a book or two without a problem and will work well for light use in our guest room . I would definitely look for something a little more solid if you need an end table for daily use . I did notice the gassy , chemical smell others have mentioned , my hands smelled of it after assembling .
 I was very excited about the price for this item and the fact that it got here within two days of placing the order . However , I should have known something was up when I was only paying $ 40 for a `` wood '' nightstand . I bought two , and both of them are cracked completely at the legs . Since they are black its not terribly obvious , however , they are no longer structurally sound . They barely hold my lamp . I 'd say , if you need something temporary & quickly , go for it . Otherwise , spend the extra $ $ $
 The pieces were very poorly protected and one of the little pegs on a side panel had broken off in transit . Unwilling to send the nightstand back the same day I had got it , I ended up gluing it in place with super glue so that the side would stay in place and the whole piece would n't fall over -- yes , the entire nightstand did really hinge on the one tiny peg . Not only that , but none of the holes that the pegs and screws were meant to fit into were the same size or aligned correctly , so I nearly destroyed the thing getting it together . While the nightstand does look nice now that it 's finished and it was certainly cheap , I doubt it will last very long
 This is suppose to be a wood nightstand - instead it was junky plastic and none of the holes lined up to put it together . Deceptive advertising !!
 The product arrived in good condition . It 's beautiful and sturdy enough for the money I paid -LRB- under $ 30 shipped -RRB- . However , after a couple of years use -LRB- I put a small laser printer on top , so it 's my printer stand , plus some video tapes and CDs inside the closed cabinet -RRB- I start to see cracked lines along the top and side of it . I think the material is n't great ... it 's unsightly after a while .
 I was disappointed when I got this product , opened the box and found the back piece already damaged . I was n't expecting such poor quality from Amazon retail . The wood had split on the top of the back piece , however I was still able to build the nightstand . It was a two person job to build , someone to hold the pieces together while the other screwed pieces together . It feels a bit flimsy , but I put it against the wall , so hopefully it wont break on me anytime soon . It serves it purpose though of sitting next to my bed with my lamp on it . I was hoping to find a great deal , but you really do get what you pay for and this is one of the cheapest nightstands I found with the right color and height .
 0 stars if possible . Furniture needs to be assembled . The two sides should be identical , but were a good 1/4 inch difference making it impossible to put together . Should come with a lathe or something .
 This product is not worth the effort . Sure , the price is right but the quality was worse than expected . I did n't anticipate the finest furniture around , but I do expect things to be shipped properly and not come to me already damaged . When I opened the packaging , several of the pieces has nicks and dings in them that looked like they 'd been covered up already by some cheap filler and the front-facing piece even had a very large stain of some sort on the door that could n't be wiped away . Overall poor quality and not worth wasting your time over . The only good thing I will say is Amazon customer service was very prompt and attentive when I called them for a refund .
 Very light and cheap price but cant expect too much . It holds my 16 bottle wine cooler . But i wouldnt put more that 30lbs on it .
 It took me about 5 hours of work with a drill and special screws to put these nightstands together . The quality is super cheap , the holes for the screws that hold everything together are misplaced . Even if you get them to match -LRB- takes significant effort and strength -RRB- , the holes for the screws are too close to the end of the planks and could end up puncturing the sides . Terrible engineering.After putting them together , they are OK . I use them for small things and have n't had a problem with anything . But it 'll be easier to grab an axe , go to the woods , and make yourself a nightstand than put this together .
 the quality for this wasnt so good the wood has cracked when i was puting it together also the wholes where u suppose to connect wasnt in the right place , i had to make a big effort to try and put it togethre , but again for $ 32 i had to live with it it 's not worth returning but actually if i saw it for free i wouldnt take it ...
 Yes the screw for the knob is to small - I would think they would have this fixed already . And putting it together ... the pieces do n't fit together at all , that is the holes are even cut out .
 This was the cheapest thing I ever bought in my life , saw the reviews . well not sure what they got but mine was a hunk of junk . next time I will learn buy from a furniture store ...
 I had to return it twice and got my money back . The product is cheap and both times it came the box was beat up and the table was broke .
 I should have listened to the other opinions on this product , but I thought they must have just had a bad experience , however was I wrong . Let alone the paint has already chipped off of the top within 2 days of putting together , some of the wood was discolored already . When screwing the screws in the nightstand , the cheap `` wood '' cracked and one of the screws that they provided for the knob was not even long enough to use it . I understand they were not $ 100 or $ 200 nightstands , however I thought they would at least due the trick in the meantime , but not fall apart within the first week . It comes down to the old saying , you get what you pay for and I would not recommend this to anyone , even if you are trying to save a buck or two , since it is not worth it and you will be replacing them .
 I bought this shelf for my bedside , putting it together was rather simple and it looks nice . However after about the first month the back fell apart and broke . Its still usable but only because I have yet to replace it . Also the bottom for the shelf always falls down in the back right hand corner : /
 Not at all described . lightweight and poorly made , directions hard to follow , very very thin wood , I seriously doubt it will last more than a month . I am not at all happy with this product but it will cost more to ship it back than it will to keep it . I seriously doubt I will be buying one of these again .
 some of the holes were in the wrong places , my husband had to basically make different holes , and all the parts were not in the packaging . it looks nice though in my living room once we got it all set up .
 Yes it s cheap but it s really bad quality !! I advice you to put 10 extra dollars and buy yourself a good product .
 I was looking for a `` cheap '' night stand not a piece of crap . It came nicely wrapped in a box but when I took the pieces out , one of the slates was broken so I used wood glue . Then I attempted to fit the sides to the back but they did n't match up well - so I used wood glue to help . Then there were missing holes , so I got a drill out -LRB- oh , btw , I 'm a nurse ! -RRB- . Then I put the front on and the front does n't match up on one side -LRB- you can see when the crossbar should go into the up and down leg but they do n't meet together all the way . I wanted to use wood glue but I did n't have a clamp to hold it together long enough ! This was a nightmare . I got it together but I am afraid to put a lamp on top of it b/c it might not support the weight -LRB- even with all my wood glue ! -RRB- . Bottom line ... not worth your $ 39
 This looked a &#62; lot &#60; nicer in the pictures . What we received was a thin , floppy piece of furniture that barely holds together . The thickness of the sides , door , and bottom are less than 1/4 &#34; . The overall size is smaller than the listed dimensions , as well , which was important to me . Most of the pieces slide a little even when screwed in tightly . The caps to cover the screw holes pop out immediately , so we will probably have to glue them in . It even wobbles when placed on a linoleum floor ! I 'm afraid to press on any part of it for fear it will snap . The only reason I do n't return it is that we purchased it to convert into a hidden cat litter box . I comfort myself with the thought that my cat will likely have no reason to put pressure on it.I would NOT recommend this to anyone . $ 50 is too steep for how cheap this end table is . I honestly just do n't want to go through the effort and money to return it , but I do feel jipped . Oh well ; live and learn , right ?
 It does n't work for my cooker either . Too bad . I guess it 's MADE IN CHINA .
 I ordered these after searching for NON-SATEEN 100 % cotton sheets . I hate sateen , it looks dull and listless after one wash and gets all nasty and fuzzy . Nowhere on the product description does it say that these are sateen , so i ordered two sets . and guess what , they are sateen sheets ! And they are no way close in color to that sophisticated gray-green you see here , just the generic pastel green that everyone else has . what a rip off ! I am returning them .
 This is one of those sheet set where the manufacturer advertised that it is deep enough to fit oversized mattresses . However , the queen on this set was 5 inches short . I could not put this on my mattress no matter how I tried . I did not returned it because I already washed the sheets and cut the tags . I assumed they would fit .
 Once washed these sheets were terribly wrinkled . They also feel thin and see-through . I will not buy this product again and I do not recommend anyone else buying this . Who wants to iron their sheets all the time ?
 I got these sheets on sale for $ 19.99 . I figured with 300 thread count and 100 % cotton with deep pockets it would have been a great deal . But I was disappointed when I opened the package . The sheets were see-thru thin and very obviously cheap . I threw them on the bed anyway and within a couple of days I noticed they started to pill all over the place ! Yuk ! Thankfully I did n't pay much for them . I guess there are no real bargains out there .
 The color is generic lime green -LRB- not the color shown in the picture -RRB- and the sheets feel like they are 100 TC . Buy another sheet set b/c this one is n't worth the shipping alone .
 I thought i would be getting nice cotton sheets with a good thread count - instead i got LIME-GREEN SATEEN sheets ! i still thought i should give them a try ... they were too big for my queen sized mattress , and they stay wrinkled no matter what.if i were you , DO N'T buy these - because it is not what you are expecting !
 these sheets are soft but very flimsy feeling - too thin of fabric and they do not fit my pillowtop mattress well and just barely cover my standard pillows . I also bought the society hills 400 sheet set and the pillow cases are larger and the fitted sheet is more generous and easier to put on the mattress .
 The color and quality of this sheet set was superb . However , the fitted sheet did not fit . Of course I had just thrown away the packaging and receipt the day before , so returning it is not an option -LRB- my fault completely -RRB- . The tag on the fitted sheet says queen , and it 's supposed to fit deep pocket queen mattresses . My mattress is a regular queen one , and it did n't even come close . It could be an isolated flaw , but just be sure to try it on your bed before throwing away the packaging !
 I bought these for my QUEEN size bed and the fitted sheet is way too small . Could n't even try and fit it . These are going back . You get what you pay for . Could say one good thing about these sheets though , they were Nice and Soft !
 This item is not listed correctly . These sheets should be called 300 Thread Count 100 % Cotten SATEEN King Sheet Set , White . Leaving that one word out of the title and discription casued me to order an item I did not want .
 These sheets are really bad . The only thing I like is the gold color . They wrinkle terribly when washed and feel like an old worn out rag . The really bad part is that little balls are forming on the fitted sheet . I would never buy these again even if they were half the price I paid .
 The color of these sheets is nothing close to the picture . They do not match my comforter set . Lost more color after a single wash in cold water with regular liquid detergent . Threads are also seem coarse for a 300TC set of sheets . They were on clearance ... guess I found out why .
 I have a queen size bed - the fitted sheet did n't fit at all maybe a king would have . You get what you pay for ... Had to return these and wou n't buy these again .
 When you first unwrap these sheets , they look and feel great . But the true test is once they 've been washed a few times . They do n't hold up AT ALL . They pill after only a couple of washings , and are thin and flimsy . I was really looking forward to giving these a great review , but I ca n't .
 Do not waste your money on these sheets even though the price may seem appealing . They came out horribly after only two washings . Pilling , pilling , and pilling , did I say pilling ... . Oh Yes ! Also , they are very thin or loosely woven -LRB- not sure how to explain that -RRB- but you can see right through them after the first wash . Very , very poor quality.I do own another set of sheets -LRB- 500 thread count -RRB- from this same manufacturer and am very happy with those though . Just remember the old saying
 This set of sheets was a bargain ... NOT ! They immediately started to `` pill '' and are definitely not the size that it says on the package . I 'm guessing , these sheets are probably from the back of the `` reject '' pile ! I would send them back ... but it would n't be worth the cost of shipping ... believe it when they tell you , `` you get what you pay for ~ ''
 Seriously , I am very confused that these reviews even mention the word `` quality '' in their reviews on this product ... I am assuming they are fake reviews . 1 thing I can say is DO NOT GET THIS BOWLS!They suck , I just got them 2 weeks ago and they came in the box with 3 of them ALREADY BROKEN ... I decided not to send them back because I really only need 8 bowls anyways ... But they have gotten worse and worse the glass keeps chipping off , cause splintered ends on the bowls which are NOT safe to eat out of ... Seriously they are FLAKING off for no reason ... It 's REALLY , REALLY , BAD ... shame on the reviewers not recognizing this ... This product is crap , do not buy ... If you need more proof ... I will send you pictures of the bowls so you can see for yourself ...
 The bowls came - they were cumbersome , and take up a lot of room in cabinet . The glass is very thick , but not quality . Half the bowls came with the rims chipped and still flaking off slivers of glass . The glass of the bowls have a slight green tint . Basically you get what you pay for . For $ 19.99 for 12 bowls - the price is good , but I was looking for more quality . Since half were chipped , I sent them back to Amazon . They said ` Libbey ' brand on them - but they were really made in Mexico . The quality was poor -LRB- nothing against Mexico . -RRB- I see people rated these well , but honestly , for an established home , I would n't bother if I were you .
 A review in short.I purchased 12 of these a couple of years ago . They arrived half broken . Amazon promptly sent me another order . I now had about 18 bowls . They are attractive and great for salads and eating cereal . I like that they are deep so stuff like soup and cereal milk do n't slosh out as I balance the bowl on my chest in bed.I am now looking for more bowls as I only have about 6 left . These are not tough bowls and easily break and chip . My mother gave me four glass bowls 20 years ago and I have all four still . Changing environments to be sure , but those four remain unchipped , albeit a bit scratched up , but fully functional . They shared the cupboard with these bowls.These are an everyday kind of bowl and are not sustainable in that fashion . My hunt is on for something more Pyrexy and durable ...
 I like the size and clarity of these bowls . However as mentioned by another reviewer they do not have the Libby name on them and are obviously not the same type glass as on other Libbey-brand name products . This morning I accidentally lightly tapped one on the counter edge as I loaded it in the dishwasher and it shattered into many sharp pieces . This glass is not tempered like other bowls . It was very difficult to clean up the many small shards of glass . I am going to throw the rest of them in the recycling . Do n't mean to be overly negative but feel these can be dangerous compared to other bowls on the market . There is a reason they do n't have the Libbey name on them . Not a quality USA-made product as I would expect . I am sure a Pyrex , Corelle , Anchor or other US made high quality glass bowl would not have broken as this one did this morning . i would be especially concerned if there were children using these or around them . Quality glass does n't break like this .
 the previous review was right , threads coming out all over , thinnest sheets I have ever seen ! , stuffing in the pillows all deformed and lumpy . It is a way to redecorate a room on a budget , but definitely not quality stuff . I am highly pissed that this was a ` gold box ' offer and now , a week after , its still at the gold box price ... does n't that defeat the purpose of the term `` gold box '' one day deal ?? Shame on Amazon !
 It looked great when we got it . Unfortunately , we bought it , put it in storage for 2 months and then took it out when we moved into our new home and were completely underwhelmed.I would 've sent it back but too much time had passed . The material was flimsy , the sheets lousy . we never bothered to put up the curtains . Its sad , because the colours are perfect for our room .
 I had to return the set . The bed skirt was 8 '' too wide and the sheets were 6 '' too narrow . On the bright side , the return was fast and easy and I got the credit quickly .
 I paid $ 100 for this item so I did n't expect much quality and I got what I expected . The sheets are thin . The seams on the curtains do n't lay flat . The filling in the comforter is bunchy and it 's `` dry clean only . '' There are lots of loose threads , not from the seams just clipped threads that were n't removed.If you 're not expecting high quality , this product will allow you to `` redecorate '' a room for very little money .
 Toy boring to children . Much of the toy that appears as if it should move does n't , i.e. white gate . Baby ca n't get animals out of the barn once they 're in . Frustrating ! Fish ca n't swim pond to pond if bar is swung too far to either side . Does n't stay balanced well when playing with either side . Strange toy that just ends up on its side in the corner of the room , alone . Skip this toy .
 I was very disappointed in this over the door wreath hangar . The item was cheaply made and , in my opinion , I could have gotten a better deal at The Dollar Store . Buyer beware ! I gave this item one star because this app will not take zero stars which is what it deserves .
 I received my RoadPro RPSC-783 12 V. coffee maker and was very disappointed . We did as instructed and set it up to run plain water through before using it the first time to brew coffee . We plugged it into the 12 v. socket , put the water in the reservoir , turned it on - and an hour and a half later the only water in the pot was the little bit I had put in there initially just to make sure the pot was n't sitting dry on the hot plate for too long . The hot plate was hot , and that was it . I am going to return this item and ask for my money back . It does n't work at all !
 Coffee maker works perfectly but I wish I had known that it took so long to make coffee . Maybe this is true of all the 12 volts but I was surprised when I read on the box that it could take 30 min to brew a pot . But even more surprised when it took over an hour . I wanted this to use on our boat but I guess bringing a thermos is a better option
 I bought the coffee maker for camping at a remote site without hookups . I started the machine at 530am and 2 hours later it STILL NOT DONE !! It also killed one of the batteries in the 5th wheel , but thankfully we had a spare . I just sent the coffee maker back to Amazon ... Thank you for easy returns !!!
 Takes way too long to brew a pot of coffee . Bought it for my husband 's birthday to take on vacation because he loves his coffee all day and night . Thought we could brew a pot of coffee while sitting in the rest area having a bite to eat , but it never finished brewing . Another waste of money just sitting in the closet waiting to be sold at a garage sale for pennies on the dollar .
 I never write reviews but had to with this thing . Complete junk and they know it . Cool idea but does not work . 45 minutes and not even a full cup . Who waits that long for coffee ? Look for other options because you will 100 % be wasting your money or giving someone a useless gift .
 I was warned that this coffee maker was slow . It is and it does n't make a whole mug , mabe 8 ozs . We tried it and sent it back . Amazon took it back without a hassel . Yea of Amazon , they are the best .
 Does LOOK like a coffee making device , but it took 45 minutes to `` brew '' a pot of coffee , this while driving down the road with the alternator giving the thing a FULL CHANCE to work . The result was a very bitter pot of coffee that was only better than no coffee at all.A body COULD shove some instant coffee into the somewhat hot water this device delivers and have a better , though of course not very good , pot of coffee than is achieved with grounds in the basket . Over-extraction is likely responsible for the bitter brew , we might say EXTREME over extraction . On the positive side , the thing DID seem happy to stay put atop the doghouse cover of my VAN , and it did n't leak on the go . It MIGHT serve to very slowly heat up some water , which might serve in some applications.I bought mine , unused in the original packaging , at a Salvation Army for $ 5.00 . I certainly would never have paid the $ 29.99 price on the sticker on the box it came in ... I will leave the item at a local thrift store today . Hope someone has some use for it .
 I tried using this twice and each time it blew my Accessory Fuse -LRB- mini 10 , I think it 's called -RRB- . What a waste of money .
 very small , not like the old ones . . too much money.go to the `` dollar store ''
 These are cheaply made and fall apart . Do yourself a favor and buy the SOS Tuffy nylon scrubber .
 Folks , there is a good reason that these are so cheap ; actually ... come to think of it , there are several reasons for the low price.First
 I 've bought these before and was happy enough to buy them again , until I realized that S&H to Kansas was $ 35.00 . This was the only item in my cart , so nothing else was contributing to the cost of shipping . 35 $ S&H for something as light as air , is totally outrageous .
 I received this roaster as a Christmas gift this past Christmas . I have several other George Foreman items that we use all the time and love , so we did n't think this one would be any different . I used it to cook a roast - turned out great . Used it to roast two Cornish Hens - they turned out great . Today I put a whole chicken in it . Part way through cooking the thing just quits !! Nothing . Since I 've thrown away all of the packaging -LRB- it HAS been working for the past month -RRB- , I do n't know if there 's anything that can be done about this ! Now I see they are discontinued ! Figures !
 I can buy travel mugs at Dollar Tree for $ 1 , and they work just as well at keeping my coffee hot . The first time it was washed -LRB- BY HAND -RRB- water got in between the layers , so now it looks foggy , not shiny like it did when I took it out of the box . Save you 're $ $ $ and go to a dollar store !!!
 I WOULD PROBABLY HAVE BOUGHT THIS HAD IT SHOWN A SIZE ! HOW ARE YOU SUPPOSED TO KNOW WHAT SIZE YOU WILL GET >> >
 ITem is unable to create a vaccuum or seal plastic bags ... customer service was surprised that I had bought it since I live at 7,500 feet , indicating that I needed special instructions which they sent by email . After buying a special screw driver with particular size star tip , and making the adjustments they said I needed to do , it still does not work . They said they would take it for repairs , but $ 25 for shipping across country is unacceptable . Avoid this unit .
 I have had this set for over a year now and could n't be more unhappy with it . The mixer does not reach the bottom of the glass bowl so regardless you still have to mix by hand to get all the flour and other ingredients off the bottom of the bowl . The mixer gets bogged down easily and between speeds of 3 and 4 it just stops . There 's apparently a short between those speeds but if you giggle the switch it will work again.The bowl is extremely heavy glass so once you 've mixed your ingredients it 's very difficult to man-handle the bowl to tilt it to get the ingredients poured in your pans . The beaters come out while mixing . I 've pushed and pushed them in but once you lift the head the beaters often stay in the bowl . Not every time but enough that it 's aggravating to have to dig your beaters out of wet cake mix.I do n't have a recommendation for something better . I 'll keep using this one because I just ca n't afford another one . But I do recommend you pass on this one and find better luck with another brand .
 I guess I 'm the odd-lady out on this product . Maybe I got a lemon from the line -- lol . I bought this and paid extra for Saturday shipment because I needed it the next day to prepare a bushel of cucumbers for making pickles . I really wanted the wavy cut like normal pickles . The slicer arrived before I picked up the cucumbers from the farm ; so the cukes were fresh from the vine -LRB- as in , old produce was n't the problem -RRB- . This slicer is absolutely worthless for cucumbers , IMO . I 'm glad it worked for the one reviewer , but it totally did n't work for me . I tried several times on several cucumbers -LRB- on all the various thicknesses -RRB- and only succeeded in tearing and shredding the cuke rather than it being sliced . The cukes were getting caught up on the blade , even . The resulting `` slice '' was a badly-mutilated alien being . Seriously . I have an older regular mandolin -LRB- that came with a safety guard , thankfully , since the Borner inconveniently does n't include one -RRB- and it works ten times better and was much cheaper . It does n't do the wavy slice , however , so that 's why I ordered this Borner.I thought I was going to be stuck with this POS forever and hoped that it would at least do potatoes -LRB- though I do n't make or eat waffle fries and never had any intention on starting -RRB- . Thankfully , Amazon has an awesome return policy . I did n't know just how good it was because I 've never had to return anything before this piece of junk came my way . An hour and a half after UPS so kindly picked up my package -LRB- prepaid label from Amazon -RRB- , my payment instrument was credited the full price and shipping , so I am out nothing . Still , it was very frustrating to need such a thing so badly and then have it turn out to be a lemon . I ended up slicing all 45 pounds with a knife -LRB- my mandolin makes too thin of cuts for pickles -RRB- .
 the wave of the ripple is not large enough to make thick waffle fries like they have at chick-fil-a or carls jr. .
 this product did not work for me I should of returned it . The first step is to small for waffle cut that I make and the second step does not make a waffle cut . That was the main reason I bought it .
 I do n't find the need for this - just be careful with the shredder . On the other hand , I may be missing something . Instructions for how and when to apply this safety gadget are in drawings on the side of the wrapping . An instruction page -LRB- no need for a book , just a few clues on how to use this thing -RRB- is in order but sorely lacking . Shop elsewhere for another meaningful gadget , or just live dangerously . The manufacturers of these products seem to believe we will do just fine with pictures and possibly a prayer . Disclaimer
 I bought this with a crinkle cut slicer to use on potatoes and sweet potatoes . I find it very ungainly for those hard vegetables and have gone back to cutting vegetables without protection . I try to be careful but you can not cook without getting cut and burned once in a while.I may pick up a pair of cut resistant gloves if I see any that get good reviews but , until that , I am going commando .
 I find this holder very difficult to use . It does not hold food securely nor is it comfortable to grip if you have small hands . The design -- at least when used with the v-slicer -- does not allow you to slice most items all the way through.I would look for a different safety holder or try a steel mesh glove instead .
 Different paperweight , same seller
 First , it is tiny , about 2 by 3 inches , making it hard to hold on to . It takes a long time to `` grate '' a clove of garlic on this and then it is just mush . But so muchy that it hsa no substance and you ca n't get enough of it together to actually use . I have turned to my microplane grater which works very well . -LRB- the micro plane grater can be used to grate lots of different things making it multipurpose -RRB-
 I found that it did not work . It was hard to keep the garlic clove in your hand and the end result was not garlic pulp or juice . It was difficult to get the finished product from the card .
 i thought this item would be near size or normal statue espcialy for such high price i was expecting much better instead i got tiny little statue that my necklace is even bigger than !
 The bedding looks beautiful on the website , but I received mine today , and I would be lucky to get the comforter to fit a queen size bed , and its dry clean only which is not mentioned in the description . Its made very cheaply . Threads are sticking out all over and running in spots . Comforter is very thin ... you get what you pay for . I am sending this back and purchasing something different .
 This is a pretty set , and it is nice to have the curtains and all the throw pillows to match . But you get what you pay for , this is NOT Quality . I have had mine for about 6 months and threw the quilt out over a month ago because the material had ripped in Multiple places . The stiching and material is not quality . But for a infrequently used room , it is a nice matching set , just do n't expect to keep it long if this is for your actualy bedroom .
 This item worked for about a month . Used it to make slushies-did not break ice with it as it was not powerful enough for that . I thought it would do its job but it was weak . After a month the lid broke and the blade chipped . I threw it away as a result . Do not buy .
 The blender itself works pretty well with juice and powder supplements . The lid is a problem as no matter how hard I hold the opening closed liquid always seeps out . I was very disappointed this morning when the motor just died , it has only been 2 month -LRB- I bought in in Mid October -RRB- . I will be upgrading to a more durable version without the lid problem . It was worth a try but in the end the quality is too poor for me .
 I am living abroad so I searched for battery operated blenders because my daughter wanted to make smoothies . well today , Christmas , she opened her gift and was thrilled until we saw the cord . We attempted to use it with a converter but it already blew . thanks for the deception Amazon .
 I bought this for my grandaughter and had amazon send it directly to her . She wanted a blender to make smoothes . She said the one she has does not blend well and is never without chunks of ice . Guess what this is the same blender she has ! The new one was as bad as her old one . She lives in Alaska , so shipping it back cost more then the blender .
 Thought this would be good for making my protein shakes . However , I soon found out that this thing cant even blend ice . You get what you pay for . I 'm not sure what the other reviewers are talking about -- this thing is a piece of garbage .
 Ok , I wanted to get a blender so I could start making smoothies after just having our 2nd child . Our anniversary was coming and after prolonged hint dropping I realized that he was still going to procrastinate and drop the ball . I figured I would leave the window open and he would see the amazon page when he went on the computer later that night . So I came downstairs after the kids were asleep to find a order confirmation screen ! I was like , ` yeah he finally took my hint '' -LRB- after many years of not -RRB- ... Well that night when he came downstairs I ask him if he ordered my blender . He said no but in a way where I was n't sure if he was messing with me or not . And then I heard him go , ` blender ? who bought a blender ? how much did this blender cost ? and that 's when I realized he dropped the dang ball again ! ** So who bought me this blender we think to ourselves , and that 's when I realize my son , who comes downstairs to play on Sprout online had clicked on the One-Click Buy that amazon offers.He did that around 7pm and the next day as I sat on the stairs , talking on the phone a mini-van pulls up in front of my driveway . You could imagine thinking who is this while the man delivers me the blender . Was a little weary of that and it made me uncomfortableAS FOR THE BLENDER
 After reading the overwhelmingly positive reviews , I thought that this would be a wonderful device for my wife 's breakfast smoothies . Perhaps it is.But the unit arrived DOA!Asking Amazon for a replacement . If the next unit has the same problem , it will be time for a nasty phone call to Hamilton Beach !
 I ordered two of these at the same time and were used around 4-7 times a week . Both of the carafes broke after one year . I did put them in the dishwasher but our dishwasher does not have a heating element and uses steam to dry the dishes and most times I did put the carafes on the top rack . It is a shame they broke as they worked great . I used them to make smoothies for my two boys .
 I bought mine at Walmart and paid about $ 9 for it but when I tried to make a salza with Romma tomatoes and onions it failed miserably . It might work good with just liquid ingredients but it does not work with vegetables at all .
 I loved it for the full week it worked . This morning it got hot and stopped working . My breakfast smoothie was simple
 My mom has had a magic bullet for 5 yrs , we absolutely love it . I recently moved out & since magic bullets are a little pricey I settled for this cheap product ... I got what I paid for ! My first time using it , I made my boyfriend a protein shake with chocolate whey protein , milk , peanut butter and crushed ice . You 'd think a simple mix like that would easily blend , nope . I had to use a spoon to finish mixing it because it does n't funnel the mix towards the blade so it was left with chunks of powder . On top of chunks of powder , I had chunks of ice because the blade does n't catch the ice to blend it . I trashed it after I tried to make several smoothies & continued to have chunks of ice & fruit . Now I 'm waiting to receive the magic bullet I ordered that I just ca n't live without ! : p
 I had this blender a couple months , and I ended up replacing it . I bought it because it was cheap , but it 's just too weak . It would stall a lot when I used it , and I would only have to use it for about 30 seconds before it started to smell like something was burning .
 I bought one of these at Walmart . The power of the motor is amazing . In fact , that is the problem . You ca n't fill it up half way unless you hold the lid on , or you will blow it off . The motor is so strong it torqued the cup , and snapped the retaining rings off on both sides of the bottom of the blending cup . They are rather cheesy , flimsy pieces of plastic . This would be a wonderful blender if it had better securing to the base , and a top that did n't have to be held down . I took mine back and got a standard blender . I had hoped to use something smaller than my vitamix for small jobs , but this is n't it . Back to the vitamix , which , of course , is the best . Vitamix wants 80 dollars for a smaller blending cup . I would rather spend the money on a complete blender . 80 bucks for a blending cup is a ripoff .
 I have owned 2 of these blenders so far . The first one lasted about 3 months and burnt out . I went back to using my old full-size blender which has lasted for years , but missed the convenience of the little single-serve , so I purchased a second one . The lid of the second one cracked after a little over a month . I went to the company website to find out about getting a replacement lid . The lid was not that expensive , but with shipping cost of almost $ 10.00 the part was going to cost almost as much as an entire new unit . I 'm looking at purchasing a different brand now .
 I bought this based on the previous good reviews . However , the blade shaft in the detachable jar froze solid for some reason , rendering the entire unit useless . The base unit continues to spin , but without the blade is useless . I 'm contacting Hamilton Beach to see how their warranty section holds up . I did note in the warranty that they may not cover this situation , and that a replacement jar is $ 11.99 . Probably , with shipping , that is the price I 'd pay for the entire unit at Walmart . Not too happy of a camper right now , but we 'll see if they send me a replacement for free . Of course , I doubt I have the receipt anywhere .
 I used this blender for my son on a biomedical treatment . I bought two so i could one container and then use the other . The first container started leaking in less then a month of daily use . I ordered another from Hamilton Beach -LRB- worst customer service , sounds like they answer from there own house -RRB- . I had to pay for shipping that was half of the original $ 12 I paid at Walmart . I got the second one in and the first night of use it starts leaking . I am return all to Walmart and I am going to get my shipping cost back . Horrible product . Dont have time for crap like this .
 Had the black model that I think came after this one . Liked it , but was replacing about every three months . Got this one and thought it was broken . You have to REALLLLY push in the pulse button REALLY hard . IF someone had arthritis in their hands , doubt they could use this . Granted , it does n't take long to blend a smoothie , but it 's like the button does n't connect unless you push in as far as you possibly can . Love the idea of a mini blender , but after having problems with last two of Hamilton Beach 's mini 's , not too happy . Too much of a pain to return for this amount of money .
 I previously owned this blender for at least 2 years and it was a dream . However they changed the LID on this blender and it leaks horribly . The part on the lid where you push it back to sip out of it or stick a straw , does not close tight and stuff leaks out of it . I have had it for one hour and it is going back . I will hunt for the older version . This new and improved with the lid is poorly designed .
 I used this smoothie maker for blueberry smoothies -LRB- protein powder , frozen blueberries , soy milk and yorgurt -RRB- - that 's it , once a day . Engine is now dead , 3 major things wrong with this machine :1 . You have to stand next to the smoothie maker and hold down the button for the smoothie maker to work -LRB- doe n't work automatically -RRB- 2 . Does n't funnel the ingredients downwards into the blades -LRB- so I had to often use a spoon -RRB- 3 . Cheap - less than 3 months and I have to buy another and do without my morning shake until I find a replacementSpend your money more wisely on sonething else .
 If you plan to use this to make smoothies ; I definitely DO NOT recommend this product if you will be using anything that is frozen . The motor is n't very powerful and mine quit after using it only 4 times . It just could n't handle it . If you only want to blend soft items and liquids -- it would probably be adequate , but if you need it to do more -- this product may not be for you ! I ended up finally purchasing an Oster Blender with a Blend-N-Go cup attachment and I am thrilled with it !!
 i would recommend spending the money for a better blender . I tried using mine to make a smoothie and the ice twisted the blades so much that I probably would have to work at even mixing baby food now ! I went out and purchased a Oster blender that was only about 10 more then this one and it works much better . Hope this help !
 Just sent it back . The blade is not sealed well and your drink will leak out and make a nice mess .
 I am not really satisfied with this blender , if everything is soft and somewhat liquid , it is ok but do not try to make a smoothy !
 Read reviews of this item here on Amazon and decided to purchase it while at my local Walmart since they had it and it was cheap -LRB- $ 15.88 -RRB- . Well , you get what you pay for ; the lid is cheaply constructed and does n't fit tightly , also the `` travel lid '' which is the actual lid , has a slider to cover up the drinking hole , between both of these the lid leaks like a sieve . Also the blade is molded into the cup so if you take it with you and break it , you are out the cup and blade assembly not to mention you can use the thing if it 's in the dishwasher . Overall the unit is n't very powerful , hardly creates a vortex when half full of plain water . Also in the instructions it says not to use with hot liquids or hard foods such as crackers , nuts , etc. . This is going to be going back to Walmart in favor of the Tribest Mason Jar Personal Blender and Grinder here on Amazon . I only gave it two stars because it is cheap but you get what you pay for ...
 I purchased this plate and the original you are special today plate . This one is entirely too small and should be called saucer . I love the other larger plate and have purchased two more for my adult children .
 This quilt was made well enough but it is way too short by 6-8 inches from covering the top of the bed lengthwise .
 We bought 3 of these quilts and they are already coming apart ... 2 of them after I washed them and I thought maybe my washing machine was too rough with them , but we are using the 3rd one now and that one is starting to come apart as well with out being washed .
 this is a 30 year old machine with a 30 year old design which is cheap . Most importantly , The bottom piece -LRB- drip tray -RRB- just slips out and does not stay put . There is nothing really to hold it and It is so cheaply constructed . I hate the way you need to pull parts off before you can access the water tank It is too bad that it was purchased from Aabree coffee aka whole latte love instead of Amazon or macy 's because they are not a friendly company as they impose an undesclosed restocking fee at their own convenience -LRB- that 's right , they will surprise you in three months with your credit amount reflecting a restocking fee varying from 15-50 % -RRB- yeah , there are great reviews for this machine but they are as ancient as this machine . if you want this machine , might as well get it from a garage sale or craigs list . As for me , I prefer something that was n't on my grandmothers counter . anyone who defends this machine is trying to make a sale . plain and simple
 I purchased a Gaggia classic less then 4 months ago . It made reasonable coffee for a while . Then it stopped . I could not locate the company to repair it nor to let me know who is behind their machine for repairs.I had to spend $ 150.00 to have it repaired locally . No factory warranty or help.Would not recommend the machine unless you want to spend a great deal of your money to keep it going . No company help whatsoever .
 This machine is a total waste of money . I got it for CHristmas and after a month -LRB- right after the Amazon 30 days -RRB- it started spitting espresso out the sides when I brew two shots . I have tried tamping down the coffee and changing the grind and nothing makes a difference . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY on this item . You ca n't even call Amazon for help there is no phone mumber . What a disappointment .
 I purchased this item 40 days ago and it is now dead in the water . The Amazon return policy on this item is 30 days so I 'm out of luck there . This would be the first disappointment I 've had from Amazon . I should be able to return a defective device like this for at least 90 day in my opinion . Instead I 'll have to track down a guarantee location to get this taken care of . Very disappointed .
 I had this thing for a little over a year . When it works , it makes great coffee . It is extremely high maintenance . I use filtered water , i de-scale , and still , it quit on me after one year and about two months . It 's just sitting on my counter , a huge waste of money . Repairs are outrageously expensive , and it 's not an easy machine to repair yourself unless you 've got loads of time . I am now drinking instant coffee . Biggest waste of money .
 This is the worst espresso machine I 've ever owned/used . I 've owned 3 machines prior and used countless others . I read somewhere that with this machine `` you have to get the grind right . '' Duh ! For this machine , however , no grind seems to be right . If your grind is even slightly too coarse , you get a watery shot ; too fine a grind and the machine wo n't even produce a shot ! Nothing happens ! The machine just backs up . I 've ground the coffee myself and tried multiple grinds from multiple coffee shops/vendors . Let me put it this way
 I 've had a Breville 800 for 5 years and it died . : -LRB- After reading reviews of many machines for many days , I thought I 'd branch out and try the Gaggia Classic . BUYER REMORSE !!!!!!!!!!!!! I received it and After reading the manual , and the separate page that tells you to ignore the manual , and using the separate parts diagrams to figure out what the manual is telling you , and figuring out how to remove a seemingly unremovable part to get the water tank out , and figuring out what 's `` on '' and what 's `` off '' on the 3 varieties of on/off switches that have `` 1 '' and `` 0 '' instead of on/off , and priming and purging to get started , I was exhausted , but determined to try it . First problem . . although I love espresso , I never bought the frou-frou cups - seemed like I was trying too hard to be trendy . But it 's a requirement w this machine - the output is so low , you ca n't get a regular cup underneath . OK , what to use ? After rooting around in my cabinets , I found a large shot glass that would work . FINALLY i 'm ready ! And indeed I finally got a double pull , and the coffee is fine . So I decided to go for the gusto and froth up some milk for a cappucino . * sigh * . How could I assume that would be intuitive ? First of all , the wand is an incredibly stupid design . It extends at a right angle , the down piece is too short , and I could hardly get the wand in the milk unless I filled my frothing pitcher all the way up . Secondly , the noise was so loud I was sure I 'd bring the building super running.The coffee is n't bad , but my advice ? BUY A BREVILLE !!!!!!!!!!!
 The machine produces an extremely wonderful cup of espresso . It 's main and constantly irritating flaw is this turbo frother sleeve . It has too many pieces to clean , and worst of all , the sleeve does not remain securely attached to the the metal steam pipe . Several times I 've had the frother explode off the machine in a cloud burst of half-steamed milk that sprayed all over the kitchen . I 've had various other problems with this complicated design . In fact , the company provides a detailed , additional page of instructions on how to troubleshoot with the frother sleeve , which suggests to me that the company is already aware that the design is flawed . I have to ask the question
 Based on the reviews , I thought this would be a good choice . I wanted a unit that was well made and could handle both tamped grounds and ESE pods . Upon receipt , the build quality seems pretty high . It makes a nice espresso , but really struggles generating flow with the pods . And , alas , shortly thereafter it started to leak pretty badly around the pump . Sent back to the vendor , who informed me that none of the espresso machines that promise ESE compatibility are very good at it . Sigh . Now they tell me.Received the unit back and for 2 months it 's worked well up until the pump died . I suspect the labourious effort to force water through the ESE pods was just too much for it . So I guess I get to ship the 30 lb thing back to the east coast again for servicing.Finally , when I purchased this unit I had a choice of vendors and I went with Wholelattlove because they promised wonderous customer support . But I have found their service dept difficult to even get ahold of . When I originally had the issue with the pump leak , they advised me to take the top off the unit , run it and see if I could spot and fix the leak . Nice . It would 've been better to purchase directly from Amazon and return for replacement when it did n't work .
 I searched forever to find an Espresso machine to replace my Starbuck 's Barista and ended up with this Gaggia despite the fact I read on Amazon and in a number of online Espresso/Coffee forums that people had experienced problems . I have had the machine for less than a year and it suddenly stopped working . The power died . I am going to try and call Importika tomorrow and see if they can service/repair the machine . I am very disappointed in the Gaggia brand and the fact something major happened to the machine after owning it for such a short period of time . I owned the Starbuck 's Barista for over 8 years and never had one problem or had to service or repair anything . I would NOT recommend buying this machine .
 This item made decent coffee for the first nine months , or so . After that , it began pumping slowly and inconsistently . Now , at just over a year after purchase , it 's completely broken . We have descaled , and use R.O. filtered water in the machine . I beleive the pump is weak and has broken . Repairs are not easy to figure out , either . I wanted a true espresso machine , but now I regret not getting a Nespresso -- my inlaws have one and it makes delicious coffee without any of these issues . So much for being a purist .
 The `` Classic '' got good customer reviews and I agree with ... `` it makes great Espresso '' . I have had two of the `` Classic '' in the past month and both have had the pump fail . Although , Amazon is outstanding on the returns and refunds , I have twice learned . I have confidence in Amazon , but forget the Gaggai 14101 Classsic .
 I 'm an espresso drinker looking for a machine to brew a good tasting espresso . I started with a DeLonghiEC155 entry level espresso machine , with poor results . Then I bought the Gaggia Classic . All the shotswere sour . I tried everything recommended by several people on the Gaggia forum . Temperature surfing , better beans , roasting my own beans , adjusting the boiler pressure , darker roasts . Since I could n't drink the espresso , I did start making cappuccinos , which this machine can do.Putting lots of sugar in the drink offsets the sour coffee taste . Not what I wanted , so I returned the machine . -LRB- Kudos to Amazon for their liberal return policy ! -RRB- Wondering what to buy next to get that heavenly shot of espresso in the morning ?
 Unit arrived and pump did n't operate . Unit was packed in an outer box barely larger than the unit 's box , with a few of those air things thrown in so it 's no surprise that the unit did n't work . And then Amazon forced me to pay $ 6 postage to return the separate tamper which I purchased but now no longer need since I 'm returning the espresso machine . Thanks , that 's what I get for spending typically $ 2,000 a year as a faithful Amazon customer . Suggest that people not order delicate Italian machinery mail order from Amazon but rather why not try that bed and bath retailer so that at least you can return a defective unit to their local store .
 My Pavoni was acting up , electrical problems . So I decided to get my wife this lovely Gaggia product because it had great reviews . What happened ? I got it . She opened it and we planned on taking it to Brooklyn with us . What happened ? We plugged it in and nothing happened . Typical Italian engineering and instructions . The lights would n't light and even when we left it plugged in for 10 minutes , nothing.Thanks , Gaggia for making this Christmas special . Let 's see if your replacement will even work . I am not hopeful .
 I am so disappointed in my Gaggia . For a few months it worked fantastically -LRB- after I threw away the stupid frother that made `` dish suds '' -RRB- . Now it is leaking water from the pump and is getting super hot -- the water is boiling . So it looks like the thermostat is broken as well . This sucks . I never had problems like this with my Saecco which worked forever . Even though there is a warranty , which I will take advantage of , it will be a lot of work to ship it off to the other coast and I wo n't have the machine for a while . I have read that the leaky pump is a common problem with Gaggias when they go bad . I only had this machine for 4 months .
 Have had for one year , four months . Just went to make espresso and water started leaking out of all seams in the power head . Called Gaggia support in the US -LRB- Importika -RRB- , and was informed that I have to send it in for repair . It 's incredibly disappointing that the machine only lasted four months beyond the warranty period before it needs an expensive repair .
 The cost of this replacement filter with shipping and handling included is almost as much as the wet/dry vac originally cost !
 After I saw the 5 star review I thought this was going to be a great set and 100.00 is no small change for flatware , when you can get good sets at walmart for 19.00 dollars , so i bought 2 sets of this the first set was missing all the spoons table and teaspoons and had double the amount of knives the second set was an apparant return with all the flat ware unwrapped and throwm into one box clanging together through transport not wrapped properly and scratched , the weight of this flatware was not top quality not heavy guage it was maybe 2.00 guage , not worth the 100 dollars i paid , i sent it back and hope now i get my refund in a timely manner , Amazon needs to check these flatwre sets before shipping them or they are going to lose me as a customer .
 I use this shower caddy at the gym . Its girth is the right size for a few different bottles , but it is rather tall . While the caddy is 12 '' , most of my bottles are no more than 6 '' . So it has a lot of extra unused space that only takes up more room in my small locker . The lightweight mesh material is nice for quick drying , but I wish the bottom was made of the same mesh material as the sides so that water flowed through it easier . Right now I have to turn it on its side and let it drain a couple of minutes before carrying the caddy back to my locker.Now in terms of condition , it has n't lasted very long . I used the caddy 3-5 times per week for about 3 months . The wire frame has started to break through the material in a few places . Some holes have developed where the mesh is sewn to the bottom . Yesterday , I noticed that the handle is about to break free , hanging together by a few stitches . I will have to order something different very soon . This item is inexpensive , but I would have expected it to last longer than a few months .
 For $ 40 I was hoping for thick and luxurious towels . These are n't . Certainly they are large , and soft , but they are much thinner than towels I have bought elsewhere .
 As with the other reviews I now see , they are not as thick as I expected for a `` quality '' towel but still not as thin as an inexpensive beach towel . And I am also experiencing the unraveling of the towel end seams after only five washes . Otherwise the size is good .
 That leave nice big fluffy lint balls all over you , your floor , your face , your hair , your hands , and your washer/dryer . Other than , really nice towel . I recommend getting one of each color , and you can match the lint balls on your body with your outfit that day . Snazzy .
 I ordered these bath sheets and started using them . I immediately noticed threads floating around . I thought it was just left over strings . Then I found otherwise . These were the threads that sew the end part of the towel together . So half of that end cover part was already hanging off.They will still make a nice drying towel for when I wash my car .
 why are you listing things that are not available , you just lost a customer , you waisted my time .
 Very good coffee maker as others have pointed out . Worked for six months then began to leak severely during brewing process . It 's now useless . Not built to last . My other Capresso coffee pot broke nearly right away . The feature where you can remove the carafe during the brewing process depends on a tiny plastic piece that broke off while removing the carafe rather than preventing drips . I 've had experience with two Capresso coffee pots of this type and both did n't last very long . I feel it 's because they used flimsy/cheap parts in critical areas .
 If this little coffeemaker did n't make decent coffee , I would have given it one star . It does , and had I writtent a review before trying to clean the reservoir , I would have rated it at least a four.Unfortunately , the difficulty of cleaning the water reservoir -- and the impossibility of removing the water indicator level from the unit to clean it -- are points important to consider if you live in an area where ants periodically invade everything . Even with the use of a cleaning agent , crud remains and is unreachable.Furthermore , the carafe has a metal band around it , making it impossible to rewarm coffee in the carafe in the microwave . The `` footprint '' of this coffeemaker is bigger than it needs to be , too.Overall , these seemed sufficient reason to downgrade my rating of this coffeemaker to a two.BOTTOM LINE
 nice idea , but materials and construction were shoddy and did n't fit together ... . It seems more and more that places are counting on you not wanting to bother with the pain of sending something back
 This piece looked great online and actually looks great in person , but the wood pieces had several nicks all over it and in pretty noticable spots . Will have to touch up with paint . The directions for putting it together were absolutely terrible . Once finally together its not all that sturdy . For the cost there are better ones out there and cheaper .
 Not really what I was expecting . First of all , their not really `` amazingly strong '' as the item description currently claims . I tried to hang a picture of some artwork my kid colored at school on a regular sized sheet of construction type paper on our fridge using one magnet and it instantly slid down the fridge to the floor . I had to use three . Second of all , these things are tiny . I measured one of the square ones with a tape measure and it 's 7/8 '' on the dot . That 's kind of my fault though , as it does say `` approximately 1 inch '' in the product descrip , i shudda known that meant smaller than an inch . But even , with the small size , I still thought they 'd be OK when I ordered them because I 've had earth magnets smaller than these things that can hold several sheets of paper at a time up on the fridge , but these are n't that strong . just standard magnets . Picture makes them look much bigger than they are . Maybe I 'll upload one of my own ... Do yourself a favor and spring for some earth magnets .
 Do not buy this machine for long-term use as it is mechanically unreliable . Owned it for 3.5 years and had to have it repaired at 2.75 years for $ 190 . Broke down a second time at 3.5 years and estimated cost for repairs again $ 190 . It is going in the garbage and I will never buy an fully automatic Gaggia machine again .
 This is a beautiful machine , that makes perfect coffee.As an Italian I should have known better . Beauty does not last . After 2 months the machine suddenly died . I returned it to the seller -LRB- Whole Latte Love -RRB- 3 times and it was returned to me 3 times , allegedly repaired , but still it did not work -LRB- was dead -RRB- . All this is not acceptable for an expensive machine.All this is not acceptable from a serious vender.There are other options on the market .
 My Gaggia Syncrony broke within it 's warranty period . I sent my machine to Importika , Gaggia 's US importer and service company.They kept my machine for 3 months while it was awaiting repair , then sent the machine back to me still broken.This machine sounds good and can make a good cup of espresso . However , like Jaguar , make sure that you have a 2nd espresso machine as a back up ... or better yet , find a different espresso machine to purchase
 Do n't buy this machine or anything else from Wholelattelove.com . I made approx 4 cups of latte with this machine and had to pack it for moving . I did so as per the instructions in the box and when I unpacked it a couple of months later it did n't work . Sent it back , $ 68.00 shipping , it was gone for a month and when I got it back I made 2 cups of latte and it did n't work . At this point I asked for my money back , they gave me a return authorization , which I used , another $ 68.00 shipping and 3 weeks later they told me it was out of warranty and they could not give a refund . After extensive conversation about this I finally agreed to accept a refurbished machine . Mine was obviously a lemon . I received the machine a couple of days ago and last night discovered that my bank account had been debited by them to the tune of $ 90.80 . It was listed as an ATM debit by Wholelattelove . I have no idea how they got my account # as I paid for the original machine with AM EX . Believe me I intend to find out who debited my account and why this was authorized . AGAIN DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY
 The unit that I purchased was advertised as `` refurbished '' when in fact it was heavily used and not even properly cleaned . When I called to ask for return authorization or replacement parts they refused . After repeated unanswered emails they still have never sent me the replacement parts for the unit . Not Gaggia 's fault but they should think twice about continuing to use this company to distribute their products .
 Very finicky machine . Makes a great espresso when it is n't flashing lights at you . The bean hopper is especially difficult . I do n't consider it very automatic since you spend more time troubleshooting the flashing lights .
 The material is thin , not plush . That suited me just fine because I wanted a towel I could lie on the beach with or something simple that I could dry myself off with . If your expectation is a plush , thick bathroom kind of towel , this is n't for you.Speaking as an adult male over 6 feet tall , I wish the towel was about 5 inches wider and 5 inches longer . Often I would lie on the towel and slip off the sides and get sand all over my arms . Or , I would lie on my stomach and the front of my legs would all get sandy . I 'm sure kids may not care about this so much , but for me it was annoying.The graphics are crisp and look great . I think this would get more than 2 stars from me if it was just a larger towel -LRB- or available in a larger size -RRB- .
 This is the exact same model and make of the oreck air purifier , which I have , only the logo is different . These do not do anything , they also take 4 C batteries and they suck them dry way too quickly which turns out to be very costly . Do not waste your money on this model , they may have a different logo on them , but pay attention to the way they look , their design . You can change the batteries -LRB- way too often -RRB- but there is no way to change the filter inside . Save your money try a different one . I mean completely different one . Do n't even bother with the ones that look like this one , you will feel cheated . Even a $ 1.00 feels like a cheat when the thing you spend it on never works : /
 I bought this machine to cut down on the clutter at the coffee area on my kitchen counter . While I was able to put my thermos away , so far , I am disappointed with the quality of coffee delivered . First off , I like a HOT cup of coffee in the morning . Kitchen thermometer testing on a fresh brewed cup from this unit registered 120 degrees . Also , the coffe tasted week compared to my old $ 15 Sunbeam . Oddly enough , by the time my wife got up 35-45 minutes later I rechecked the coffee tempature from the resevoir and it was now 140 degrees ! Apparently the internal warming element heats the coffee 20 degrees or so . The problem is , when coffee is not brewed at a hot enough temprature to begin with , the proper aromatics and flavor are not released and you will have a disapointing brew . Also a problem if you look forward to that first piping hot cup as soon as its ready ! A quick web search on proper coffee temprature recomendes 195 to 205 degrees for brewing . Of course , only the most expensive home pots could come close to that , but I found the 150 degree brewing tempratures acheived witth my old Sunbeam produeced a more acceptable temprature and better taste . I noticed another reviewer recommending to just adjust the amount of coffee used if it tastes week . Thats all fine and good unless you look at the actual price of coffee these days . Another small quirk about this machine is there is no aroma of coffee brewing due to the unit being self-contained . The smell of fresh brewing coffee is one of lifes great pleasures as far as I am concerned!I am going to contact the manufacturer to see if these are acceptable temperatures for their machine -LRB- be surprised if they will even know -RRB- and will either return or exchange . Looks like the old Sunbeam and Marlboro thermos are coming back !
 I had one of these a few years ago and it worked great ! It lasted for a couple of years . But , last month I decided to go back to this model because I missed the convenience of not having a carafe and it was horrible from the start . The annoying `` Cln '' started flashing 4 days after I bought it . I followed the instructions on cleaning the item and it would n't stop flashing that it needed cleaning . I reset it by un-plugging it . It still flashed `` cln '' . I decided to clean it again , same problem . So , I returned it . Got a brand new one . I thought maybe I had recieved a defective one . But after only two weeks this one did the same thing ! I had thrown away the box thinking that this one was good , so I could n't return it again . After a few emails with Hamilton Beach , they want me to cut the cord and send them $ 7.00 to replace it . I really do n't want to replace it with the same thing and I think it 's outrageous that they requested S&H . I 've spent a lot of time cleaning , returning the darn thing . Now , I am out the 50.00 + dollars it cost me . I am very dissapointed with Hamilton Beach , their product and their customer service . Never again .
 This is the 3rd purchase of this product . They wear out very fast . Coffee is lukewarm when first brewed and must be heated in the microwave . It does get warmer after 30 minutes but defeats the purpose of fresh hot brewed coffee . It does leak and is hard to fill . Customer service answer to the the problem ? `` We will document your complaint . '' `` Sorry for the inconvenience . ''
 When I first bought it , I LOVED it . The coffee tasted so good . But after having it for three months , the blasted machine leaks all over the place . I stringently followed the manufacturer 's directions about cleaning the tank , too.It 's a complete dud . For $ 50 , it 's highway robbery . DO N'T BUY !
 After 7 months of daily usage -LRB- and carefully following the 30-day cleaning instructions -RRB- the tank filter became blocked with coffee scum . This is a fine mesh filter that can not be cleaned , can not be removed , and rendered the Brew Station useless . No doubt this works for occasional usage but it is not practical for brewing morning coffee every day .
 Unable to see the water line clearly plus , after a short period of time , it will start leaking . Hamilton Beach does not stand behind their product and they are hard to contact/work with . Very arrogant representative . Bought a Keurig . Expensive but it works great !
 Regardless of how often and well you clean this coffeemaker , be prepared for the coffee to taste like plastic . In fact , my mouth had a constant plastic/chemical taste in it after drinking from this coffee maker . Back to the percolator !
 I am shocked to find so many rave reviews for a product that I despise . I gave it two stars for only the following reasons
 This is my second and last one . Both unit will not pump all the water out of the water container . I will be looking for a better unit . The first one lasted about ten months and the last one lasted about three months . I was going to ask if their was a solution for this then what I got was pay $ 15 and we will have our experts tell you about a fix if possible . No Thanks .
 Update
 This is our fourth BrewStation . We were in love with the first one . The second and third iterations were n't as good , but we tolerated them . We 've even given several as gifts . But this new one ... we wo n't even tolerate . It stinks . How in the world can each successive machine get worse?As other reviewers have said , the coffee does n't come out hot enough to drink and has to be microwaved ... or you have to wait half an hour until it heats up . But I can promise you you wo n't want to do this , because you have to wait a week just to make a pot in the first place ! I 've never seen a NEW coffeemaker that has to be started a hour before you want to drink the coffee.And yes , it leaks . And yes , it tastes like plastic . And no , we 'll not be trying the next model . At this rate , Hamilton Beach wo n't be in business for a next model anyway.I hate to go back to using a carafe after all these years , but I 'm off to buy a Bunn . Enough .
 I really like the idea behind this coffeemaker as I 've broken a lot of glass carafes in my day . Unfortunately , this model greatly disappointed me . Here are some of the problems I 've identified :1 . My BrewStation lasted one year and , during that year , I was out of town for six straight months .2 . It 's difficult to get a proper brew . Using the same amount of coffee and water yields different results - and do n't you dare change coffees or you will have to start the guessing process all over again .3 . The death of my BrewStation came when the brewed coffee started to leak from its holder and onto the warmer plate.A couple of bad design flaws are , first , the coffee gauge is pretty ridiculous and you have no idea how much coffee you really have left to dispense . Second , a more critical design flaw in this maker in that pouring the water into the reservoir is very awkward and messy . This is a very annoying flaw and makes me ever-so-slightly relieved that I do n't have to deal with it anymore , since it broke so quickly .
 This is the second one I have bought . I had hoped with all the bad reviews they had fixed the problem and the second one would n't leak . I really loved this coffee maker except for the constant dribbling . I put up with it until I found my entire counter flooded one morning . I hate going back to a carafe and I will miss my Brewstation when it worked good , but neither of them lasted much more than 6 months . I wrote to Hamilton Beach and complained and I never got a reply back . I will not buy a Hamilton Beach product again .
 I would not recommend this to anyone . It started leaking after only two days and continued leaking even after following the cleaning instructions . Could n't return it either b/c the packaging was tossed . This went priduct went straight to the garbage and I bought a Mr. Coffee carafe-less ... it uses a pump instead of gravity like the HB . Dont waste your money !!
 I loved the convenience of my Hamilton Beach Brewstation ; but I wo n't buy another one of them . I have owned 2 of them -LRB- one was this model ; and the other was a slightly taller model that can accomodate a travel mug -RRB- . In both cases , the pot started leaking badly after only 6 months of use . Considering the cost , they should last longer than 6 months before going into the trash .
 My husband decided we needed the Hamilton Beach Brew Station . -LRB- the 12 cup model -RRB- . I looked at it and really did n't like the size of it but because I knew I would never hear the end of it I bought it and brought it home amd gave away my old , reliable and still working after 3 years Kitchen Aid.Well , the coffee brews fast and everything worked great ... BUT , I had the hardest time pouring water in the hole where you fill it up for brewing . I mean I just COULD NOT hit the hole without pouring water all over my counter . The `` carafe '' part that you have to pour with is large and the hole is as wide as a tablespoon and CURVED , so you have to angle the carafe to pour it and hope it all makes it into the small hole!I kept my mouth shut about this though , because I wanted my husband to admit that he hated it too ... Well , It took about 6 months and suddenly , one morning before hehad his coffee , he decides that he has had enough and admits that he hates this coffee pot and would I please go out and buy another pot ? I said `` sure ! '' So , I went to our local building supply store and bought another Kitchen Aid.It has a large pouring hole AND a water holder that comes off for cleaning!I will find the brew station a new home at my local Salvation Army donation site and hope the poor person that buys it has better aim than I did !!
 After only 9 months , the coffee maker developed a drip that floods my counter . The drip comes from the mechanism that opens and closes to release coffee for which there are no replacement parts . The warranty is worthless because I would have to pay shipping costs to and from Hamilton Beach . The solution - for the cost of postage , I have a new Mr Coffee ... . DISAPPOINTED
 Purchased this coffee maker at a retailer last March . The markings for number of cups is very hard to see and it is very difficult to pour the water into the coffee maker because of limited space on the top . As of today it is going in the trash because the container for the brewed coffee is leaking thru the bottom . Would not buy again .
 I used this in the USA and thought it was great . Imported one into UK at some cost . Needs v expensive transformer to use . More expensive than coffee maker and postage combined .
 My particular dissatisfaction is with the Model 47686 . Leaks from day one getting progressively worse as time went by . In all fairness , the brew station made exceptional coffee ... if you did n't mind cleaning up the mess on a daily basis . Tried all methods of troubleshooting and then read the reviews on Amazon.com to discover everyone who purchased the BrewStation had the same or similar problems . Great concept ... Poor product !
 Flaws
 I bought this machine for our small office for several reasons . I liked the idea of not messing with the carafe . The pour while brewing feature seemed like it would work better then the spillage we saw with our old cheap drip model . It had the timed brew and auto shut feature , both important to have in our office.From the start I was tending to dislike this machine due to the difficulty in pouring the water into the back reservoir . You are suppose to use the `` bucket '' that the coffee ends up in after brewing . This is awkward and very difficult to pour from without getting water all over because of how wide the whole bucket thing is . It was a given that whoever was making coffee would end up cleaning up water all over until I finally bought a separate glass carafe from which to pour the water.The pour while brewing feature seemed like a bonus at first until it was realized that whoever tried to take a cup before the whole pot was done ended up with a lukewarm cup of coffee they ended up heating in the microwave . After several months of use the pour spout itself became `` out of whack '' and it became impossible to pour a cup of coffee in under 15 minutes -- something the boss did not appreciate too much -LRB- `` no , really , I was getting a cup of coffee that whole time ... '' -RRB- And when you are waiting on that first cup of caffeine ... More messes were caused by those trying to speed things up by doing a reverse pour from the `` bucket '' into their cups . I tried cleaning , realigning , etc and nothing made it better.The grated catch basin under the pour spout was just disgusting after a bit and near to impossible to clean.In the end we went back to our $ 15 coffee maker and tossed this one in the garbage .
 I am currently throwing out my second Hamilton Beach # 47665 brewmaster for several reasons .1 . Simply needs a 50 cent gasket that is easy to replace by removing 6 phillips head screws on the underside of the tank . A gasket I 'd be willing to pay upwards of $ 10 for . Alas Hamilton Beach , who still produces this part , WILL NOT sell it to you . Instead they make you purchase the entire tank @ around $ 25.00 & shipping I 'm sure .2 . My previous unit had an issue with the spigot operation which again is held in by two phillips head screws , yet again no parts available other than the entire tank .3 . The miserable customer service @ Hamilton Beach . What is it with people who think it is OK to cut you off mid sentence ? Only to try to make themselves `` LOOK '' right when they have never even touched this unit or part . It 's not a serviceable part ? Then WHy is it held in place with screws ? Why have I been able to remove & replace it then ? 4 . The website will falsely sell you a gasket that it claims works for all brewstations when it is visually not the same as mine.My assumption is that it is not worth H.B 's time to help the consumer repair their equipment & keep out of a landfill . Rather they need another $ 25.00 sale to keep their lights on ? Right . Ive dealt with them on the commercial side of the parts biz . Not much better . Lastly I was not involved in either purchase but will in the future . Never agin Hamilton Beach ! Plus these units are bacterial breeding ground if you take a moment to look @ them & think how they are used . Yick . Give me a carafe back !!!!!!!! Thanks Hamilton Beach for ruining my counters & treating me like crap !!!!!!!!
 THIS COFFE MAKER WOULD BE FINE IF YOU DO N'T MIND DRINKING YOUR COFFEE OFF THE COUNTER . IT LEAKS EVERYWHERE.TIGHTEN THE SCREWS YOU SAY ? SOME ARE PHILLIPS HEAD , -LRB- WE ALL HAVE ONE OF THOSE -RRB- , AND SOME ARE SPANNER WRENCH TYPE , WHAT THE HELL , NO ONE HAS THOSE EXCEPT THE IDIOTS THAT MAKE THE STUPID THINGS.I DO N'T RECALL WHAT I PAID FOR THIS PIECE OF JUNK , BUT IT 'S GOING IN THE BARRELL RIGHT AFTER I CLEAN THIS COUNTER.PUT A POT ON THE STOVE , PUT YOUR COFFEE AND WATER , AND YOU 'LL HAVE THE BEST CUP OF COFFEE YOU POSSIBLY COULD MAKE.JUNK ! JUNK ! JUNK !
 I had the same problem as the last review . Not the same items as purchased . Not nearly as nice as the one shown . Not at all the same as the one shown . Do not purchase from Amazon this coffee maker , try somewhere else to get what you purchase .
 This coffee maker was purchased for a 79-year-old gentleman who lives alone and was tired of reheating his coffee in the microwave.The concept seemed wonderful , and when the product arrived , I set it up for him and showed him how to use it . Unfortunately , it was n't quite user-friendly enough for him.He found it confusing to figure out and awkward to use . It sits , unused , on his counter - right next to his old faithful Mr. Coffee and microwave , which are back in business again !
 I loved this coffee maker , until it broke . One day it just started pouring coffee all over the place . I contacted Hamilton Beach and the only solution was to replace the entire tank for $ 19.99 -LRB- plus shipping -RRB- so for over half the purchase price I could `` fix '' this item . I will be purchasing a coffee maker from a different company . I am very disappointed to have spent a lot more on a `` quality '' coffee maker only to have it break .
 This is our 2nd brewstation coffee maker and everyday we have coffee all over the counter from this leaking ! -LRB- both of them leaked in thesame area -RRB- It must leak from the back or the bottom because I do n't notice anything outfront of it leaking . Also , after a while it starts coming out slow . I think we will just get a normal coffee pot next time . It was a great idea just does n't work that great .
 The overall concept on this is certainly quite convenient . However now I have to clean the rubber gasket every few months -LRB- which is a pain to get to -RRB- , or it leaks coffee everywhere . As other reviewers have stated , the coffee is not always terribly hot right out of the pot . Good design , poor implementation .
 First of all , it does n't make 12 cups , only 71/2 . Coffee is n't hot enough . You have to use 2 filters , one in the basket & one on top of the grounds , otherwise the grounds explode and cover the top of the machine inside . When pouring the water in the brew container it spills all over .
 I love the design of this coffeemaker . I was glad to not have a glass carafe to deal with -LRB- and break -RRB- ... that is until I tasted the coffee from the Brewmaster if it had been in the coffeemaker more than 1 - 2 hours.Because the brewed coffee is housed in a plastic compartment -LRB- as opposed to glass -RRB- , the hot beverage seemed to take on the taste of the heated plastic from the coffee maker . Over time , it got worse.This would be a great product if the unit had an inert material as the liner for the coffee compartment .
 Terrible product design . Ruined my countertop . Stained my light oak cabinets . Leaked all over my floor , filled a drawer and ran down the front of solid oak cabinets . Dark streaks Stained wo n't come out and countertop is buckled and has to be replaced . Still waiting for a satisfactory reply from Hamilton Beach.Initially was told it was a bad gasket . Now am being told it was the screws on bottom of pot . Either way , it is a defective product .
 This worked great for two years . I used a water filtered pitcher to add the water to the hard-to-get-to water reservoir . My coffee was always hot , unlike some reviews.CONS : The buttons are too easy to bump into , and change the time.Without a pitcher , it is hard to get water into it.The coffee reservoir is hard to clean . I used a stiff brush.After a while , it started leaking into the insides by the heating element.Soon after that , the rubber gasket fell off and leaked coffee all over my counter and floor.I really enjoyed the carafe-less maker , but like so may others , this is a disposable product .
 The brew basket is too shallow , and has too many holes , leading to a too swift brew time that can not be overcome by pressing the button that is supposed to make stronger coffee . If you like coffee colored water , you will be fine . If you only use short cups , you will avoid the other design flaw , which is the inadequate distance between the spigot and the base . Horrid product , just horrid .
 This is really the hardest coffee pot to pour water into the reserviour , not lying whatsoever . It also gives the coffee a plastic taste to it and that ca n't be good for your body at all . I do n't know how people actually like this brewstation . Spend a little extra and get yourself the Brewstation Deluxe . I had one for 5 years and then it started leaking BUT 5 years is pretty good for a coffee maker that got daily use , sometimes 2 times a day I think . I decided to save some money here and downgrade , worse decision ever . Not only did this one horribly stink , I have now wasted money on return shipping . I will be purchasing another Brewstation Deluxe , the one that comes with the permanent filter . They sell a $ 50 one that uses throw away filters also .
 I have been using theHamilton Beach 47665 BrewStation Plus 12-Cup Automatic Drip Coffeemakerfor about six months . I purchased it because a colleague was raving about how much she loved hers and my current coffee maker was on its last legs . I have to say that , in the beginning , it was a match made in heaven . I loved everything about it
 More Chinese junk.Mine lasted three weeks . The water pump just quit . It 's still two weeks better than Mr. Coffee , though .
 Great concept and loved it until it starting leaking all over the counter ... Unfortunately , it seems every model of the Brewstation eventually leaks from the bottom.I have had 2 different models and both had this problem . The second one only after 7 months.Just read all reviews -LRB- especially those that have had it a few months or longer -RRB- before you purchase .
 The Hamilton Beach Brewstation has a lot of pros and one big con : Pros : Absolutely the best design in a coffe maker on the marketNo glass carafe to wash or breakEasy , push button coffee accessCons : POOR RELIABILITYThis is my fifth and LAST Hamilton Beach Brewstation . Each one has lasted about a year . Even though I love the design of the Brewstation and have overlooked the reliability issue in the past , it is absolutely ridiculous to have to buy a new coffee maker every 12 months . No more Hamilton Beach Brewstations for me !
 We bought this coffee maker about 8 months ago and at first loved the ease of use , clean-up , presetting . After about a month we began only to get a trickle of coffee coming through and water would not all go through to make a full pot , we had to keep hitting brew again . We had to run vinegar through it to clean out the build up and get an even flow of coffee coming through again - which we have had to keep repeating about every three weeks . A piece broke off the coffee filter basket making it hard to fit right in the maker , several times we would wake up the next morning -LRB- pre-setting it the night before -RRB- to find coffee spilled all over our counter even though we always made sure the part that holds the coffee was always firmly pushed in . After this last bout of coffee all over our counter this wk we finally threw the dang thing out , brought out our old Mr. Coffee we use for camping trips to use for right now , and are now back online searching for a replacement . Do n't waste your money - big hassle !
 I purchased this coffee maker in early December of 2008 , and have been mostly pleased with it . It makes an okay cup of coffee , though nothing to write home about . I am a pretty heavy coffee maker , so it has certainly gotten much use . However , about a week and a half ago , it happened
 We purchased this model because of the updated design -LRB- no pot and added features -RRB- . We thought with the updates they would have fixed the leaking problem . Well , for the first 8 months , no problems what-so-ever ! Then , we come home from church to find coffee all over our counter and floor ! This model is leaking as well ! We 've only followed direction for cleaning - never did anything outside of the provided care instructions and , this happens in less than a year ? I would n't suggest this model to anyone ! : -LRB-
 I 'm very disappointed that Consumer Reports recommended this thing ... what were they thinking ?! I should have trusted my gut and avoided the Hamilton Beach product , but this got good reviews on Amazon as well . :-LRB- I really liked the idea of dispensing piping hot coffee . I guess if you like the challenge of battling a bulky coffee maker just to get weak coffee , then this is the right machine for you ! I finally had to replace my Kitchenaid drip coffee maker and consulted Consumer Reports website to aid me in purchasing another . Despite my remote location overseas , the BX carried this recommended model and it seemed better than the Cuisenart with a carafe -LRB- which my store only had in white -RRB- . Anyway , the coffee makers I 've owned have all been about $ 100 , so I was skeptical that it was only $ 50 ... and I was right , you get what you pay for.While I do like that the coffee seems nice and hot and I liked the convenience of the the dispenser rather than a pot , the overall inconvenience outweighed that . The most important flaw , and in the end , the final straw was that the machine was bulky and there is no easy way to pull it out from under the cabinet to fill it -LRB- nothing to grab but the whole machine ! -RRB- . The very large lid opens at the top , and does n't clear the cabinet above it , so -LRB- like many coffee makers -RRB- you have to slide it in and out -- assuming it 's under a cabinet . No big deal right ? Well , this one has rubber feet or something on the bottom , so it does n't `` slide '' , it skids . You have to awkwardly , but ever so carefully , shove the bulky thing to the back of the counter while it is full of water BEFORE you 've had your first cup of coffee . Another valid complaint is that it is very difficult to tell when the coffee is almost gone ; there a brewed coffe indicator on the front , but the condensation or whatnot prevented mine from being reliable once it got below 6 cups . The inside of the tank gets filthy pretty quickly -LRB- especially if that burner scorches the last bit of coffee since you did n't know it was almost empty -RRB- and a pot and burner seems much easier to clean for whatever reason.Now for the whining part ... there are literally no bells or whistles -LRB- which I did n't realize I relied on so much -RRB- . There is no signal to tell you when the coffee is done brewing , or when it is going to shut off -LRB- nor a visible way to see how long it 's been sitting , like my Kitchen Aid -RRB- . There are , however , warnings all over the place saying to only use 3/4 T coffee per cup to avoid overflow ... so if you like full flavored or strong coffee -LRB- normally you use at least 1 T -RRB- , you 'd have to make less than 12 cups . I just made 10 cups ... not a problem . But I guess that is misleading if you really do want to make 12 cups without it leaking . While not a huge deal , the hour and minute button change the clock 's time if you accidently press one when wiping down the machine -LRB- they could have easily avoided that by having a switch for clock and program -RRB- . I used this machine for a few months , but the bulkiness , difficult mobility , lack of features and fear of overflow/leaking left me annoyed . I gave mine away to the neighbor when we moved.I will continue to search for the ideal coffee maker -LRB- the Kitchen Aid did n't really make hot enough coffee -RRB- .
 My husband bought this for me for a birthday present . I liked the idea -- press and pour . What I hate is it is difficult to measure how much water you are putting in because you are putting water into a dark black holder/tank . There are no level markers inside the tank . I 'm basically guessing how much water I am putting in . So , sometimes I get really strong coffee or weak coffee . Also , the coffee level window does n't show you how much water you 've put in unless you have direct light on the window because the tank/holder is black and the coffee is black . I have to shine light on the window to see how much coffee is in there and as I use it , how much is left.Another thing I do n't like are the big parts . I rather rinse out a carafe then this big black thing . Then you are suppose to use the big black thing to pour into these two small holes behind the holder/tank . Water inevitably gets all over . So I end up using a carafe or a measuring cup w/spout to pour into the holes . My coffee filter holder does n't fit very well over that tank , so steam/water escapes because the top lid does n't come down all the way.I do n't know if I have an earlier version of the `` BrewStation '' . I just do n't get the great reviews . It is big , clunky and takes up a lot of room . I am purchasing a different one even though mine is rather new . I 'm going to give mine away .
 Another piece of junk that does n't last 6 mos . Nice concept but apparently the gasket comes loose and you have a complete mess all over your counter . Replacing the rubber gasket is next to impossible as it requires special tools to open the area where the gasket is . A little bit of better planning on the manufacturers part would make a big difference . Do n't waste your money .
 I cleaned the new coffee maker four times buy running white vinegar and hot water through it . Coffee tasted and smelled like plastic . I guess I should have expected that since the coffee container is entirely made of plastic ; not glass like the pot I use to use.Also , the clock on the maker has a bright !! green background . It is brighter than a night light . I swear there were planes circling the house looking for the runway until I unplugged the coffee maker.Well , it went back . Black tape would have fixed the night light but who wants plastic tasting coffee ?
 This coffee pot is the worst design ever : - Water is added in the top at the back of the machine so there is no way to use this under the cabinets.-After the unit is filled and ready to start brewing , there is no easy way to slide the unit back because of the rubber feet on the bottom . So now you have to pick up the big bulky unit and hope you do n't make a mess.-The coffee level window is obscured by condensation so you have to guess at how many cups are remaining . - When you open the top to remove the used coffee grounds , hot condensation often falls on your hands.-Making more than 10 cups of coffee will cause the grounds to `` splash up '' and get all over the top of the lid , into the fresh water tank . The tank and lid are connected to the electronics and not removable . There is no easy way to clean them.Over 6 cups of coffee and it produces a weak flavor.My recommendation ... buy something else !
 Just like the K. Bird review notes , this coffeemaker starts out amazing , then turns into a big , giant pain in the bum.The coffee tastes great and keeps its fresh flavor after a couple of hours just as advertised . What you do n't know is that , even in the beginning , the dispenser is so close to the back of the unit that you have to make sure your cup is in just so . It dispenses the coffee at the side of the cup rather than in the middle.The coffeemaker very quickly tells you it needs cleaning ... like after a few brews . I 'll clean with the whole vinegar thing and very quickly it tells me it needs to be cleaned again.Then , after a few months , the coffee starts to dispense into a slow dribble . Bear in mind , it does n't dispense very quickly in the beginning either , but after a few months , you 'll wait about a minute to get even half a cup of coffee.So we cleaned and cleaned the filter and around the inside of the dispenser and it got a little better for a time . Then it starts to dribble again.We also clean this pot very religiously and it never seems fully clean to me.I am now in the market for another coffeemaker and we have n't even had it a full year . It 's so big and bulky , you 'd think it would last a really long time . pooh !
 Let me add my review to the others stating that every single one I have had leaks . For a $ 50 coffee maker , I hoped this would be the one . I loved it when it was new . Not long after , I found that it leaked from under the dispense button , all over the place . I got HB to replace it under warranty , several months later , same problem . Ditto , third machine , here we go again . This would have been my favorite.I came here to see if anyone else has recommendations for a solid coffee maker WITH a timer , that has held up .
 I thought this coffee maker was the greatest . Yes , it had some flaws , but overall we loved it . -LRB- Pouring water into the reservoir in the back of it can be a little tricky and some often ends up on your counter -RRB- I have it just over one year and there is a leak inside from the tank where the coffee is deposited after brewing . What a mess this produces . It 's a shame that this product had such a short life . I would not recommend it on this basis .
 My Brewmaster makes great coffee and we enjoyed it for three months but is now a total nuisance to use . It turns off automatically after one cup . You have to keep hitting the `` on '' button again and you can imagine how frustrating that is . Customer service said it was out of warranty.I would n't buy another Hamilton Beach product .
 I really thought this was the perfect product . I especially loved the idea of having no carafe . However , after having this product for about 3 months , I started to notice that it would leak ... occasionally . Now it leaks every time I try to use it . I would not recommend anyone get this product . Although the concept is nice , the problems are n't worth the hassle .
 I registered for two of these platters through amazon for our wedding . I received one for my bridal shower and what do you know ... . it is NOT the one i wanted - but a completely different platter ! the one i received has a wide rim and is a less elegant shape . it is exactly the one i did n't want - hence registering . This happened with the other wachtersbach products i registered for on amazon as well - not the same as the picture / description . BEWARE .
 Modern design fans may remember Nambe as I did ... the product of a small Santa Fe studio with a special alloy developed by a metallurgist from Los Alamos . When I ordered this platter I thought its high price could be justified by this heritage and I wanted to get something that was a craft product made in the United States.When the package arrived I immediately saw things had changed . The platter was made in India and had a poor finish with some visible scratches . From the tape on the packaging I think it is possible that someone else may have already returned this platter before . I also decided to return it . Be careful you may be getting it next !
 Used it for the first time over the Memorial Day Weekend and it was horrible . The tap did not pump air into the keg well causing me to waste half of the beer from a 1/2 barrel keg . Disappointed !
 Half of these were pretty bad , very wavy glass , I would have been embarrassed to ship them . The size and shape and weight on the rest is what I was looking for though .
 Even though these SAY they are microwave safe , they are NOT !! Out of 12 plates , 4 of them have now cracked in the microwave ; and I have only had them 3 months !! They also chip easily .
 These plates were what I thought I wanted . Simple , cheap , no design , no frills . I was thrilled when Amazon gave me free shipping , however that 's where my satisfaction ended . These plates are fine for placing food on them , and for the dishwasher , however , two of them have already cracked and broken while re-heating food in the microwave . The first time surprised me and I thought that there must have been a flaw in that plate . When it happened the second time the same way , I realized that these plates are NOT well made and should not be placed in the microwave . I recall that both times occurred when the food was n't hot the first time , and I hit the microwave for another minute . Both plates ' outer edge cracked ALL the way around and separated from the base . What a shame that glass would break in the microwave . As a result , I do NOT recommend these plates , and now have 10 instead of 12 , whose usage is very limited to me .
 Just got this in the mail and I tried the wrench on two different towers and it will not fit either of them . . it is just a little small for the inner nut . I wo n't bother to send it back because I think I can just grind out the rest of the metal to make it fit ...
 The screws that attach legs went thru the seat bottom and ruined the rocker . Hex screws are also hard to screw in and the heads stripped out . My last time buying furnitue unseen .
 this item was broken when I recieved it , do to packageing , sorry I did n't get a chance to use it .
 I ordered Fiesta dishes , and they arrived broken in many pieces . The dishes were wrapped individually in bubble wrap , and stacked on top of each other in a box . There was no packaging material on the bottom of the box , on the sides or inbetween the dishes . While shopping I read a review warning me Amazon poorly packaged dishes resulting in broken broken dishes . Unfortunately , I did not heed the warning.Very disappointed that Amazon packaged the dishes so poorly , what a waste . I did not reorder , I will purchase the dishes elsewhere . I love Fiesta ware , however would not suggest purchasing from Amazon .
 Though we like the `` oval '' concept for these dishes , almost each dish has a default . The default is in the plate , when the glaze is burned on the ceramic . I sent one plate back , because it was so bad , and the one I got in it 's place is even worse ! I think that the production of these plates has to have a better `` QAULITY REVIEW '' before they are placed as available for sale to the public . I will keep what I have , but I will not be buying any more of these plates .
 OK for drip and coarser functions , but due to the cheapness of the burr holders and excessive vibration , it can not maintain the consistent coffee particle size needed for espresso . for that you would at least need the Gaggia MDF espresso grinder . -- The GRINDER is IMO , MORE important than the machine !
 Bought one less than 3 years ago and its stopped working motor runs but does n't grind coffee . Tried taking it apart and cleaning looking for cause of the problem did n't help . I would not recommend as I expected it to last longer . I use it for espresso machine mid level grind which I rarely change .
 I 'm not sure if this is exactly the one I bought - but it is similar . I also bought the Gaggia espresso machine . The grinder worked fine for the first 10 months or so . Then it started smoking one day and stopped working . The warranty clearly states that the product has a 2yr warranty and instructed me to send it to Gaggia repair center , which I did . They sent it back saying they do not repair grinders . Then Gaggia Milan told me the product only has a 1 year warranty and therefore it was no longer under warranty , even though I have the warranty details which clearly state it is a 2yr warranty . I can send it to them for repair but I have to pay for shipping -LRB- to Milan ! -RRB- . This is a poor product manufactured by company with no concept of customer service . I wish I had bought the Nespresso machine instead .
 If you want a divider to separate your stacks of items on the closet shelf , do n't get this . The slightest pressure will cause it to tip over and come off of the shelf . They should have designed this with some type of locking mechanism to keep it in place ... but they did n't . If you like supporting bad engineering , please purchase this , but if you want a shelf divider , then keep looking .
 I will not give it a rating at all for I did not get what I was paying good money . I do not recommend this product unless you get what is pictured . I bought TWO SETS of the shelf dividers thinking that I was going to get what was shown . I instead got shelf diviers to be used with a solid wood shelf . I want to use the dividers on the Rubbermaid shelf as shown . I wasted my money . This is the first product that I have purchased from Amazon and have been totally dissatified .
 I ordered shelves to attach to my existing wire closet shelf . They sent me shelves to attach to a wooden shelf , which I cant use . I will send back . When they send me the correct shelves , I will then reveiw them .
 Gaggia , Italian for `` plastic that breaks . '' We 've had this grinder for a few months and a piece of plastic broke off of the doser gear . Now it is extremely difficult to get the ground coffee out of the machine . We also have one of the Gaggia Espresso machines -- the steamer wand broke recently , also plastic . Otherwise , both machines have done a good job .
 I got this coffee table a few years ago and loved it . Like other people have said it is a pain to put together but it 's hard to get certain screws in . My biggest complaint is that I think a coffee table should last more than a couple of years . The paint job did n't even hold up a year . There are big junks of wood missing . A little excessive for everyday wear and tear . The drawers are falling apart and the bottom shelf broke off a year or two ago . My advice is not to buy this thinking it will be around for a long time .
 The coffee table arrived on time , but about two months after owning it , a crack started to occur on the table top . It 's been about 9 months since receiving the item , and now there is a very large , visible crack on the table that seems to be getting worse . I will not be purchasing any more items from this line of furniture .
 Table was easy to assemble using extended screwdriver with socket . The hardware and the black finish is cheap . The front edge finish was bubbled and scratched . Its a very small table so beware ... go to Ikea get a much better deal spending $ 99 .
 AAA Home Furniture Discounts lacks integrity should be avoided at all costs . I have dealt with hundreds of Sellers in the Amazon Marketplace and AAA Home Furniture Discounts is by far the worst . They misrepresented the product and refused to replace damaged parts , then taunted me and said they would win against any claim I might file . They were completely unprofessional and never even sent an order acknowledgment or shipping notice . DO NOT REINFORCE THIS BEHAVIOR !
 arrived with crack on wood , can not see when assembled , top surface bumpy looks cheap , bottom shelf does not allign . Over all was way to expensive for how it looks , local store has same table for $ 100 less . Looks okay , but not for $ 250 , I would expect a nicer piece , would have bought the matching hall table , but not now , will buy from local store
 Purchased this item at the start of the new year . Assembly was not too bad , just a few parts here and there . It was only after pieces of the veneer started to flake that I realized I was not dealing with real wood . The kicker came when the bottom piece crumbled like an old saltine cracker . DEFINITELY NOT SOLID BEECHWOOD . If you are expecting a solid wood table , then look elsewhere , because much of this table comes from medium density fiberboard . Immediately returned .
 This is a tiny piece of furniture ! I was shocked how small it is and feel it would be appropriate size in a child 's room ! Silly to even carry this in the line as I purchased 2 other pieces in the Winsome collection and those pieces were full-size . Ca n't imagine what they were thinking on the piece .
 I was sadly disappointed with this table . It came to me damaged ... and shoddy construction . This surprised me as I have other items from this line which are excellent . I guess we get what we pay for !!!!
 The table looks just like the photo and I really like the style of it . However it arrived with a few cracks in the wood - nothing really visible when assembled though , but I 'm not sure how it will hold up over time . There 's not much to the finish so I expect it to show scuffs and scratches quickly . I had intended to use it for a living room but have repurposed it for a basement room and will be looking for something else . If it would have been practical to return this I would have .
 I ordered the Kiwi color which arrived looking faded and worn out just out of the box . Color does n't look anything like the photo . Not worth the money .
 Our experience is not like any of the others on this site . As soon as we turned it on , it simply EXPLODED . The wave action swirls the contents upward with such force that even with a lot of pressure applied to the cover it gushes out and , as you can imagine , makes a terrible mess . Even at the lowest setting it still is uncontrollable , unless it contains only a small ampount of liquid . Why were n't we warned ? The spare instructions make no mention of the need to firmly hold down the cover -LRB- however vainly -RRB- . The only amswer I can think of is that everyone else is using ice , which when crushed may act as a lind of ballast .
 We used this product for just 2 days and it stopped working .
 I have several Pelonis oil heaters -LRB- 2 analog styles -RRB- . The work very well.I purchased the digital unit to allow more accurate temperature setting . However in practice , the Digital controls are loud and the temperature is control not accurate . I have set it at 70 and seen the small room temperature be 70 -LRB- sometimes -RRB- or as high as 84 ! It is very unreliable.I would recomend that the analog heaters work as well as the much more expensive digital .
 Just opened the box and set-up grinder for first use . Two ergonomic issues immediately noted : Number one , the unit slides too easily across the countertop . It should have rubber feet to keep it steady and stable on the counter.Number two , the whole bean container lid is extremely hard to remove , in order to get beans into the unit . I mean to the point of nearly impossible . I searched online and could not find an answer , and finally was able to dig my fingernail between the lid and container to pop it off . Definitely a strong 2-hand operation . Very user-unfriendly . Finally , a huge quality issue . When I went to make my first grind , I set the grind setting to `` 6 '' for espresso grind , and the grinder jammed immediately . The bean container then rotated until the grind setting moved all the way back to `` 1 '' from `` 6 '' . When I poured out the beans from the hopper to see if I could clear the moving parts , a small 1/2 '' screw also came out with the beans . Go figure . The unit does not grind at all now - possibly something else stuck in there ? No idea - can not get in to figure it out , and not going to.Sending it back , and looking for a simpler , more robust device .
 As other reviewers have noted , the grinder has a fixed sized frame in which to put your espresso machine filter to catch the grounds -LRB- the grinder does not come with its own catcher for under the doser -RRB- . My filter does not fit -LRB- Saeco Magic machine -RRB- . This would be no more than an inconvenience except that the frame for placing your filter in is low to the counter and it is hard to fit anything else under it either -LRB- I 'd have to keep the grinder raised to fit my filter * under * the frame -RRB- . Also , if you want to make grinds for anything other than espresso , you 'd have to come up with your own catcher to squeeze in . Since the grinder has 34 coarseness settings , it seems that it IS made for something other than espresso-grade grinds ... if only Gaggio had made the space under the doser more flexible.I 'm going to return my grinder because it just wo n't work easily for me and since I have n't used it , I ca n't comment on the actual grinding mechanism . It sounds great in that respect from the other reviews .
 I bought this grinder , and the doser is too narrow , and does not fit the basket of either of my espresso machines -LRB- Krups and Saeco -RRB- . Too bad .
 Waited a month for this highly-recommended machine , which was on back order . However , when it arrived I found that my espresso portafilter -LRB- the basket that holds the coffee -RRB- would n't fit into the grinder 's holder . The holder is not adjustable either . I use a Starbuck 's espresso machine .
 It seemed flimsy and cheap but it worked ok until the doser handle broke just a month or 2 out of warranty . And we 're talking about a grinder that was only used 2x a day at the most . Disappointing ... And even more disappointing to see that the handle was made entirely of plastic . What lousy engineering . Do n't buy it .
 This product is not effective at all . It does n't even generate enough heat for a tiny bathroom . Rethink this one .
 I returned these because the hook-on attachments on one of the dividers were broken . But they would n't have worked anyway ; I could not get them to attach at all so they were of no use . Good idea , poor execution .
 Very difficult to put on shelving units . . would not stay and had to be bent in certain directions to make sure they would not pop off the shelves . Even broke one in the process . They also chip off the paint of the wire shelving while trying to put them on . Complete waste and would not recommend to anyone !
 I was very disappointed with these . It 's hard to find dividers for wire shelves , so I ordered several . Many of them were bent and would not fit on the shelves , and they are poorly made . I suggest you keep looking and pass these up .
 The width of my shelves matched the product description . Unfortunately , the ends of the dividers -LRB- where it is supposed to hook on -RRB- did not match and although one in did fit , the other end did not . Had to return . Thanks Amazon for the painless product return process !
 Sent this item back as it did not fit on my closet rack . Granted my closet racks are at least 15 years old but they look like the new ones I see in the stores . Wish they had worked . The idea is a good one !
 Two of the shelves feet fell off as I was trying to install . I did n't apply much pressure at all . This product is a total waste of $ and time . In trying to get a return authorization , I received an email from vendor asking for a detailed explanation of why I wanted to return . BEWARE .
 I bought this product because we have little children in the house . the corners are barely tufted with any padding - the wood frame is very hard underneath the fabric . it gives a false sense of padding/security . Otherwise , it looks just as it appears on the web . You really get what you pay for . Buyer beware .
 What a cheap product for such a high price ! It literally falls apart . I have now purchased 2 of them because my son loves it , but all of the plastic connectors have broken and are now taped together . It 's a very poor design with poor parts . I would understand if he was aloud to play and jump in it , but he doen not ! Only sleeps . Even though there are mesh vents in the top , no air goes through them . My son was always sweaty in it . I ended up cutting out 2 of the panel , which helped with air flow . I would recommend trying to build you own out of PVC . That 's my next try .
 This is the most frustrating product . Save yourself the hassle . I bought two as well . And now working on the third to save it for my autistic son.Gina
 Do n't waste your money on this one . The supports are n't well-placed , so it sags like crazy . We ended up bolstering it with additional tubes along the sides and the roof line -- five in all -- and it still did n't make it through the first six months . My son loved it , but it fell apart with absolutely no play -- it just perched on his bed and he 'd climb in at bedtime . If I could give this less than one star , I would .
 I agree with all the other reviews . This tent is poorly designed and just overall a piece of crap . We managed to put it together correctly but it sagged and leaned from the beginning . The plastic pieces do n't fit together well ; they constantly come apart and it 's completely frustrating constantly refitting them and trying to keep the tent balanced on the bed . That said my poor son loved it , but I finally got so angry and frustrated that I threw the thing out . My son is so upset ; he 's in his room crying over it right now . So I 'm shopping on line for a new tent . Do yourself a favor and do n't waste your money and time on this . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This item has been misrepresented
 Received the wine cooler but it was damaged . Door would not fit correctly . Also it seemed flimsy . Returned it and went to Home Depot and got a much nicer undamaged wine cooler
 The temperature is wildly inconsistent and does not match what the guide says in the owner 's manual . I had it serviced twice , including having the thermostat replaced , but it still gets way too cold for storing red or white wine - even at the minimum setting , the top of the fridge is in the low 50 's , and the bottom is as cold as a refridgerator . Danby was particularly unhelpful in getting it fixed -LRB- probably because it was never made to work to begin with -RRB- .
 I purchased this wine cooler thinking that you should n't have to spend a lot to get a decent wine cooler , after all there is n't a whole lot to it . They all look pretty much the same online , but I would not reccommned this item at all , here is why :1 -RRB- It is cheaply made , it looks nice in the picture but when you get it home the door is cheap plastic . It also vibrates a lot and makes a fair amount of noise .2 -RRB- Mine wo n't stay on . Occassional I wo n't hear it for a while or go to get out a bottle and I 'll notice it is n't on at all . The wine is room temperature . What is the point of a fridge that does n't stay on ? 3 -RRB- The temperature control is almost useless . At the lowest setting -LRB- Read highest temp . -RRB- it is approx . 50 Degrees in the top region and in the 40 's in the bottom region . I might as well stick the wine in my full size fridge with my milk and eggs.The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because it is very affordable . However I wish I had spent twice the money on a quality product . I would not reccommend this item , save your money and buy something better .
 The thermostat on this model is very imprecise . Even if you get the temperature where you 'd like it -LRB- good luck with that -RRB- , it 's only temporary - it will eventually shift to below 50 or above 60 . I should have done some research before buying this junky thing .
 The thermostat makes no sense . I store mostly reds and I can not get the temperature above 45 degrees even when I put my thermometer on the top shelf . I have it on the lowest setting possible and it still freezes out my reds . If you are storing all whites then maybe this would be a decent fridge , but if you are looking for a fridge that can keep a temp between 55-60 then this is definitely not the fridge for you .
 ... and I am a red wine person -LRB- got this as a gift -RRB- . As with other reviewers , I have tried a lot of different thermostat positions and have concluded that the thermostat is there only as an ornament -- there is no effect on the temperature whatever the position . The temp on the top rack , where the manual recommends storing the reds , is 48 degrees , and the manual recommends 55-57 degrees for reds . So it is using more energy than it should to cool the wine more than it should .
 First of all , it can not hold 35 750 mL bottles . Second , the thermostat does n't work . I could n't get it above 50 degrees . I even had someone come and fix it , he did nothing . I suppose it could keep whites at a good temp . And it 's loud .
 2 years after buying this worthless machine , it broke . Warranty ? 18 month . I brought the unit to a repair shop and a minor problem was diagnosed . I ordered the parts myself . I was told that the parts were not in stock , so it would take 2 weeks for me to get the parts . 6 weeks later and still no parts , so I call them again . No , those parts are back ordered , they will check to see when they will be available and call me tomorrow . Well . guess what ? They do n't bother to call , so 2 weeks later , I call again . This time , they ca n't find the order . I ask to speak to a manager , hold for over 10 minutes , and finally get her VOICE MAIL ! I leave a message and some time later I get a voice mail that says the part may be in in December , to check with them then.UNBELIEVABLE
 The design of this frame is beautiful . Simple , classic and elegant . Unfortunately the two I ordered were not in pristine condition . The glass contained slight imperfections that were impossible to remove . The frames bore smudges and small scratches . Lastly the inside of the frame is larger than 5 x 7 and lacks any kind of inner guides for placing the photo , so you just have to eyeball it and hope it does n't shift while you slide all the pieces and backing into place . I was wearing cotton gloves to protect the very expensive photo prints that I was putting into these frames , so I 'm confident that the frames shipped with all those scratches and smudges . I really expected a much nicer finished product from Reed & Barton . And since when is Reed & Barton made in China ?
 This item arrived promptly and in good condition . My teenage son assembled it in a couple of hours before I arrived home from work , so I gather that it went together easily enough . The cart , being real wood , looks quite nice , but the legs , top , etc. are pieced together from multiple pieces of wood , which raises some questions in my mind about strength and long-term durability . If only it had lasted that long ... After using the unit for less than a week , one of the casters disintegrated without warning -LRB- massive structural failure of the plastic housing -RRB- as I was pointing the cart in a different direction . We had a 27 '' CRT-based TV plus a DVD and VCR on the cart at the time , and luckily none of them fell off as the cart tipped sharply when the caster collapsed . Altogether it was about 100 lbs . of gear , but the cart is large enough that it should be designed to accommodate a significantly larger TV than the one we had on it.Comparing the casters on this cart with those on a smaller TV cart that we were replacing , I discovered that these were smaller and of lighter construction -- clearly undersized for this cart , which is a design flaw rather than a manufacturing problem . I drilled out the holes in the legs to accommodate the larger casters from the old cart -LRB- which we had used for a couple of years with the same TV/VCR/DVD setup -RRB- , so I 'm hopeful that if the legs themselves do n't give way , we 'll be able to get some use out of this unit after all.To summarize , I would recommend this unit only for light duty use with small TV 's .
 Bought this brand new , and used it twice . Why twice ? Because after cleaning part of my living room , the spray decided not to come out . I re-installed everything , and took it apart , and checked everything , but nothing came out when turned on , and the trigger depressed . I waited an hour , and it decided to spray again , only this time there was no suction.This thing is a piece of crap.I suggest avoiding this product .
 I 've had many `` low-end '' steam cleaners-meaning under $ 150 . This is the worst by far . It shoots the water out , but does n't suck it back up . Also , the design of the hose attachment is not good . It 's clumsy and in the way to have it stored on the cleaner as it is designed to do so . I would recommend either going with a bissell or spending more money .
 I had purchased a Dirt Devil carpet cleaner some years back and it was put together well and did a good job cleaning as well as removing water . This model is definitely not worth the money even if it is cheaper than other carpet cleaners . It is flimsy , difficult to use and left half the water in the carpet -LRB- I measured it -RRB- . I do n't have anything good to say about this product .
 dissapointed in this product . needs more weight in the front to pick up solution from carpet .
 Waste of money . This was made so poorly it ripped while trying to put on bed .
 The picture shown is not the item being sold . The picture is a box of 4 while the item being sold is only 1 .
 It is very very upsetting I ordered 6 Waterpik R7 faucet filtersfrom this company , all the filter I received were in open boxes retapedDo n't order from this company , they will rob your money.Edgar H
 Purchased this filter thinking I was getting a good deal , but I got had . Water trickles out and does not have charcoal . Unless it says Teledyne , I will not be purchasing it .
 My pan finally arrived in November -- it had been on backorder . It was well worth the wait . This is simply the best cookie sheet I 've ever see or used . This may not seem like anything to get excited about , but a good cookie sheet really is a basic necessity for any kitchen and gets used for much more than just cookies . This has a basic , reliable design with a lip all around to keep things from sliding off or dripping off the edges . Most of all , though , it is sturdy . I have a Chicago Metallic cookie sheet that I thought was sturdy , but has warped from high oven temperature . It now has a little dip in the middle . The Licolnware sheet will not warp -- it is perfectly level and solid for even heat distribution . It promises terrific durability.This is a pan that no kitchen should be without .
 Thought I had found a great deal on the highly-rated Lincoln Foodservice half-sheet pans . I put the brakes on and cancelled my order after doing a little research , and finding out that these are the `` Economy '' weight and gauge pans . -LRB- The `` Professional '' designation intially threw me -RRB- . THESE ARE NOT THE PANS YOU SEE ALL THE TIME ON TV.You need to get the 13-gauge Lincoln Foodservice pans , which are twice this price , plus shipping from a third-party merchant . I wish Amazon would carry these in stock instead of through a third-party vendor , so I could order two and get free shipping . I do own the 13-gauge pans , and they are quite nice - heavy and sturdy .
 This is not Cook Illustrated 's highly recommended pan . Not the description states 19 gauge aluminum , which is much thinner than the recommended 13 gauge aluminum pan . The best place to get these pans , according to the Amazon customer discussion on this topic , is from www.wasserstrom.com -LRB- $ 10.50 -RRB- . Based on Lincoln 's website , the item number for the 13 gauge half size pan is 5314 -LRB- http://www.lincolnsmallwares.com/Prod_Detail2.cfm?id=74 -RRB- .
 I bought this pan because it got an excellent review from Cook 's Illustrated . But since the review , the company stopped carrying the professional model , so rather than tell Amazon they do n't carry it , the company switched to an economy pan that they had instock . That was the pan they shipped . I am still looking for the pan that got the great review .
 Probably most of the people looking at this came here from Cook 's Illustrated magazine , or from one of their books . This is n't the pan they recommended . This is in fact a cheap , uninspired sheet pan.What you want is the 12-13 gauge sheet pan -LRB- metal gauges are thicker the smaller the number is , 18 gauge is thin -RRB- . Lincoln Foodservice # 5303 for the half sheet , or # 5315 for the whole sheet . It 's stamped on the bottom , make sure you do n't get something different .
 OK , the Danby Ice N Easy makes ice as quickly as it advertises and you do n't need a drain . However there are several things that you might want to know before buying one of these babies ... 1 . The ice tastes like plastic - I tried vinegar , baking soda and flushing the icemaker with gallons of water , but no joy .2 . The ice melts very quickly - it 's not hard ice like you get from an icemaker that lives in your freezer . This has a nasty problem of then making your drink taste like plastic as well .3 . It frequently runs into problems like ice cubes getting lodged in places they should n't be , which automatically shut off the system until you attend to it - which means , it stops making ice .4 . When the bin gets full , the unit stops making ice . OK , this makes sense . However , there is no freezer unit in the icemaker , so the ice melts . If you do n't need ice for several hours , then all you will have is a melted ice blob because the unit does n't seem to sense when the ice has melted enough to start making more.So , unless you enjoy watered down plastic tasting drinks as well as attending to the icemaker on an hourly basis to make sure that everything is still working , I would recommend against this machine and others like it . You just ca n't get good ice without a freezer component . Maybe this thing is good for boaters that just do n't have any other options , but for the home I really would n't put up with it .
 I bought this unit in January 2009 and within a few months the arm that lifts the icecubes into the basket snapped and broke . Shortly thereafter , the plastic portion holding the handle in the basket broke as well . Now , the only way I can get ice cubes out of it is to manually push them down from the prongs and use a utensil to reach in for the ice . Stuff breaks , I get it . When under warranty , I expect the manufacturer to step up to the plate and fix it.Danby has proven inaccessible and customer unfriendly . I 've tried since Oct 2009 to get the replacement parts , only to get a runaround between Danby and its local repair shop that is over 30 miles away . No callbacks from repair shop despite many tries . Unfortunately , I think this unit is going to the recycler.If you 're buying it , expect to keep it for a short term and hope you do n't need support .
 Today I will be returning the second portable ice maker . The first one lasted about three months . The replacement did not work at all .
 the machine worked well for about a mounth and than the rake that puts the ice in the bin broke . they sent a new rake , then the pins broke this was about a mouth or2 later i had to gess how to put that on tray and all in . year later it will not make ice . when it worked it was nice made ice about every 7 to8 min nice while it worked at this point ill buy another kind of machine never a danby dim1524w again do not buy it you money will be gone and no ice in you bin!@#$%^&
 Wife purchased one of these recently and I am not thrilled with it . It does make ice and I like the shape and sizes but the ice is soft and does n't hold up very well in a less than very cold drink . My main complaint is that the ice begins to melt as soon as it drops from the freezing posts and makes for rather wet ice . Not too much of a problem if you use the ice as soon as it is made but if you transfer the ice to your freezer , as I do , you end up with a frozen mass of ice that is made of individual `` cubes '' frozen together into a useless chunk .
 Got this Danby IceN-Easy in 7/08 , used it one week in 08 , one week in 09 , and two hours last night . Now it just clicks once and does nothing . unplug , reset , and try again , same thing , its terminal . I guess it did work good for two weeks total . Not a good price per cube result . saved maybe $ 25 in buying ice . I 'm off to find a different brand at a different store than the big wally .
 The icemaker shipped quickly . That 's the positive . After following the setup instructions it keeps blinking an error code . Was told to take it to a local repair shop . Very disappointed .
 My office purchsed this ice maker and it breaks constantly . Once you can find a company to work on it - not an easy task - the parts always have to be ordered and take three to four MONTHS to arrive . Really . It is the biggest waste of money ever . Sure , when it does work , it makes ice quickly but it is loud and clatters and is not worth the money or the aggravation ! Ours has spent more time at the repair shop than making ice . Do n't waste your time or money !
 The description states that it is portable ... false . It does not fit on my counter ... which I thought it would . There were no dimensions given . I had to put it in my garage ... It weighs almost 60lbs and was very heavy to transport.I had to take buckets of water from the kitchen faucet to the garage in order to fill it.It does n't keep the cubes frozen so therefore I had to remove the cubes in containers and put them in my freezer.I have had my Danby Ice Maker for over one year and have used it twice -LRB- when I first got it -RRB- . I tried to return it to no avail . I guess I 'm stuck with a useless decoration in my garage .
 Our 5 person office bought this ice maker for our lunch room . Loved it for 3 months and then it crapped out . We had bought the 3 year warranty and called Danby , they said to call their local appliance dealer who prompty came and said he needed a part from Danby . Almost a year has gone by and no part -LRB- or ice -RRB- . I think these small units just do n't have enough life in them to justify the price . Better to get a small fridge with a freezer/auto icemaker if you 've got the room , unfortunately we do n't .
 Purchased this at Home Depot . After the first year of use in my basement , the unit started icing up . After an hour the evaperator will be covered in ice . I then took the unit to the authorized Maytag repair center here in Dartmouth MA . The technician stated that the unit was fine and did not ice up for them . I then brought the unit home , ran it for a day and brought it back , -LRB- very heavy with ice -RRB- , fully iced over . They then ran it the next day and stated that it will not ice up for them . I called Maytag but they were of no help . Repair center does not want it back since they can not figure out the problem and hint that it may be normal . According to my manual , this model will sense icing and disable the compressor and default to high blower speed to clear the ice . I guess thats what does not work on mine and I guess it can not be repaired . So much for the 5 year warranty .
 I was very disappointed with this tray . I sent it back . the engraving is not refined at all , the borders are not elegant . Even the silverplating is not nice . My husband even thought it was just metal .
 This clock works okay , but it 's much too complicated . It reuses the same buttons for several things . I threw it away and bought one at the drug store that was much easier to use and cost less .
 This clock would not stay on the entered time zone.I repeatedly followed the directions and every two weeksthe time would again be 2 hours off .
 I bought this last week . The clock keeps losing an hour between the time I go to bed and the time I wake up . You would think that the most important aspect of quality control for an alarm clock is to keep good time ... If you have to be somewhere important in the morning and ca n't afford a one hour margin of error , get another alarm clock .
 I should have paid more attention to the other reviews before buying this clock . Please do n't make the same mistake I did . First , there is NO manual clock setting on this clock . Yes , you can adjust the time yourself , but the atomic clock will override your setting in the middle of the night . There is nothing you can do to shut the atomic setting off . Second , an accurate atomic setting would be fine if it actually kept time and was accurate , but it is not . After my clock set itself to Eastern time one night , the next night it jumped ahead 8 full hours . It made no sense to me because it was still set for Eastern time . I tried resetting it multiple times , but the same thing kept happening . Third -LRB- like you really need a third for a clock that does n't work -RRB- , it only has the Continental United States time zones . So even if the clock kept accurate time in the States , you would n't be able to use it elsewhere . I moved to the Canadian border of Maine where the time zone is Atlantic and that made the clock go even more haywire . Please save your money . I hate that I wasted mine .
 I would be perfectly happy if my alarm clock looked like the picture on Amazon . However , it is totally different.You can only get a clear view of the digits from one narrow direction , which is ~ 60-70 degrees incidence from above the display.From other directions you literally can not see anything.I am not exaggerating , if you look directly at the display you will not see anything on the screen.The backlight provided to help you see it at night is no good at providing contrast.I had to shine light on the display and bring it close to my face in order to set Pacific Standard Time , because its implemented as a minimap of USA , and the absence of display contrast totally ruins this feature.Do not look at the amazing photo here on Amazon , in reality the clock looks nothing like the photo.Do not buy , you will be disappointed .
 It did not set itself to any atomic clock in US or in Italy . It would n't keep time and it was hard to manually set it . It seemed like a great idea , but it was back to the cheap little manual alarm clock with the battery for my trip ; I was glad I did n't throw the manual one out . I left the atomic travel clockack in italy rather than waste space on carrying it back .
 I loved the `` atomic '' aspect of this clock in addition to the travel amenities . But the first time I used it , I swear it was impossible to see the display once it was dark , even with the display `` lighted . '' There was one exception to this -- if I tilted the clock until it was almost closed . If it was at that angle , I could finally read the display . I 'm surprised this little thing made it out of their testing facilities with this display problem . I have perfect vision and still could n't see it for the life of me . Now , I 'm in search of a different product once again . My advice is to not waste your time here , as nice as it sounds .
 I had no idea when I bought this pan that it was flaccid . What a dumb product . Unless you are a backpacker and want a pan you can roll up and carry in your pack . Very hard to use . It just collapses when you fill it . Yuck . The color is nice though .
 How can I be expected to buy this item if it is insufficiently described ? My wife has a very old 6x9 3-ring recipe binder that broke . She has pages full of recipes she wants to transfer to a new binder and wants to be able to add new recipes to it . But without telling me the size of the binder or the size of the additional available pages I can not tell if it suits our needs.Very poorly/incompletely written .
 The first one we ordered gained between 30 to 45 minutes a day -- we returned it and have a replacement that runs about 20 minutes ahead each day -- we 're about to give up and send that one back , too ... It 's a great looking clock for our needs -- large numbers , small enough not to clog the bedside table ... but it simply ca n't keep accurate time .
 I brought this clock considering the lengendary sony trademark . But it turned out to be a complete disappointment . Its gaining hours and I am about to return in today . Well , the display is not so bright . If you are looking for a good bedside alarm clock with radio , please do n't go for this one .
 The clock worked the first month , then it began to lose segments of each digit -LRB- display -RRB- . Now , I ca n't return an item that has less than 60 days of use and is totally useless as a clock .
 Attractive looking clock radio worth only the $ 18 + that was its cost . Alarm instructions are difficult to follow and the control `` buttons '' not easy to move .
 I liked everything about this clock except that it makes a buzzing sound when it 's OFF . I think it 's the internal transformer . When you squeeze the clock it stops for a few minutes . It 's very annoying . At first I thought the radio would n't turn off or something . Sorry this cancels out anything good I 'd have to say about it . What good is a clock that keeps you AWAKE ?
 I am not that happy with this clock radio and it has a whine on the station I listen to the most . The place I ordered it from was not that cooperative in helping me . Sony -LRB- the maker -RRB- will only take back product one bought from them so I have kept it .
 the clock had a slight buzz and I returned it ; I do not know if they all have this or it was not working properly
 This product did n't work in any of the outlets in my house . I 've read another review of the happening , and my advice is to find something else .
 When adjusted for maximum brightness , the time display on this unit is so dim it is difficult to read from across the room unless it 's night and all the lights are out . It 's truly a dream machine . You ca n't see it if you 're awake .
 The display is way too dark and almost impossible to read accurately during the day time .
 I have had this clock for 1 year and it has stopped working . All the lights work , it tells the time and the radio works . You can set a wake-up time , but the alarm will not trigger in radio mode or buzzer mode . I believe the lower slider switch is bad . The switch became difficult to use a couple of months back and was always kind of a pain to use even when new . I liked the large display on this clock , but the alarm reset button was not easy to find . I thought of gluing something to the reset button to make it easier to find , but I never did . I have just ordered a new Seiko clock that is a much simpler design . The new one is cordless , no radio , no volume , and a simple switch to turn on the alarm . I was always accidentally changing the volume on this Sony , or tuning to a frequency that had no signal , or changing the dimmer . Anything can happen when you are trying to find that reset button ! Those issues will not happen with the Seiko .
 Great screen , but absolutely ludicrous radio selection and reception . Also , the controls for setting the alarm and time are a lot less than intuitive . Well , maybe when I finish my nuclear science degree ...
 Finally I have found a digital clock that has a full range of variable brightness levels . A dial allows you to change continuously from bright to invisible . MUCH better than the typical High/Low switch . But , the level we find comfortable at night makes the clock virtually unreadable during the day , unless you want to fiddle with the control every day . Have not tried other features , but it seems to have all the goodies you would want .
 The one we got is junk . Even with the brightness turned all the way up you can only just barely see the numbers for the time . I wonder if we got a used one that had been returned before .
 I bought this clock in October but did not use it till December as it was a christmas present . The clock goes fast at least 20 minutes a day , so obviously is no use at all . The problem is I live down in Colombia , S. america and have stuff shipped down to me from my Miami adress from `` mail boxes etc. '' so to send it back is not an option because it would cost more than the bloody clock cost in the first place . Needless to say I am VERY dissapointed .
 I ordered this item because I liked the way it looked and for all its features . When it arrived , I plugged it in , and then went out for lunch . When I came back , it was already ten minutes slow . I reset the clock , but it continued to lose about ten minutes every hour . It may simply have been this particular unit , but I was very disappointed . I am sending it back and hope to get a replacement with an accurate clock .
 I bought this 2 weeks ago . Now the time lags behind -LRB- i.e clock is 10 seconds slower every minute . -RRB- Got it from US to India , not sure if anybody can service this.Atleast for me this was a huge disappointment since I believed in the name `` Sony ' . Also I can not return it at the moment .
 I am not happy with this clock . I have sent the -LRB- 2 -RRB- clocks back once because it kept time 2 hours fast and I was not able to set the clock due to the keys not working in reverse . I just received the second round of -LRB- 2 -RRB- clocks from SONY and have the same problem . Per SONY they are sending me -LRB- 2 -RRB- new clocks again . I like the design of the SONY clock very much . I just wish the clocks worked correctly . If the THIRD round does not work I want my money refunded to my credit card . I had to pay for return shipping once , the third round is on SONY . I have never experienced this with SONY or any other company . I do hope the third round of clocks work . Stay tuned ...
 I bought three of these . After a couple of years , the adjustable brightness dimmer -LRB- the main reason I selected this model -RRB- just quit working on two of the three ... leaving the display at full brightness only .
 Although the large , adjustable-brightness display and adjustable volume is great to have , the functions are pointless since the clock does not keep the correct time . It 's not bad , but every few days I have to reset the clock .
 The clock itself looks good but immediately after setting the time the unit starts to drop time . It dropped fifteen -LRB- 15 -RRB- minutes in one hour The radio is also analog -LRB- not digital -RRB- as one would expect in this day and age . They did n't bother to mention that in the description . Overall this is a poor product .
 Sony 's green LED display is too dim for a sunlit room . I returned this clock and replaced it with theEmerson Radio CKS2235SB Jumbo Display Dual Alarm Clock Radio with SmartSet Technology . The Emerson has a red LED display which is visible from across the room any time of day .
 Something about the construction of this clock causes vibrations which produces a faint buzzing or rattling sound . Pressing on the clock stops the sound until I release pressure . As far as I can tell , the sound is from the battery cover rattling , but something else internal is causing the vibrations . The rattle is not loud , but it keeps me up at times . Besides this , parts of the display seem to be going out and it does n't keep good time.I am very disappointed . I ca n't seem to find a quality alarm clock with the basic features . I do n't need/want a radio , or a self setting time -LRB- which typically gets time changes incorrect -RRB- , or a CD player , or laser displays ... I just need a simple plug in alarm clock with battery backup that does n't buzz or die within a couple months ... anyone listening ?
 This would be a good versatile clock radio if it had an accurate clock . Amazon exchanged the first unit they sent me because the clock was 6 min fast in one month . The second unit they sent me was only 4 min fast after one month , but still totally unacceptable . Amazon does not want to exchange this second unit because it is over 30 days after purchase . Sony has a similar policy . The moral of the story
 I do n't usually write reviews , but I am doubly annoyed at this product because we bought two at the same time only to have them gradually fall apart . OK , it became part of our routine to set the clock back a few minutes everyday to compensate for it speeding ahead . But then it developed an annoying habit of issuing a short burst of the alarm at odd hours of the night . Both clocks are now in the trash ... . what a waste of money .
 A recently purchased Sony ICF-C492 is an eye-catching , highly visible at extreme light range ; invisible at lowest range , clock radio . I 've nick-named the clock ` The Slow Sony ' because it does not keep time accurately , losing about five minutes in every twenty-four hour cycle . The radio play , but the tone is ` tinny . ' Not recommended for people who need to get up on time or like to hear music with some fidelity .
 I 'm very disappointed with this clock . It does not keep correct time . From the very first day it lost at least 1 minute per day . By the end of the week it is 7-8 minutes slow . What good is a clock that ca n't keep correct time ? This purchase was a complete waste of money !
 Usually , I 'm a big fan of Sony products but this time , if you are thinking to buy this , I suggest you to consider this first : Do you want a clock-radio which forwards itselft 10 minutes every day?Do you want a clock-radio with a big-almost-unreadable display?Do you want a bad designed interface ? Do you want a bad sounding radio ? Do you want see how some segments bright more than others so you ca n't read the time?Be my guest ... buy this clock-radio .
 Expect the best from Sony products but did not get it this time around . The large numbers are great , the clock is easy to read , but the radio reception is quite poor and has tons of background hum . Disappointing .
 I 've been a long time Sony customer . I have n't written one bad review for their products until today . I bought a digital clock so you do n't hear the ticking of an analog clock . This clock makes a very faint buzzing noise . When you press on the display the buzz stops . I 'm not sure if it is an intermittent connection or a faulty component . Oh well , it only cost me $ 10 . The search continues for a better one ...
 I bought two of these for each of our nightstands and they worked great for 4 months . Suddenly they began to gain time . We 're over the 30 day Amazon return policy now . We contacted Sony and they 'll return it to see if they can repair it . Reading a few of these Amazon reviews I see a few people have had the gaining of time problem . Sony told us to unplug the units for 30 minutes and that would `` reboot '' them . Did n't work . We 're disappointed to say the least and not sure if we 'll return to Amazon or Sony at this point . Were it not for this problem I would 've rated this a 5 for it 's other features .
 Everything works fine except for a top sliding bar that is used to switch from alarm set/clock set/time mode . Seems like it might break too soon . I 'm back to using my cheap $ 5 clock I bought a couple years back .
 Good alarm clock . Bad radio -LRB- bad reception -RRB- . In the age of the digital , regular radio seems bad antique .
 As indicated inside the ` title ' box , the unit was inoperative and returned . Oral
 Why , in this day and age , would Sony create a device like that that clocks from the AC phase ? I wanted a simple clock with bright display and battery backup . I 'm using it in Japan with 50Hz mains , and of course the darn thing is losing huge amounts of time . I expect the clock from mains phase is why it is keeping such bad time for other reviewers too.I do not recommend this product .
 This is one of worst item I ever purchased . Do n't waste your money . The number displayed in not bright at all even in a low light room . This has to be the worst item on the internet . Do n't buy . Do n't buy . Do n't buy ...
 I was very disappointed with this alarm watch , it 's really complicate to use and too big for your night stand table
 It was not near bright enough to see in the dark , or even in a lighted room . Sonja Mpls , Mn
 Sony ICF-C492 Large Display AM/FM Clock RadioThe item ordered was lost by UPS and never delivered . The company ordered from has not responded to my inquiry about tracking the lost item . I have no reveiw of the radio as I never received it !
 This is a dual mode alarm clock it is not a true dual alarm alarm clock .
 I was really like the design of this clock , but there 's a big issue with the time and LCD screen , sometime in the day the number on the display LCD will going crazy , that is when the time boost up and go fast , I have to adjust the clock every single day , finally it 's now somewhere in the garbage recycle field . If only the rating system allow to have negative star . . I will give it full NEGATIVE
 Sony used to stand for quality and innovation . I have bought a LOT of Sony products over the years . Back in the day it was the name you looked for . If you did n't buy Sony you settling for less.But no more.Here is an attractive and well featured clock radio that after using for a year and a half can no longer keep time . Yes , that 's right . IT CA N'T KEEP TIME !!!! For goodness sake its the 21st century ! People in my family have clock radios from the 80 's and they still work fine!This one runs fast - it gains somewhere between 15-30 minutes per day . How is this possible ? Working clocks were perfected decades ago!This is not the first Sony product to disappoint over the last few years . People , save yourself some aggravation . When you see the name Sony , run . RUN . They are using the absolute cheapest parts possible and cutting every corner possible , knowing that people will buy the product anyways because they see the 4 magic letters that used to mean quality .
 When it comes to consumer electronics , I expect a certain amount of embellishment in the product portrayal , but with the ICF-C773 , Sony has come precariously close to the realm of blatant false advertising . From the misleading description to the blatantly false picture , nothing about this clock delivers what it promises.Based on the description , I * thought * that the clock would gradually ease me out of sleep , with a warm soothing light and soft music . The Amazon product description talks about a `` calming effect '' and adjustable illumination . Sounds nice , does n't it ? Instead , when this thing goes off it is like the apocalypse has finally arrived . The harsh , alien , LED lights will blink on and off , and if you combine that with the godawful alarm tones , you will find yourself leaping out of bed and looking for a weapon of some sort . Infuriatingly , you have NO control over this blinking feature , other than to turn off the light completely.Right now , I bet you are thinking to yourself
 First of all ... getting alarm clock , with really `` original design '' is n't easy . I 've spent many hours looking through many websites looking for a decent one - finally finding Sony ICF-C773 . I think I was expecting too much from it . After opening the box , I was very dissapointed with its look . The picture shown on Amazon website is misleading ! Sides of this clock are purely white , and `` glow effect '' is ... well ... horrible . This watch I think was designed ONLY for bedroom clock/radio AND it looks decent only when the light in the room is off - otherwise , better do n't look at it . -LRB- - -RRB- Digits are small ... very small ... you need to be very close to see them . -LRB- - -RRB- Buttons are ALL OVER this clock , at the back . Unless you remember -LRB- ! -RRB- all of them , you have to actually rotate the clock to see which button is where . Setting up the alarm is really a pain in the ... -LRB- + -RRB- The only plus I found is sound quality , which is nice . High and mid tones are very clear for such small box . I was suprised honestly , but well ... it was n't for free . -LRB- - -RRB- Clock comes with 5 alarm melodies , and ALL of them are horrible -LRB- 90 's ? -RRB- . My cell phone has MUCH better sounds than this clock . AND WHAT 'S WORSE , THERE IS NO WAY TO SET UP THE VOLUME OF THE BUZZER !! At least there was option to set-up alarm to radio ... -LRB- + -RRB- Good radio reception . But that was n't the reason to buy it.Overall ... do n't buy it ! It 's way to expensive for what you get !! After fighting with it , I returned this clock , and decided to spent money elsewhere ... I recommend that you will do the same .
 The clock , radio , and light functions spontaneously ceased working 3 months after I started using this clock radio ; as far as I know , nothing happened to the clock radio to cause it to break.When it still worked , it was confusing to program , and required one to reprogram all stations , clock , and alarm times any time the clock was unplugged or the power went out , as there is no battery back-up . The light alarm is a bit annoying , as it flashes on and off , rather than coming on steadily . By itself , the light is too dim to use to read.Amazon will not take defective product returns after 30 days , so if you purchase a clock radio that breaks after a month , you will have to ship it at your own expense to Sony , and they 'll replace it with the same lousy clock radio -LRB- `` refurbished '' -RRB- .
 The clock was in use for 33 days and then it died . The display output dimmed and the radio and light functions all stopped working.I have a Sony clock radio from the 70 's that still works . I 'm sorry to see the quality tail off like this .
 Okay ... this model gets ONLY a 2 from me and here is why : Yes , I agree the publicity photos are misleading . This is NOT some ` space-age ' design with fancy or soothing lights and melodic ring-tones . It is just a stubby round-shaped clock radio ... nothing more . It tunes in stations fairly-well , which is why I gave it a second Star.But I would take all those cosmetic limitations if ONLY the unit had two of the most basic and important features found in virtually every traditional clock radio on the market today :1 . BACKUP BATTERY . Where is it ? WHY is n't it there . Come on , Sony ... every 2-bit clock-radio protects all those settings and saves the time durning a power outage or unplugging . How in the HELL can you put out such a product without this feature ?? And you call yourself SONY ? Abysmal .2 . AUTO-TIME Adjust . Again , another shocker . You actually have no option except to manually -LRB- spit -RRB- sit there and press , press , press those buttons for time and alarm . I could n't believe it when I read the paper booklet from edge to edge . Again , something most all clock-radios had this for years now . * knock-knock * `` Hello ? Soooooonyyyy McFly ... anyone home ? `` If these things are not important to you ... hey , go to town with this radio and be happy . The ONLY place my Sony radio is going is back for a refund ... based SOLEY on the two complaints above.Sorry , Sony , but in this case ... it is balony .
 I ordered this through Amazon , paying extra for fast delivery because I needed it for a party . The package arrived today -LRB- said it was sent from `` Shoppersoutietz '' -RRB- ; opened it up and found an ugly plastic chafing dish that I now have to spend time returning , etc.BEWARE , especially if you are short of time .
 The silver chafing dish arrived on time , but in unpacking it there was no `` ovenproof liner '' -LRB- as described -RRB- included . This caused a frantic search for a pyrex bowl that would fit as the occasion was the next day . Could not find one that was ovenproof but did use a make-shift version .
 Ordered this as I already own the original first medium sharpening steel first introduced from the same maker . I love the finer one that I had previously and thought this coarse diamond steel would help with the more difficult dull problem knives . I was disappointed . I do n't think it does a very good job . It is inexpensive , relatively , so it seemed a good deal . You get what you pay for . It was hard to use compared to the finer model , which I love , and have had no problems with . I have been sharpening my own kitchen knives for forty years and I think I know what I 'm doing , but I could not get a really good edge with this even in combination with the finer model . I 'll stick with my traditional old fashioned steel and the finer diamond model for the finishing . Those two work great .
 the picture shows a circular sharpener which is why i purchased it ... . it is not circular its one of those flattened ovals which i do not like ... . also there is not much diamond dust on the blades ... . the price is definatley not worth it , , , i delibrately passed on several oval sharpeners and bought this because it was not stated as oval and the picture shows it as round ... update ... . i decided to look at the product and try it rather than send it back ... . glad i did the plastic tip is cracked and broken and been glued back together and then glued to to end of the product ... it was probably dropped on the end , also it seems to be used which accounts for not being as course as ` I ' think it should be ...
 I was not aware when I bought this product that part of the proceeds go to causes to which I do not subscribe . Amazon suggests under their `` What makes a good review ? '' section that we ask ourselves , `` What would you have wanted to know before you purchased the product ? '' I 'd have wanted to know where some of the profits go . The product is truly lovely , but my conscience would n't leave me alone when the insert in the box told me where some of my money went , so I sent it back with a short explanation and got a prompt refund . This may not bother other people . It did me . You might want to check out the disposition of profits before you buy , but the product itself is truly lovely and functional . If I can find a similar shape and size , I 'll buy it from another vendor .
 There is nothing in a kitchen more dangerous than a dull knife . I cooked for a living when I was younger and appreciate the need for a well maintained tool . I 've had Henckels knives for over 20 years , kept them very sharp and rarely had to use a stone to do so - and never a strop . My old steel wore out and I was excited about this one . With it , I have reduced sharp knives to my version of garbage - the steel is simply too coarse . I do n't require a `` polished '' edge but I do require sharp and this steel will not do the job .
 I bought this sharpening steel a few years ago , and it worked great in the beginning . It left the knife edge re-shaped but a little rough , so I used a regular steel to remove the roughness . As time went by , I noticed that the diamond cutting power was reducing and now the middle section of the ultimate edge diamond sharpening steel has little or no diamonds left on it . It will not re-shape a knife edge anymore and barely smooths the edge as well as a good regular steel . I just ordered a new diamond steel from a different manufacturer -LRB- Wusthof -RRB- . Another negative is the fact the knife edge particles that are removed clog the space in between the diamond particles and must be removed on a regular basis . There are some other designs that work better I believe .
 This product wears out fast and then does nothing . Do n't waste your money . Spend a little more money and get one that will last .
 Looks beautiful . Nothing against the poster itself . But for this price it 's insane . Pay an extra twenty bucks and get a real screen . Its only worth it if your going to get a nice frame , and even than , its still only a poster . Kinda like a tshirt tux .
 I should have read the other review more closely . This is a good blanket for HOT summer nights ! I believe it is too light for cold winter nights . I expected more for over $ 50 . If I did n't return it it would have made a nice decorative throw ! The color and texture are nice !
 I purchased this blanket for $ 30 from Amazon after reading the same reviews I see now . The negative comment about it being too light weight sounds fake after I saw the blanket and found that it weighted more than I expected from the review . The real issue is that the quality is very poor . I returned it and got a $ 30 blanket from Target and found the quality much better . Luxuious Egyption cotton -- no way .
 I do n't know what 's the deal with this blanket , after about 2 week 's use , I noticed all these dust/lint balls on the floor , I thought it 's just my dirty hardwood floor , but when I bunch them together , it 's all brown colored , the color of my blanket.Even after 2 washing/drying cycles , lint continues to shed off the blanket.I bought mine at Bed Bath and Beyond in the spring , but they do n't stock it anymore , so ca n't comment there.It 's super light and comfy , mind you ... its perfect for summer or fall winter , for someone who just needs something over their body in order to sleep.But I would never recommend this to anyone , well maybe my mother-in-law , she can have fun sweeping the lint off the floor .
 I heard B&D has sold their kitchen appliance unit and since then the quality has taken a nose dive . I bought this a little over a year ago and right after the warranty expired , the timer dial stopped working . We usually set the dial to `` Always On '' but one day it would n't turn on when we turned the temp dial , we had to use the timer instead . Then 2 days later the timer died as well . In the meantime , we use the toast dial to turn it on for the limited amount of toast time and has no temp control . We do n't have kids in the house and nobody played with those dials other than setting them as needed . I opened up the control panel as much as I could and I found the spindle connecting the dial and the timer has somehow snapped and I ca n't fix it . Do n't buy B&D .
 We bought this toaster oven and in less than a year it began smoking . . i mean really smoking ! We contacted the manufacturer and they sent us the same oven , let 's hope this one does n't do the same thing . They said if it did , they would send us a different model , not a refund ! I would rather a refund because it 's not the best toaster oven overall . It burns rather than toast and even warming up pizza is a challenge , you have to stand there and watch it before it burns your food . Do n't buy this toaster oven , it does n't even deserve ONE star !
 I purchased this toaster oven one week ago from my local Meijer store . We used it several times over the one week we owned it . The toast function worked well . When using the bake function , the oven was way too hot and would burn food . We tried lower temperatures and this did not solve the problem . Today , I put my oven thermometer inside of it and preheated oven to 300 degrees . Within 10 minutes the temperature was nearly 600 degrees -LRB- this explains why oven was burning food ... -RRB- . This oven is a fire hazard . Do not waste your money or time purchasing this product . I returned it today and explained problem to Meijer customer service so they do n't just reshelve and try to sell this oven again . . I also e-mailed black and decker with the details .
 I received this as a gift , and was thrilled to have it . I put my old Sunbeam 2-slice toaster away , and put my new toaster oven to work . That was 3 months ago , and I have now pulled my old toaster out , and use that.I 've had the same problem as some other reviewers - the timer function is very flaky . Sometimes it works , most of the time it does n't . Toasting two slices of bread takes at least 5 minutes - since it does n't toast evenly on the top and bottom I end up flipping the bread over to even out the doneness . I had actually quit using the Toast feature , and just cranked up the Bake feature to 450 and using that to toast . I will be contacting B&D ; to voice my complaints , and hopefully can upgrade to a toaster oven that works , and works well .
 Okay , so I had this oven for a little over 2 years , when it decided to crap out on me yesterday . I thought for the money I spent it would have had a longer life . Oh well ... Overall an okay product , nothing fantastic by all means . Used mine on a daily basis , since my husband loves his sandwiches toasted . The oven feature is okay . Took a little while to reach desired temperature , but at least the house did n't over heat as it would using my regular oven . During the last few weeks of my oven 's short life , it started over cooking things . I would set the temperature at 375 to cook my costco meatballs and within 10 minutes they charred up . Same problem when toasting bread . So , after it 's tragic ending , I drove to our local bed bath & beyond store last night and purchased the Cuisinart TOB 195 oven . Yes , a bit more costly , but I am praying this one would make it past 2 years .
 We 've had this for about 3 months now . The oven functions are great , there is room to heat up or bake smaller items no problem . That being said we use it mostly for its toaster function . It toasts no problem and is roomy to fit several things at a time BUT ... A short while after we got it we started having trouble with the toaster dial function . You turn the dial to the setting you like -LRB- light/medium etc. -RRB- and it ticks down the time and turns the toaster off , dinging when it is done . Pretty standard stuff until the ticking stopped . If this happens and you do n't notice basically the unit stays on toasting until you smell the smoke.There is no shut off on the dial , you should NOT turn it back to off to shut the until off , just open the door - it auto shuts down and let the toast timer keep ticking down.We have gotten around the problem by making sure to listen when setting the toast timer that it is indeed ticking before walking away . If it is not ticking then a very small twist back of the toast dial , just pressure really usually gets it started again.Except for this annoyance , the unit has been fine . And taking it back is n't the answer -LRB- for us anyway -RRB- as it seems to be a flaw.I gave two stars because the unit looks good and functions fine except the toast timer that we must watch - BUT NO I would NOT recommend buying it because of this . ** UPDATE 6/23/08 - Well the toaster dial has quit timing at all now . No matter what we do . So I called Black & Decker Customer service -LRB- actually another company - Fox-International -RRB- . 20 minutes on hold while the recorded voice told me that my time is important and they realize it . grrrr . Finally a person picked up and was very nice . Apologized for the hold , apologized that the toaster was n't working properly and offered to exchange it for me . All I have to do is ... -- cut off a length of the cord with the engraved product number on the plug prong and mail it into them with a copy of my receipt a letter telling about this and oh yeah $ 7.50 . The fact that I would n't have to send the entire product is a bonus but still the mailing cost for the plug is n't going to be just a stamp , plus the time on hold , plus doing without any toaster device -LRB- you can still use it but you must stand and watch manually -RRB- during the turnaround time , plus the writing and packaging - all to replace a $ 39.99 toaster oven ? -LRB- I did n't buy it here -RRB- . At this moment I am leaning toward no on that one . Happy with the agent but not happy with the offer .
 i bought two of the same item
 This item started falling apart as soon as I got it . I tried keeping parts of it for my beads but ended up tossing the whole thing .
 I purchased these plates from a major department store not amazon but thought that I should warn you about my experience . I have only used these plates a few times even though I have had them over a year . I began to notice that they are crazing . I had no idea that new dishes craze . If you dont know crazing is where it looks like the glaze has broken but the dish has not -LRB- creating a spider web look -RRB- . It has something to do with the firing temperature and glaze . They really look horrible . I have many vintage dishes from the 50 's and none of those are crazed . I had no awareness that new dishes craze . What is going on in the firing process that caused these dished to craze . I also noticed that one of the plates is now cracked . I have only broken one plate in my life and that is when I dropped it n a concrete surface from 5 feet above . How on earth this plate become cracked I dont knwow.Steer clear of this items because it will not last . I have Fiestaware and it is great . no crazing and very durable .
 Unpacked the item only to find it had been damaged during shipment . There were giant cracks in the wood making the product unusable . Upon closer inspection the piece seemed to be of very low quality -LRB- even for the low price -RRB- . Joints were uneven , there were scratches everywhere . Even if it had n't been structurally damaged during shipment I would n't have wanted it . Dont let the picture fool you . I should also mention that the thing came in a million little pieces . If I had attempted to put it together it would have taken me forever.The vendor was Target .
 We 've had a screwpull foil cutter for years and the plastic broke finally . I 'd had this one in the drawer but never used is , so I decided to put it into service . After opening less than 5 bottles of wine the metal cutters had completely bent over and the thing was totally worthless.I 'm going to purchase another screwpull cutter as soon as I 'm done with this review . This one is headed directly for the trash !
 Pros : Good looking towel.Cons :1 . Not thick or plush .2 . Not absorbent . It hardly absorbs water.Conclusion : I like the look of the towel , but that 's about it . I 've used it a few times , but have given up on it . Not really worth $ 23 + shiping in my opinion .
 Very cheap . Drawers are too shallow to hold anything more than an inch thick . Table arrived nicked and scratched . I hate it and now have to go through the hassle of returning it , paying shipping and restocking .
 Table looks cheap and much smaller than expected ! It 's not something I would 've purchased if I would have been in local furniture store .
 After reading the reviews on this table , I took a chance hoping I would be one of the lucky ones . When I received it I was disappointed that I was n't . All of the corners were scratched and a chip about one inch long was broken off of one of the corners . One of the underneath corners was cracked all the way through . I did give this a 2 because after taking a permanent marker and filling in the corners and having my husband put in a new piece of wood under the table , the table does look very nice . The cost to ship it back was not worth getting a new one . I will say for the price , this is a nice looking table . You should just be prepared that it may not come in perfect shape .
 This item was a huge disappointment , and I 've never been anything but immensely pleased with my Amazon purchases . The table was obviously battered before it even entered the shipping box , as it arrived not only dented , but gouged and scratched . I 've done what I can with a black Sharpie to color in the paint that was either scraped off , or was never painted on properly in the first place . I specifically chose this table instead of an extremely cheap one so that I 'd have something that did n't look second-hand and shabby . I failed . The only reason I 'm not giving it only 1 star is because the size and design themselves are lovely , so if you can get past how battered this will look when it arrives , it is a somewhat acceptable purchase . I just wish I 'd known what to expect .
 If it was worth the trouble to pack it back up and do the whole ` return ' thing , I would - but as it is , it 's just easier to use it until it falls apart then just throw it away.Cheap MDF/Pressed Wood topPoor quality paintingThe drawers are n't really functionalRequired drilling to get the handles to workSeems to have some shipping damageI do n't recommend it at all , unless you get a better deal than I did -LRB- 189.00 + shipping -RRB- - I think a fair price would be less than $ 100 , if that.You can get the same product quality from a big box cheap store .
 this does not work as advertised . i put my cigarette by the machine and it did n't start sucking in the smoke until it was 5 inches from the back of it ... VERY POOR performance .
 The unit that I received does not have a permanent filer ; they 're definitely of the replaceable variety . I really should have returned the unit when I found this out but I 'm disabled and do n't really have a way to get it shipped back . I guess it works well enough but I did n't want the ongoing expense of replaceable filters . After using it for several weeks on high speed , it 's developed some rather severe rattles to the point that it sounds like it 's about to self-destruct . Not at all happy with this purchase .
 I have noticed a slight difference in the morning when I wake up I do n't cough as much as I used to . However , the purifier has some major downsides . The biggest downside is the fact that it dries out the air . I can tolerate it but everyone else who comes into my living space has a difficult time . It is also very loud almost as loud as an air conditioner . So keep that in mind , I kind of wish I spent more money and went with the more trustworthy brand .
 Seemed to clean the air pretty well and certainly liked the small-footprint tower design . But after a few months it now chatters loudly and is no longer useable . I did n't see anything obvious but sounds like something has broken internally . Guess I can get it fixed under warranty ... if I can find the receipt . Decided to just replace it with a different model . I 've good luck with Honeywell before but would n't recommend this model .
 I intentionally purchased this filter because I do not want to have to buy replacement filters . It comes with 2 filters that are recommended to be replaced every 6 months.Uses 90 + Watts on high , so its like burning 2 regular bulbs non stop in your home.I have a filter already like this one and it works fine , but the item is not as described and for the price I could have bought 3 of the smaller holmes ones to cover more square feet .
 There are three settings for this device . Loud , louder , and loudest . I 'll be returning it and getting something else . Something that is quieter and osculates .
 It is louder than a fan I own . Even on the lowest speed , it is loud . I do n't recommend this product .
 This was my second Honeywell air filter . I returned it days after it came . It discharged a smell of burnt plastic . Kind of odd since its supposed to remove odors . I purchased another at another location , slightly different model and its fine . I clearly had a bad unit .
 I bought this and turned it on . Within a couple of weeks . . less than a month , the red light came on indicating it needed a new filter . I opened it up to find it had 2 filters . The filters are over $ 11 dollars each . If you purchase this , go ahead and order the filters . You will be needing them soon . And I didnt notice that it did much . Very disappointing .
 That 's exactly what it sounds like . Even at its lowest setting it 's loud . I truly regret buying this . Forget about a relaxing night 's sleep with this thing on .
 I just honestly do not think this thing does anything . I bought this for the kitchen to replace the Honeywell HHT-011 -LRB- which worked very well but broke due to a fall -RRB- because we can smell cigarette smoke from first floor tenants coming up from under the kitchen sink cabinet . When I walk into the kitchen the whole room smells like smoke , whereas the previous Honeywell we had when pointed at the cabinet would suck the smell up immediately and we could never smell it . I really wanted this to work , it is attractive and sleek looking as far as air filters go , but I really think after two months of having it that all it does is use electricity , I do n't actually think it works .
 This would have been the perfect air purifier for me , but unfortunately , it 's not the product described . I guess I should 've checked the Honeywell official website , because they have advertised correctly ; HEPA-type filters -LRB- Not true HEPA -RRB- and they will need to be replaced every 3 mo 's . It looks like you ca n't get a true HEPA without having to replace them ; they will have to be ifD . Extremely disappointed .
 As other people have pointed out this product description is WRONG ! The filters that come with the HHT-081 are HRF-C1 x 2 which need to be replaced every 6 months . I 'm going to try this filterhttp : / / www.amazon.com/Honeywell-HFD-120-Q-Purifier-Permanent-Filter/dp/B000ANEPYO/ref=pd_rhf_gw_p_t_2which also claims it has a permanent IFD filter which is explained here -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 I bought this after reading that it has a permanent filter that could be vacuumed and that I would not need to be spending for replacement filters . Under the `` Electronic Filter Check Reminder '' section in the instruction manual , it reads `` You should periodically check the filter . Depending on operating conditions , the filters should be replaced every 6 months . `` The next section is titles `` Replacing the Hepa-Type Filters . '' it gives a link to buy the filters every 6 months at -LSB- ... -RSB- . It also gives a phone number to order replacement filters.The description at Amazon.com seems to be untrue . The instructions state that this air purifier does need regular filter replacing .
 So the title says Tower Air Purifier with Permanent HEPA Filter but when you get it the box says hepa TYPE . I missed this in the description so partially my fault but I think the wording is misleading.This thing SMELLS when you unpack and run it . I have had it running for 24 hours now hoping the stink clears out but so far it still smells . Who wants to buy an air purifier that smells ?
 It says `` Permanent '' filter , right in the description . I opened the box and it says replace filter every six months . What is their interpretation of permanent !! Really angry at this deception . Returning is such a hassle and they know it . I also ordered an LG filter for my fabulous fridge and got an imitation cheapo replacement instead . Must be the way Amazon runs their business . Not very good for a repeat customer base . Think I will shop elsewhere from now on . Bad Business .
 I am disappointed for 3 reasons :1 . The Honeywell HHT-081 is an energy hog . I have a Kill-A-Watt -LRB- tm -RRB- meter that can tell me the wattage and power consumption of anything plugged into it . This air purifier consumes 41 watts on low , 63 watts on medium , and 98 watts on high -LRB- ionizer on or off has no measurable effect on wattage -RRB- . I suppose this means running on high 24/7 will cost about $ 8.50 per month , but compared to other higher quality air purifiers , a low setting of 41 watts and a high setting of nearly 100 watts is quite shameful . For example , the RabbitAir BioGS SPA-421A consumes between 7-33 watts . Honeywell does not make technical specs of their products available , so I can not compare air flow rates between the two ... But , it 's common sense that the HHT-081 probably does not put out 3 times the air of the RabbitAir BioGS SPA-421 , even though it 's consuming 3 times the energy ... 2 . The HHT-081 is a hepa-TYPE filter . hepa-TYPE is not TRUE-hepa . Meaning , it 's not really hepa , but it 's similarly shaped . HEPA-type filters trap only the largest of the range of particles , leaving the smallest ones -LRB- presumably also quite problem-causing -RRB- to flow through freely . If you only want to clean out visible dust , this is n't a problem . But , if you have allergy problems , HEPA-type filters will not solve your problem . I bought this knowing it was n't a true HEPA , for cheap extra low-end dust-filtering to support my higher quality unit ... But , running at 100 watts , I feel like I 'm pouring energy down the drain for third-rate cleaning.You may say , `` but true-HEPA filters are expensive to replace ! '' . It 's true that they are expensive . But any decently designed air purifier that has a true HEPA filter will have a washable pre-filter that catches larger dust particles - leaving the only the smallest particles for the HEPA filter . This way , the HEPA filter is not clogged up with large particles of dust . Such designs allow for filter replacement costs between $ 30 - $ 80 per year - this includes buying both a HEPA filter and an Activated Carbon filter . -LRB- such as the Sharp Plasmacluster or any of the RabbitAir models -RRB- 3 . You have no idea what you 're buying . By that , I mean
 Amazon obviously never even looked at this box before writing the description . They say it captures 99 % of particles and the filter never needs to be replaced and includes a washable pre-filter . Sounds great ! I just received this item today and it says in huge font right on the front of the box `` Captures 95 % of particles '' and `` replace filters -LRB- yes there are 2 -RRB- every 6 months '' and to finish it off it says that the pre-filter is optional and sold separately ... Lol ! And yes I double checked to make sure the model numbers match . So if you still want to give this model a shot keep this updated info in mind .
 This items is listed as havign a permanent filter ! It does n't ! The box and instructions both say the filters -LRB- Yes , there are TWO ! -RRB- need to be replaced every six months ! Also , the heading for this item says it has a HEPA filter ! This is also untrue ! It 's a HEPA-like filter ! I have no idea what HEPA-like means , but obviously it 's a step down from what this listing says it is ! This is the first review I 've ever written for a purchase , which goes to show how unhappy I am with this . My advice ... DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM if you want a permanent filter and HEPA quality !
 After opening the box , I immediately knew that this was n't the item that I bought as advertised online . I wanted a model with a permanent filter , as what was described in the product description , but what I received required 3 additional filters that had to be changed every 6 months . That can get spendy , so I sent it back , which I will say was pretty hassle free .
 I purchased these plates from a major department store not amazon but thought that I should warn you about my experience . I have only used these plates a few times even though I have had them over a year . I began to notice that they are crazing . I had no idea that new dishes craze . If you dont know crazing is where it looks like the glaze has broken but the dish has not -LRB- creating a spider web look -RRB- . It has something to do with the firing temperature and glaze . They really look horrible . I have many vintage dishes from the 50 's and none of those are crazed . I had no awareness that new dishes craze . What is going on in the firing process that caused these dished to craze . I also noticed that one of the plates is now cracked . I have only broken one plate in my life and that is when I dropped it n a concrete surface from 5 feet above . How on earth this plate become cracked I dont knwow.Steer clear of this items because it will not last . I have Fiestaware and it is great . no crazing and very durable .
 Photo on website 1,000 better than the real thing . Although this product looked better than the others I purchased they are still cheap plastic rubbish . I seen better . Not worth the money . Am extremely disappointed with the product , the seller , the seller and the delivery time . I will not be shopping with this supplier again .
 I purchased these plates from a major department store not amazon but thought that I should warn you about my experience . I have only used these plates a few times even though I have had them over a year . I began to notice that they are crazing . I had no idea that new dishes craze . If you dont know crazing is where it looks like the glaze has broken but the dish has not -LRB- creating a spider web look -RRB- . It has something to do with the firing temperature and glaze . They really look horrible . I have many vintage dishes from the 50 's and none of those are crazed . I had no awareness that new dishes craze . What is going on in the firing process that caused these dished to craze . I also noticed that one of the plates is now cracked . I have only broken one plate in my life and that is when I dropped it n a concrete surface from 5 feet above . How on earth this plate become cracked I dont knwow.Steer clear of this items because it will not last . I have Fiestaware and it is great . no crazing and very durable .
 This lovely bed tray is first rate in terms of features , ease of use , and appearance . However , I will not be buying another . After a while , the many dowels began to loosen and fall out , even in groups . A few could be put back in , but most could not without bending , and their brittleness/thinness would not allow that without risk of breakage.Apparently , the dowels had been put in at a point in manufacturing when this was not an issue . Also , the indentations where the dowels were seated were quite shallow and contributed to the loosening.It would have taken quite a bit of time and/or money to rehab this bed tray . The problem dowels would have required soaking in water to make pliable then bending and re-seating using a good quality glue . Also , the finish would have been damaged by the soaking and would have needed refinishing . All in all , tedious jobs for either me or someone I would have to have hired ! I decided it was less expensive to buy a new -- and different -- bed tray . What a disappointment , as I loved how it looked in my room , and I loved to use it -- while it lasted ! As this is a relatively costly bed tray , the -LRB- what turned out to be short term -RRB- investment is not warranted , and sadly , I DO NOT RECOMMEND IT for more than a decorative touch or only occasional use .
 It says this thing iys an outdoor thermometer but you ca n't leave it outdoors ... that is crazy ! I keep the outdoor module in a ziplock . It only works half the time and is inconsistant ! Save your money !
 I purchased this in July of 2009 . It 's now 2 years later and it 's finally time to replace the batteries because the display has gotten overly dim . After replacing the batteries , the digital numbers for the indoor and outdoor temperatures has gone bad . The warranty is good for only 1 year and is limited . So I 'm out of luck . Granted , it was n't an overly expesnive buy , but my next thermometer purchase wo n't be a La Cross . Maybe my expectations are too high for such an inexpensive thermometer . I `` m just expecting the display to last as long as the display on an inexpensive digital watch , which is 10 + years .
 I did what I wanted and worked well from July to October but now the lcd is failing and it wo n't connect to the remote.Yes I did replace the batteries but no difference.So now I look for something that does the same thing but is better built to last at least 2 years.I would have given it 4 stars if it lasted longer than one set of batteries .
 I got this for Christmas in 2010 . I also got an additional sensor . I initially had it set up with only the included sensor , put next to my plants so I could make sure they stayed warm enough , and ran the remote cord through a window to the outside . It never really read right , plus would sit in the sun . So I took the remote cord off and used the additional sensor as the outside one , attached to the side of the house . I do n't see any reason to have the LCD screen for an outdoor one no one will look at.With everything installed correctly , it works great . Outdoor temps are always within 1 or 2 degrees of what Weather Channel says , and indoor temps always match what my thermostat says . I really like the max/min history to see how cold or hot it got while you were out or sleeping.The only problem I have is the battery life of the base station . I 've never gotten more than 4 or so weeks before the base station becomes unreadable . When the batteries are new , the base station LCD is very dark and readable , and as the batteries fade , so does the LCD until it 's totally unreadable . I 'm using fresh , in date name brand batteries so it 's definitely the base station . The outdoor sensor has been outside in freezing temps for almost a year and I have n't had to change the batteries . I tried rechargeable batteries in the base station and the problem was worse.Another real annoyance is when changing the base station batteries , the remote sensor 's batteries need to be removed and then reinstalled . It 's very annoying to have to go outside when it 's raining/cold etc when the batteries in the remote do n't even need changing .
 Use this for checking pool temperature . Not at all accurate . Off by 3 to 4 degrees . Proven with a highly sensitive and accurate photography thermometer .
 The meter ran for about a week with fresh bats and quit . Would like a repacement and might give it 5 stars if it works.JD
 THIS UNIT TENDS TO DROP THE SIGNAL A BIT , AND IT LACK THE HUMIDITY DATA FROM THE WIRELESS MONITER , SO ID RECOMEND LOOKING FOR A MORE RELIABLE UNIT WITH DUAL READINGS , AND IT WILL ONLY COST YOU ANOTHER 5 DOLLARS OR SO , MY LOCAL HYDRO STORE HAD ONE FOR 33.00 I BOUGHT IT AFTER I RECIEVED THESE AND WAS NOT SATISFIED .
 I have had this a week and it is useless . The range was about 25 ' through a wall , and didnt read the outdoor meter . That makes it close to useless.It rained for the first time yesterday , and the outdoor sensor got wet and it is now completely useless.What 's the point of an outdoor sensor that cant take rain ? If I wanted to walk out and look at a thermometer , I would n't need a wireless one.There are a lot of `` should be great '' pool toys/lights/thermometers that are poorly made , this is the next in that list . I have looked at the comparable items , and there are none under $ 200 that will work . I should have regarded more of the negative reviews on this one before buying .
 Rare that I write a review , but this item is junk and the La Crosse is useless . Try to get something fixed within the warrenty period is a hassle , lots of emails just asking questions . Then they want you to pay shipping back on a the junk they put out . Do n't buy this or anything from La Crosse Technology , not worth it in any way .
 I bought one of these units to monitor the temps in my solar greenhouse . Worked great until the batteries in the remote died . I replaced ALL the batteries with brand new Duracell 's but the weather station can not `` find '' or will not communicate with the remote after the battery failure . After dancing around with LaCrosse they refused to do anything other than blame the batteries.I will NEVER purchase another LaCrosse weather station!DO NOT PURCHASE THIS ITEM !!
 Pro
 I have had LaCrosse Weather stations in the past ... this model is junk . the wireless component for reading outside temperature worked for 1 month . the triple A batteries need to be replaced every 2 weeks . The component for inside with the digital readings is not the issue . It is unfortunate that I also purchased one for my mom ... telling her how great they are ... what a waste of money . BIG disappointment .
 The local display unit works great and the temperature seems fairly accurate . The remote sensor , on the other hand , which is hidden in a medium size shrub to keep it out of the sun , reports the temp about 5-8 degrees too high consistently . The remote wired sensor probe , which I am using to monitor pool water temps , is also high by between 7-10 degrees.The number of degrees that the remote sensor and it 's probe are off changes at different times of the day . The water temp in the pool stays roughly constant during the day , but the remote probe is just wrong most of the time . None of this seems related to being outside as it was also off , although not as much , when I was testing inside the house before moving it for use around the pool.I am wishing that I never bought this unit .
 This is a piece of ` merde ' ! Pardon my french . I bought this to check my pool temperature . The first one the probe temperature was off by 5 degrees . I returned and requested another one , same different ! Buy this unit if you want some brain exercises because you always have to do addition or subtraction to get accurate reading .
 It is sad as the outdoors unit is fairly accurate but the probe is almost useless . If there was a linear difference between the probe 's reading and the hot tub thermometer then fine , I could deal with that , ie , add two degrees , etc. but alas , there is n't . For example , when the hot tub is running and showing a temperature of 103 , the probe might be showing 105.3 or 104.6 or 104 or who knows .
 Bought first unit , outdoor Sensor did not scan between channels . Returned it to Amazon for replacement and second unit the outdoor sensor would not give the correct reading . When probe was in freezing cold water gauge says 60 degrees.Returened this unit for credit only!Recommend LaCrosse check these units out . I think they are all defective !
 We received this promptly , and were excited that it would do what we wanted . Put batteries in and it showed a display . A few minutes later it went blank . We have changed the batterries several times , to no avail . We get no read out at all now . It is useless .
 Bought this device primarily for it 's ability to tell me the temperature of my swimming pool . It worked for about two months , then failed completely . Just died . The remote station with the pool sensor stopped sending data both to its own mini-screen , and to the weather station inside my house . Naturally I replaced batteries and replaced them again , to no avail . Two months of use ? Come on . This thing is junk . Spend your money elsewhere .
 As far as I can tell you are unable to set the wall mount to Celsius.And if to set the desktop unit to Celsius then it has to be on a 24 hr clock.Come on ... in this day and age these settings should be simple .
 If this were to work it would be a good deal . Outdoor sensor is in error by at least 8 degrees celcius after a month of ownership . A few weeks later the indoor sensor went , reporting higher by 10 degree celcius.Piece of garbage now .
 I purchased a similar unit , and the remote temperature sensor quit working after about 2 months . Worse , support from La Crosse Technology is MIA . I submitted a form on their web site -- no response . I called their tech support hotline 3 times . No answer . I left 2 voice mails . Nobody has returned my call . That 's inexcusable .
 Have used these before and bought this replacement package . The sensor will not work . Nothing happens at all . It is nearly impossible to find a way to get the company to honor its warranty . After 2 attempts and nearly an hour I realized I was spending more of my time than the unit was worth . Also the unit has more printed info on it than the picture and there is no model number on it . Odd . The receiver does work with the spare sensor that I bought .
 Purchased this unit to keep track of my hot tub temperature . It reads 5 degrees hire then the actual temperature in the hot tub . Plus the inside unit is not accurate , this reads 3-4 degrees lower then the actual temperature . I guess $ 20 selling price should have been the clue !
 I wondered how come the lake temperature in Northern Wisconsin was still shown to be over 50 degf . When I took the sensor in for the winter , I found out . The remote sensor reads 11 degf high . I then went to see if Amazon would honor a return policy ... nope , right to return expired earlier this summer . LaCrosse techs say merely to replace batteries . Already done that , and it still has 11 degf error.This is a great concept for a great price . Let me know if anybody gets one to operate with any degree of accuracy .
 It 's a nice little unit . The range is better than most I 've tried , but not nearly what they claim . Unfortunately , the external probe that plugs into the remote unit does not do anything ; it is ignored . I have already thrown out the packaging ; do n't make my mistake !
 Rough finish quality , they use an extremely soft wood that you can score even with your fingernail . I think after a year of use in the kids ' closets , these would look like trash . Imperfections in wood filled with putty that does n't stain and blend with the wood . Even cross slats are often not parallel with each other ! Side panels are often warped making drawer operation -LRB- if you plan on using drawers -RRB- very difficult.Hardware quality varies from mediocre to abysmal
 I purchased these plates from a major department store not amazon but thought that I should warn you about my experience . I have only used these plates a few times even though I have had them over a year . I began to notice that they are crazing . I had no idea that new dishes craze . If you dont know crazing is where it looks like the glaze has broken but the dish has not -LRB- creating a spider web look -RRB- . It has something to do with the firing temperature and glaze . They really look horrible . I have many vintage dishes from the 50 's and none of those are crazed . I had no awareness that new dishes craze . What is going on in the firing process that caused these dished to craze . I also noticed that one of the plates is now cracked . I have only broken one plate in my life and that is when I dropped it n a concrete surface from 5 feet above . How on earth this plate become cracked I dont knwow.Steer clear of this items because it will not last . I have Fiestaware and it is great . no crazing and very durable .
 This scale is n't worth your money . I purchased it to weigh small amounts of wool -LRB- approximately 1 gram -RRB- . If I weigh a piece of wool five times , it typically gives a different answer two to three of the times . Needless to say , this makes it worthless . I 'll likely throw it away and find something else .
 This little scale seemed to be an awsome deal with the price and all , but after about 4 or 5 times using it , it started to be off by a couple .1 g . This is not what you want in a scale . Accuracy is the key and this scale disappoints in that department .
 This is really not an omelet maker . After you cook the egg , you have to lay the cheese on top . Not impressed , would not have purchsed if I had better insight or information on this product .
 I 'm kind of sorry I spent the extra $ to buy this , since it is very specialized and not that useful . You can do better and faster omelets with your omelet pan .
 I was very disappointed in this grater . The slicing side and the large grating side are the only two sides that are any use .
 Made of a very cheap metal which bent the first time I used it . I thought it would be good but needs to go back .
 I ordered the Lenox Platinum body towels and was very happy with the quality . The towels are soft , thick and absorb water well . On the basis of the quality of the body towels , I ordered the `` matching '' wash cloths and hand towels . Both items are about 1/2 the thickness of the body towels and not as soft . I was expecting these items to be of the same quality as the body towels - particularily considering the price ! I can heartily recommend the body towels , but do not expect the hand towels and wash cloths to be of the same caliber .
 I bought these towels in the hand towel size and the bath towel size -- for me a complete set . -LRB- I do not use washcloths . -RRB- The hand towels -- these items -- came first and I was disappointed by their lack of thickness . They seem to absorb alright but I was expecting -LRB- from other reviews -RRB- plush , thick towels . They are rather thin , certainly not thick . Today the bath towels came and they do seem thicker and more like what I expected . A long time ago , I had some Martex towels that were wonderful . I thought these Lennox towels would be like those Martex , but they are not . By the way , I have tried Martex also and have not been able to get what I had that one time . I am into towels and buy a lot of them but have not been systematic enough , perhaps . My search goes on for the plushest !
 This is a nice clock , and I really like not having to reset the time , but it has a couple of serious drawbacks . The button used to shut off the alarm is also the button used to set the time of the alarm , therefore when I shut off the alarm in the morning I reset the time it will next go off . This is enough reason for me to use this clock only as a reliable timepiece and another as a wake-up system . The other point that bothers me is the projection of the time onto the wall or ceiling . The ceiling is too far away for me to see without my glasses , which I do n't wear to bed . When the wall is used , the number is backward unless the face of the clock is also toward the wall , which makes it inconvenient to see the time on the clock when the lights are on . Aside from these two points , I love this clock .
 The fan is okay , but there is no ionic function on this thing . It is an overpriced fan -LRB- and non-oscillating -RRB- . It comes with this great filter , but the filter will eventually get dirty , and then what ? I 'll have to buy another filter from the same company . We were looking for something that had no filters , and was truly an ionic air cleaner that you simply wipe clean . This purchase was a disappointment .
 I 've had this for about a month . I was first upset because it doesnt run silently with a static grid like I thought ` Ionic ' meant . Alright , no big deal , I usually sleep with a fan on for the white noise anyway.So , right away it tells me my air is clean when it isnt . My room has a lot of dust in the air , and it hurts to breathe when I wake up , and sometimes wakes me when I 'm sleeping because my throat gets so dry . After a month of running it on high when I 'm out and low when I 'm in , my air looks just as dusty and it still hurts to breathe in here.To make matters worse , the seller I got it from only allows returns within a few days of getting it , so I 'm stuck with this thing that only seems to make a lot of noise . Maybe in time I 'll notice a difference , but so far its done nothing as far as I can tell .
 There are three problem of the product . Auto sensor does not work properly and there is no auto turn off function , it ` s like Noise train , Who say it was quiet ? I could n`t sleep because of it ` s noise even whisper -LRB- minimum speed -RRB- mode.Don ` t waste your money and time to return it , and Just one filtered . but that ` s a advantage to save money -LRB- you do n`t need to buy filter again -RRB- . if you want to buy chip air purifier , it ` s one of your solution but if you want real purifier , it ` s not good choice .
 Very disappointed about this purchase through Amazon . I have been a buyer for long time . When I received this Item I was so excited . Opened it up and set it in my daughter 's room . She has dust allergies . Unit is soo loud she was n't able to fall asleep . Ran it for minimum 2 hrs . Decided to return it Contacted seller several times and also filed a claim with amazon but because I opened the box to use it so I cann ' t return it . I will never buy anything from Amazon again because I could have easily bought this item from local store and return it if I was n't happy with my purchase . If you want to return it do n't open the box . That 's what the expectation is .
 no good at all dont you make my mistake am allergic and this product di n't do notting at all for me dont understand why some person do recomend it
 This saucepan arrived warped . I have been using Revere for the last 15 years and love how well the saucepans cooked and now I am very annoyed with this saucepan .
 To be fair , the product does not claim to be an air conditioner . However , it does claim to cool 12 degrees cooler , which I did n't find at all . I live in a dry Colorado climate , and still it is barely cooler than a fan . You have to fill it with tons of ice to even get that , and it requires refilling with water and ice often . If you do n't clean it at least once a week , it starts smelling really bad.All this effort of refilling and cleaning is not worth the 3 to 5 degrees cooler you get . For that , I 'd rather just plug in a fan and not have to worry about it every day . Save your money and buy a portable air conditioner . It 's worth the extra investment , trust me .
 My husband and I currently live in Germany we live on the 3rd floor and Germans dont believe in central a/c . We have been here over 2 years now and during the summer it does n't usually get very hot but this summer it is . I decided to buy this unit hoping it would cool down our apartment better than a few fans ... I was sadly mistaken this unit is hardly cooler than a fan and unless you are sitting directly infront of it you wont feel anything this sad little thing puts out . It says for best results fill 2/3 water 1/3 ice which makes no difference it also has a cooling feture which makes no difference on or off . At night my husband and I sleep with 3 fans plus this thing and only a sheet if that on us and it is still almost to hot to sleep . Other than that this unit is pretty nice its easy to fill light weight looks good has a remote and it arrived in good time but thats not why you buy something like this so the cons out weight the pros . My opinion do n't buy this save your money and buy regular fans or a more expensive one that may actually work or buy one you put in your window DO NOT buy this if you actually want COLD air or something that will cool an area larger than a few feet you will be wasting your money .
 I bought this product to cool the bedroom in my home . I live in Germany and it is usually not very hot , but the last couple of weeks it has been . Well I recieved the cooler in the mail , and read the directions , plugged it in to use it around 1pm . I will be fair this is NOT a Air Conditioner , but by 3pm I had to put more Ice in the unit because it was blowing out only warm air and the water in the unit had warmed to the tempature of the room . By the time I was ready to go to bed -LRB- 11pm -RRB- the room was still as warm as when I had first plugged it in . I ended up unplugging the unit and opening all the windows in my house , and it was much cooler.SPT SF-609 Portable Evaporative Air Cooler with IonizerI am very disatisifed with this product .
 I 've had one of these for over a year . It works pretty well when you first get it -LRB- well , except my first one which was DOA -RRB- but over a few weeks to a month , the nylon cloth inside that 's supposed to wick water down becomes totally unusable and covered in bacteria/mold/salt as your water dries on it . Eventually it becomes so crusty and gross that it 's not cleanable . I tried cleaning it for two heavy duty cycles , by itself , in a brand new washing machine , and it still did n't absorb any water . Since then I 've gotten it to work pretty well using an old cotton t shirt.Still this thing is n't worth the trouble , and it really is more like a super fan instead of a substitute for an A/C . If you point it right at you , then it feels nice , but do n't expect to feel a difference when you walk into the room like you would with a good A/C .
 You would expect that a $ 130 cooler will be better than the $ 60 air cooler . It is not . I am living in a mountain region with zero moisture in atmospheric air . My apartment did n't allow me to fix a window A/C . This is why i chose to buy an affordable cooler and finally , i bought it . With so much expectations i opened and filled it with ice cold water and ice cubes . My initial impression was pretty good as it blown out little cool air -LRB- during Spring season -RRB- and later when the summer started , i had to put nearly 3-4 lbs of ice cubes everyday . I never seen any improvement in moisture nor it reduced significant temp . in my tiny studio apartment . You literally have to keep it right next to you just to feel the very little coolness it gives . Not worth the dollars i spent . This is just another fan i own ...
 Do n't be a sucker like me . We did n't need to use it until yesterday and all it did was increase the humidity in my bedroom . The temp in there was 85 F , while the rest of the house was over 90 . But it felt a lot hotter because in the rest of the house the humidity was a lot lower.Amazon wo n't let me return it , they say the warranty expired a couple of weeks ago . . Only can use it as a fan with ice water to blow a little cooler air while the ice melts.I am disappoined with Amazon , I am a PRIME CUSTOMER but they treat me like dirt .
 Living in a area of low humility this requires too much water . It did not cool a 12x12 room nor would the machine fit into the design of my home
 The product has been fairly dependable . I use it close to my pet beds during the summer to keep them comfortable . The two dongs seemed to be more comfortable than previously . A mild draft of air was emitted by the cooler and it was only mildly cool . It did n't cool the room ; only the space in close proximity to the dogs .
 I bought this bc my room is the hottest in the summer and well ... It was still pretty hot . It was a hassle filling up the tray with ice cubes and it barely blew out cool air for more than an hour . The product is made REALLY cheaply and fell apart easily . I am sad about it and I say go with an air purifier instead .
 Very disappointing . Respite low humidity volume of cool air is inadequate to cool even a small room . Would not buy again .
 You have to fill it up with water and ice and even if you fill it up with a lot of ice it does n't get very cold . Its more of a fan with a humidifier .
 I live in the desert of southern Utah . The climate is dry and is ideal for an evaporative cooler . I bought 4 of these units to place throughout my 2-story condo in order to reduce electrical costs instead of using my air conditioner . They work fine when they work , but 3 of the 4 I purchased have now had their pumps fail . The manufacturer sent me a replacement pump , but I took one look at the tight working space and figured that there is no way in which I could swap it out . My advice to you is DO NOT PURCHASE THIS UNIT because it will die after a few months of use ...
 It is just a fan , not a AC . It does not cooler the room at all . I am very disappointed by it.My advice : DO NOT SPEND OVER 100 DOLLARS ON A STUPID FAN !! BUY A REAL AC !!
 I live in eastern Oregon , a dry climate with the summer temps up in the high 90 's . This cooler should have been perfect for my climate , but all it did was make my home humid and warmer . With 16 % humidity and outside temp of 95 degrees , my house was 82 degrees . After running this cooler for two hours my house temp went to 92 degrees . The fan barely blew , adding ice did n't help . Needless to say it was a total disappointment .
 This cooler did not work as advertised . We loaded the unit with ice and it did not blow out a cooler degree of air , compared to a regular fan . We measured the temperature with a temperature gauge directly in front of the air stream in a small very low humidity room . We returned the cooler and received a refund of $ 95.47 . However , we paid $ 116.47 and it cost $ 30.00 to ship it back , so we were out $ 51.00 .
 I had a problem with this model . There was a pool of water on the floor in the morning , probably a cup or more . I sent the unit back , and have not as yet been reimbursed . More reason to buy local and deal with the problem in person .
 You get what you pay for . It 's been okay to use in the bedroom with the air directed straight at me and lots of ice in the tank . It does n't cool well at all , though.Water in the tank seems to last forever which means it is not evaporating at any decent rate . That 's with humidity levels at 8-20 % . I was hoping for just a bit of relief from the heat . No such luck with this unit .
 Never thought I 'd write a review like this . Have always loved the otherGeorge Foreman products which have lasted for years . This stopped working after two weeks and six smoothies . Do n't know why but it will be going back . It is also a pain to take apart and clean . Not like other blenders I 've had . I wanted to upgrade my kitchen and get a super-duper smoothie maker like this one and am sorry it did n't work out .
 Second time I used this the plastic collar under the jar cracked and broke off . E-mailed the forman company asking where to obtain a replacement but got no reply . Searched the web for replacement , but found none . Wished I 'd used it sooner so I could have sent it back ; wo n't make that mistake again . Will never buy another foreman product.Why does n't Amazon provide a way to give negative stars ? Maybe someone could design a black hole to use as the symbol , in keeping with the astrological theme .
 While I liked the functions of the blender , it was nearly impossible to take apart to clean . There is a major design problem too , in that the bottom where the screw in is is all plastic and it broke after only a few uses . It is impossible to replace . This was a waste of money .
 I bought a couple of these for 2 bathrooms . They look fine , however , I think the part of the hook that you hang things on needs to be longer . A pair if pajamas is fine , since the fabric is thinner , but if I try to hang a robe on it that is made of polar fleece , or a thick towel , it falls off onto the floor . I kept them because I did n't realize this until after they were installed and my robe kept falling to the floor . I would not recommend this hook ; look for something else . This needs to be redesigned ; either longer hooks or with more of an upward curve .
 This unit has a large rechargeable battery which does not give good suction , even when fully charged . I wish I had never bought it .
 I gave this to my Brother coz it was just to heavy for me to carry up and down steps , but it has great suction and carries a very long charge.ThanksBrenda
 This Hand Vac has very little extra sucking power compared to an old 15.6 V , cheap competitor 's version that I still have that cost half as much . I thought it would have much more power since it higher voltage . It is also bulkier than my old one so harder to use for a car interior or tight spaces . It lacks a `` battery charged '' indicator , and has no wall mount , so I have to take out the battery to charge the vac and reconnect it again when it is charged . This is inconvenient . Other models allow you to just leave the vac plugged in which I prefer and have a `` charge complete '' colored light indicator . Time will tell if this model will keep a charge if the battery is not used for couple of weeks without recharging . It alsocame with no attachments . They need to be purchased separately.Also , no information came with the vac nor can I find any on the Black and Decker website , as to what tools also take this 18 Volt battery . It 's great that it is interchangeable , but not great that you ca n't easily find out where else it works.Black and Decker can do better !
 I have owned this vacuum for over a year . I have used it very little because it has low suction power .
 I have always kept a dustbuster in my kitchen for quick clean ups . They are always charged . Not with this new 18 volt model . Not only does is not have much suction power , you ca n't keep the battery plugged in so it is always charged and ready to go . If you do n't use it for 4-5 days , the charge depletes ! So then you have to recharge it for 14-16 hours . Not convenient at all . So I returned the dustbuster . I then ordered a Eureka that works great and can be left plugged in , permanently . The model number is H96 . It is not as large as it looks in the photos and is a great buy ; not to mention it costs less than the inefficient new dustbusters . The new dustbuster models are now just cheap knock offs of the original great machines . Black and Decker in their attempt to make a higher profit by cheapening a previously great product , destroyed a really good thing.I strongly recommend the Eureka below : Eureka Quick Up Cordless 2 in 1 , 96Hproduct .
 Didnt like how you have to plug this in each time to charge . Was hoping it would self charge in a cradle . It is also quite heavy . Returned it and got a refund
 I bought this about a week ago at the local WalMart . At first , it was fine , or ok . But after a week or so the filter was clogged and is n't very easy to clean , and it lost most of its suction power . The filter has little plastic holes that get clogged , and then the air flow goes to pot . After cleaning it , I am still not getting the amount of suction I need , so I am taking it back . The only good thing I have to say about this unit is the power supply is compatible with any 18V battery that goes on other black and decker appliances . While I would not repurchase this item , I do have other appliances that use the same battery and I am happy with them . I think they need to redesign it for better suction , even with a dirty filter . I was only using it for sucking up messes in the car , for the carpeted surfaces . I think they can come up with something better than this that has more suction . Back to the drawing board on this one , Black and Decker !
 Overpriced for it 's weak suction . Not sure how this battery can power a string trimmer and saw so much better than this poor hand vac
 Vac has very little sucking power compared to the old 14.4 V version I have . It is poorly designed for home use - no `` battery charged '' indicator , no attachment tools , no wall mount , have to disconnect battery to charge the vac and reconnect it again when it is charged . Other models you can just leave plugged in so they are always charged . Not sure if this model will keep charge if battery is just left in the vac for couple of weeks without recharging.Provided it can pickup nails as ad shows -LRB- which is definitely not the case with my unit -RRB- , it may work for somebody who has an existing collection of 18V tools in an industrial setting . Returned my the next day .
 I bought this at the store today and used one of my fully charged 18 Volt Black and Decker batteries I already had . The only reason I did n't give it 1 star is because the battery is swappable with my other 18 Volt Black and Decker units . Unlike the weed-eater and other things , however , this lacks the power you would expect from an 18 volt power supply ! I 've had cheap crappy uprights with less power that actually had more suction . This manages to get a couple pieces of fluff , and some stray kitty litter , but only after several passes or creating a seal with the floor directly over the particles to be picked up . It 'd be about as easy to just bend down and pick the offending particle up . This will be going back at the next opportunity . I expect a heck of a lot more power from a heavy hand-held that costs sixty bucks !
 I was looking for a powerful dustbuster and this vac filled my needs when I got it . The problem is the battery eventually will not hold a charge and it seems that every-time I go and get it to clean a small spill , the battery is almost dead and the power is dismal . Too expensive for what you get and should have been a lithium ion , not ni-cad . Really not a recommended buy .
 I bought this hand vac about 7 month ago and at first I actually kind of liked it . Mostly because it is small.But after using it daily for six weeks -LRB- about 10 min each day -RRB- to pick up small finch feathers and tiny empty seed husks around my two finch cages I noticed that the suction started to wain . At first I thought I may have not emptied it out enough , but I quickly realized that the suction was going on it.By the time I had this thing 4 month I would say the suction had gone down about 40-50 % . At 6 month old I could barely pick up anything with it unless I go over it several times and hold it tight to the floor.Like someone else already said , it would be easier to just pick the offending particle up by hand or using a dust pan and broom.My second pet peeve is ; that the container that holds the dust/dirt snaps on mostly by use of tension . I guess since I use the vac daily and since the suction is so low I 've started to empty it out every time I use it . It has become rather lose and every so often when I bang the vac into a table leg or put it down a little to hard the canister opens up and all the dirt falls out and I can start over.Of course I understand this vac is cheap and you get what you pay for , but with this unit you are wasting your money.After a lot of frustration I decided to go ahead and spend serious money on the cordless Handheld Dyson DC44 ; and I would never go back to this cheap thing.I would say the suction of the Dyson DC44 is at least 20 times higher , and the quality ca n't even be compared . But of course it costs almost 8 times what this B&D ; hand vac costs.However even if I bough a new B&D ; 18v cordless hand vac every 4 month -LRB- to make up the price for the DC44 and the loss of suction I experienced from the Black And Decker 18v unit after the first few moth of use -RRB- I still would n't get anything near what I have with the DC44 only a lot of frustration and a machine that has very little suction.In conclusion ; unless all you need to pick up are a few bread crumbs off your kitchen table once in a while and if you can afford a better unit , bypass this thing and you will be much , much happier in the long run.In my humble opinion , the B&D ; SPV1800 18v is pretty much a waste of money!I am sorry to say ; but I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS UNIT and I would not buy another one.PS
 I bought these to write my recipes on and give them to me teen grandkids so whenI 'm gone , they can remember me with the things we cooked in my kitchen together . .
 It is obvious the manufacturer skimped on the welding , using the least amount possible and the result is they are n't strongly welded together -LRB- which this bunk is 90 % welds , only a few other screws -RRB- . I used to have another metal bunk bed that lasted 20 years that eventually warped out of shape that had the full welds and never broke apart like this one did in one year.update
 I ordered this clock to be placed on a bathroom vanity , off of our bedroom . It is too noisy . Worse , the hour hand never pointed direction at the hour ... if it was 9:00 , the hour hand never pointed directly at the 9 . I also ordered this product from Amazon
 It looks like it 's going to break right away . In person it looks much worse than in the picture . Very shoddy materials and worksmanship .
 Why would any company market an alarmclock -- ordinarly placed beside yourbed -- that is so noisy that you canhear it ticking in the next room !? Do n't the product engineers at Westcloxunderstand that it is the alarm that issupposed to be noisy , not the clock allnight long !? Remind me to avoid Westclox in the future .
 We ordered this exact model number from a different supplier than amazon.com . We tried 3 different batteries in it , all of which tested out okay on our battery tester . Within 24 hours we realized that sometimes the second hand moves -LRB- with a moderately loud tick , by the way -RRB- , and other times it just sits there and wiggles . So obviously it ca n't keep time . So within 24 hours we called the supplier and they agreed to credit our account . They did n't even want it sent back.DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF JUNK !
 Arrived broken , need to send to manufacturer with $ 3 for S&H - does n't seem worth it , will buy another one somewhere else .
 This watch is just too noisy -- you ca n't have it in your bedroom -- go for something else . Parts can also fall off .
 They claim this sheet accomodates a 16 '' drop . My mattress is 15 inches & it does n't come clost to fitting . And I bought three of them . Sigh .
 This sheet can be used one time only as after washing it shrinks . When I used the first time it was much larger than the bed but after I washed it did n't fit anymore . I ordered the biggest size , cal king!Poor quality item .
 I did not purchase this product on Amazon.The material is cheap shower curtain type vinyl . It worked OK from October through November but on the first 20 degree day in December , it severely ripped . I had it bungee corded around the middle and a couple logs on top but the bottom portion shredded in the wind because the material became so brittle.The manufacturer sent a replacement despite being 2 months past the 30 day warranty but I do n't expect this to last much longer . The product is not even remotely worth what is being charged for it.My personal opinion is that Panacea Products is merely an importer of cheap overseas made products . Log covers to bicycle tires . Their web site does n't even list the products they sell / `` make '' .
 I should have returned this out of priniciple , but it was cheap and it barely suffices . But previous digital clocks can be easily read from 10 feet . Not this one . Depending on its mood -LRB- and mine -RRB- I get a lock on the time maybe half the time .
 This piece , while it does look nice now that it is finally put together , was extremely difficult to construct and is made out of cheap materials . The instructions were not clear and we had to cut part of the `` wood '' to get the back piece to fit . It feels flimsy.It is definitely not worth the price . Keep looking .
 The product arrived in a damaged box . The packing material created a mess . All parts were included but the panels have chips in the white painted edges . The doors do not align properly . It took a long time to assemble and it has a funny smell . Overall I would not recommend this product . It was inexpensive and it looks it . If I had the time disassemble it and find another box , I would send it back . Very dissatisfied .
 The glasses Amazon sells is not the ones pictured in the ad . The glasses they send are of an inferior quality which I doubt is actually NIKKO . The design on the glass is nearly half the size of the one pictured . I complained after the first set arrived , and Amazon sent a replacement set , NEXT DAY , at no charge to me . I do appriciate them trying to set this right . The replacement set was the same inferior product they had sent the first time . I received a lengthy email , after a second complaint , but Amazon was unable to do anything about this problem at this time , but I think they finally realized they had a supplier problem to deal with .
 I agree with one other poster . I do n't beleive these are true Nikko products . If they are , then they are quite defective . I bought 3 sets from Amazon to add to an existing collection that I had purchased in a department store . The decal is very small , nearly half the size of my original glasses . These glasses are listed as diswasher safe . The decals are practically gone now after the Christmas season . Not at all happy with the glasses I purchased from Amazon : -LRB-
 These glasses are NOT the ones pictured . I have two other sets that I have had for many years . The decal on them is full size and appears to be hand painted . The decals on these glasses just received is about half the size of the original ones and the ones pictured on line . The decal appears that it would peel or wash off easily . Not very satisfied with the product I received . Would not order these or any other product advertised as NIKKO from Amazon again .
 Disappointed . It started to rust with first use . We are looking for one that wo n't rust.Everytime you fill the kettle there is always rust in it
 I do n't know if it is possible to find cast iron that does n't rust , but this rusted the first time I used it . It 's fine and functional for sitting on top of my wood stove , but the quality seems pretty poor .
 This kettle ruined my mantel . I used this Kettle for 2 weeks , picked it up and saw that it had rusted through and ruined my mantel ! There is huge rust circle on my brand new stove that will not come out ! DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT
 I was very disappointed with this tea kettle . First of all , it did not come with a lid despite that the box it arrived in showed the tea kettle with a lid . When I called the company , the customer service agent claimed that even though the packaging box showed a lid that it did not come with one . Then she claimed that if I sent it back , that there would be a 30 % reshelving fee ! So I decided to keep it , but when we filled it with water and put it on top of our wood burning stove , the inside rusted within hours ! Very , very disappointed !!!
 I bought this steamer because it seemed to be the best price/capacity ratio in the category . However , 3 QT volume is not true . The kettle is much smaller and does n't hold 3QTs even when filled to the brim . Moreover , when full it actually leaks the water from under the lid when the water starts boiling . Thus , to be usable you have to fill it with no more than 2 QTs . It is a shame because I specifically needed a larger capacity steamer to avoid filling it up many times during the day -LRB- I keep my woodstove running most of the time -RRB- . This is also not an error in the on-line product description , but the misrepresentation directly from manufacturer -LRB- it says 3 Qts on the box -RRB- . Otherwise , the kettle is pretty basic and has greyish/greenish hue -LRB- another minor disappointment - my wood stove appears comparatively darker -RRB- . I , guess , after all twenty-something bucks just does n't buy enough iron to make a true 3 Qt kettle ...
 This kettle does its job but it rusts like crazy . I seasoned it and still after a couple of day rust . I dont use it for drinking water just to humidify the air but it just does not look all that nice with the rust . Also in the picture the kettle looks green but its really black .
 Not pleased with this purchase . It looks nice in the pic , but upon arrival it was stiff and shedding . I returned it straight away . If your looking for an excellent leopard throw check out Pottery Barn . Theirs is lovely , durable and easily washed . -LRB- hang dry only -RRB-
 I bought elsewhere . Water did taste better BUT I have asthma . My asthma got worse & I could smell ozone when I ran the machine . I got an ozone test kit & put test strip about foot from the top of the machine ; test from the IAACM - -LSB- ... -RSB- . Test confirmed unsafe ozone levels . Later I saw Consumer Reports explain their test results of ozone being released was the reason it was listed as unsafe / do not buy . I stopped using the Lotus water treatment & my asthma is much better . I was very upset b/c it has the water quality association gold seal , passed both NSF 42 / 53 tests , & filter lasts 300 gal . BUT IT DOES RELEASE OZONE so do n't buy it if you value your lungs ! Even if my unit was defective , it is too much of a hassle to keep getting ozone test kits to check if a unit is o.k. Look at Consumer Report user reviews , etc. to see others have ozone issues too . There is a pitcher purifier but filter -LRB- $ 8 ea -RRB- last only 40 gallons , so lots of filters in the trash . Reverse osmosis can waste water & takes lots of under counter / sink space . Still looking for a water PURIFIER not a water filter system that I can manage myself .
 I purchased the Tersano drinking unit a few years back . The first issue I had was that it was not working properly -LSB- unit would not dispense water -RSB- after 1 year and the company replaced the caraff.This issue happened again and they replaced the base part . The main issue was that the main unit would leak water and not work properly . The unit worked well for 1 year but fell apart after that . When I called customer service , they mentioned that I had to purchase a new unit . I did that and I had the same leaking issue from the base of the unit -LSB- there would be a puddle of water -RSB- and it would not dispense water from the base into the caraff.Love the idea but do not believe in their quality since they moved their manufacturing of the product to China . If you buy this product it will work for a while but will stop wortking after a period of time . I would not recommend it to my family or anyone else fro that matter.Not a good investment.Mike L
 MY TOTAL COST PER GALLON = $ 1.03 PER GALLON WATER USING THE LOTUS WATER TREATMENT SYSTEM.I do n't usually write reviews but thought I should write a review on this product -LRB- Lotus Water Treatment System -RRB- so that potential customers are well informed before purchasing this water treatment system . I purchased the Lotus Water Treatment System May 30 , 2008 and have used it daily until it broke -LRB- processing motor -RRB- September 7 , 2011 . I went through 2 filters and just started on my 3rd filter . I was the only person using it so if you have more than one person going to use it take that into consideration on about how long it will last before potential motor failure.The unit comes with a 1 year warranty and if you have problems with the unit you have to send it back to Tersano -LRB- AT YOUR COST - KEEP BOX FOR 1 YEAR -RRB- . After 1 year just throw the water treatment system in the trash because Tersana Inc. the company that makes the Lotus Water Treatment System `` does NOT fix products . `` This is what Adriana representative from Lotus told me . They do have very fast -LRB- email -RRB- response time with customer support and Adriana seems to want to help.The time it takes to process 2 quarts of water is about 7 minutes . So if you 're in a hurry to get out the door for work that 7 minutes can seem like a long time.The water taste very good if used within 10 hours of processing the water . After 10 hours the water will have a weird after taste and if you let the water set in the refrigerator for 24 hours and try to drink it -LRB- NOT RECOMENDED -RRB- the water tastes terrible . I always keep my water sealed in a glass vacuum container and the water does not absorb any odors from outside the container . I never did understand why the water taste so bad in such a small amount of time.I figured out what the cost per gallon of water for the life of the unit for me and my computations are below : Lotus water treatment System is $ 256 with shippingFilter replacement $ 58 with shipping -LRB- I purchased 2 Total -RRB- $ 116 Total for 2 filters.Processing carafe broke after the 1st year $ 20 after 5 week wait because they were on backorder . Backorder happens a lot with this company . I had to wait over a month just to get replacement filter # 2 . My total cost taken from above is :-LRB- $ 256 unit + $ 116 filters + $ 20 carafe -RRB- = $ 392 . Each time you process water it makes 2 US quarts or .50 US gallon . So 2 process times = 1 US gallon of water.The water processing carafe is designed to hold 2 quarts . The filter is designed to process 365 cycles -LRB- 183 gallons water -RRB- before it needs replacing with a new filter -LRB- $ 58 -RRB- . My total gallon used about 380 gallonsMy total cost for 380 gallons water = $ 392 _______________________ Total cost per gallon = $ 1.03 _______________________ The average water treatment system is about 10 cents per gallon . The water treatment system that replaced this one is 10 cents per gallon . I hope this helps with your decision making process . I wish I had this information 3 years ago .
 I really believe in the value of clean fresh drinking water and this looked like a viable alternative to a more costly system . And the quality of the water taste was excellent . But it 's true that you get what you pay for . And I paid ... one unit lasted just about 6 months before it stopped pumping water . Sent it back under warranty - took about 6 weeks but finally got another , that stopped pumping just a number of months later . They did replace it , another 6 to 8 weeks , and that was because I hounded them . The last unit lasted about 5 months before it did the same thing . I do n't want to keep going with this . I do like the taste of the water but I now regret not shelling out a few hundred or more for a better system.Plus , I also own the Tersano vegetable bowl cleaning system and have had similar problems with that , seizing up , even starting up on it 's own - hopefully I was right there and it did n't overheat and burn my house down !!! Plus , I ordered a brand new replacement bowl for that unit and once they -LRB- finally -RRB- sent it it to me , I was horrified to find dried food on it !!!! Disgusting ! Again , they sent a replacement , but WHO DOES THAT ?????
 The delivery on this product took way to long , and after calling to get the tracking # , I was given the run around . Also , I bought one from Costco in the past and they provide 2 pitchers , Amazon only provided one and the price went up over 30 % .
 I was very excited when I saw this product on HGTV 's `` I Want That ! '' . Who would not want better tasting super pure water ? I ordered the unit and it arrived no problem . The unit itself is quite large and dwarfed everything else in my kitchen . Water processing easily and is very clean tasting . However the water made my tongue tingle and I developed a headache and a rash on my chest the very next day ! As soon as I went back to my Brita I was fine.This product could be great if you are looking to leave the expense and waste of bottle water behind . However , use the product as soon as you get it . If you have any problems do not hesitate to return it pronto . You 'll either love it or hate it .
 Tersano sells a lousy product and the company is not honest . Amazon should stop doing business with company like that .
 Here is the test you should try -LRB- for anyone who have this unit -RRB-
 Before you buy based on the reviews click on the reviewers and you can see they have only reviewed other products made by this company.The language is similar in all the reviews . Abuse of the review system is terrible and I hope the company suffers for it .
 Decided to buy based on consumer reports recommendation . This was just a couple months ago and they recommended it . They did n't say NOT to buy it . My question -LRB- and the reason I 'm leaving a low rating -RRB- is
 I decided after reading the instructions for use , this product was just not for my busy working life . I did not remove it from the box and asked to return it.What a disappointing surprise to learn that the company charges a $ 15 restock fee ! Had I known before purchasing , I would not have.I am stuck with this product & will try to sell it privately.Check the seller 's return rules BEFORE purchasing !
 I seem to have gotten the last one of these . Lucky me . The fool thing did 3 cycles and stopped pumping water into the pitcher . It did , however , manage to dump lots of water on the table and floor due to a leak in the filter enclosure . The thing was sent in a box that was sized for two units . There was no packing material in the extra large outer box . So , I 'm sure the inner box had a merry journey of its own on the trip from the seller . I 've asked for a refund . Let 's see if I get one .
 We have had the LSR100 for a year and it worked great . Then just as the one year warranty expired , to our surprise the system stopped working . And for the past three months the customer service has been telling us to wait for a technician to call . And you wait and wait for nothing . Tersano built a product that needs to be replaced annually and for the price of the unit , it is not worth it . I read some recent reports and they had similar complaints with customer service -LRB- or should I say no customer service -RRB-
 It would be too extensive to write about the problems I have had with this product so I will summarize . The first unit was defective -LRB- would not dispense water at all -RRB- . We contacted Tersano and they have the worst customer service I have seen in a long time . If you are lucky enough to actually get someone within their very limited call hours they try to push you off on someone else or just plain do n't return your calls or emails . It took us a long time to finally get the unit we had replaced with a brand new one . That new system worked for just about a year . Right around the time the warranty expired it broke , blowing a fuse within the first few seconds of running the filtration system . Every time we try and run it , it blows a fuse and shuts off . We contacted Tersano and all they offered was to give us $ 50 off the purchase off a new piece of unreliable junk . We have another call into them that as of now has not been returned.Do not buy this product or anything else from Tersano . If you have any problems with your product , and chances are you will , you will be sorry you had to deal with their customer service . I really really regret this purchase .
 We bought the second lotus machine in 2 years and it broke again in less than a year . We really like the water , when it works but it just breaks to easily . Therefore it is just too expensive . I guess we will be looking for a new system .
 This is really a piece of garbage . Do NOT buy this.When I tried to put it together I was shocked at how cheap the material was . The plastic seemed almost used and brittle . The top portion that goes over the filter to encase and draw out the water DID NOT FIT no matter what I tried . Short of jamming it on there and breaking it -LRB- Which I was n't willing to risk -RRB- there was no way to even get the machine running . Even the packaging the product came in seemed used , as if they repackaged a used machine and box and thought the consumer was too stupid to notice.For me , that alone was enough to return this with all possible haste . My vote is to NOT buy this machine as it is cheaply made and the instruction do not seem to cover anything beyond very basic assembly .
 A waste of money - takes forever to get it to just run . Wonder if the company is having their people put up all the great reviews .
 I purchased this fan less than 60 days ago in a different color and from a different source . I was very pleased with it until it suddenly started dripping black oil from the motor . Since we leave it on while we sleep I find this scary .
 The quality control on this is lacking . -LRB- 1 -RRB- The screw holes drilled into the top shelf for the side handle did not align , forcing you to start the screws yourself on one side -LRB- without using the pre-drilled holes -RRB- . -LRB- 2 -RRB- There were dark stains on the wood slats that could not be removed , even with abrasive cleaner -LRB- see photos -RRB- -LRB- 3 -RRB- The top shelf is two separate sections . One section is a little higher than the other on one side , which means the top shelf is not flat across the entire top .
 ORDERED TWO - ONE ARRIVED SMASHED . PROMPT REPLACEMENT . NOT THE BEST CONSTRUCTION , BUT LOOKS NICE AND THE FOLDING FEATURE IS WONDERFUL . A UNIQUE AND HANDY DESIGN . CASTER LOCKS ARE N'T THE BEST EITHER , BUT WORK OK .
 Finished wood was scratched and dented . Screws were stripped and could n't be used . Holes did not line up to assemble . It was a nightmare to put together and I am still waiting on extra screws from the manufacturer .
 I bought this because it looks so nice but when I received it I fount that it 's different from the picture and the Product Description -LRB- deluxe set -RRB- it 's far from deluxe !
 the product is beautiful but not durable . it is coming loose at the seems and i have n't even had it 2 months ... not satisfied ...
 We bought this for my son 's 10th birthday . The black wax moves well , but the liquid is so cloudy it is hard to see the wax do its thing . We now have the blue liquid / white wax model , and it works SO MUCH better !
 I `` accidently '' bought this , and once it came , the liquid was very cloudy . I 'm not too good at sending things back , so I left it alone . Do n't buy a BLACK one . I bought a red one , it works fine .
 Do n't be fooled in buying this color lava lamp thinking that you 're getting what you 're looking for ... The liquid in which the black lava floats is extremely cloudy , therefore it 's difficult to see the lava 's effect and it looks kind of disgusting . I 'm disappointed with this product and I hope I 'll be able to return it . Maybe trying a different lava lamp color will take care of this . Too bad because I really wished for a black one .
 When I took this strainer out of the package , it had a sticker label with a bar code & product info , across the back . I could n't take the sticker off all the way ; it left pieces here and there , which were a real pain to remove all the way.This strainer looks really flimsy and cheaply made . Does n't seem like something that will last very long.Also , it does n't fit 100 % perfectly into my Schumann Boston shaker , which is a bit disappointing.Aside from all that , I was able to make a few descent Manhattan cocktails with it .
 I purchased the XLAUTO2 a couple of weeks ago . I used it to clean my car and it was satisfactory . Unfortunately I lost the crevice tool , which to me is a critical tool , and tried to buy a replacement from Oreck . I was told that replacement parts for the XLAUTO2 are not available . I now have an expensive product that is only partially useful . I want to warn other potential buyers about this problem .
 I purchased this fan less than 60 days ago in a different color and from a different source . I was very pleased with it until it suddenly started dripping black oil from the motor . Since we leave it on while we sleep I find this scary .
 Filter was installed on the ice maker water line . Went to get ice cubes the next day and they were black . Flush filter before installing .
 Unlike some happy reviewers on this fan , I had the worse experience . I purchased this fan in the beginning of July 2010 for an event at the end of the month . When it arrived , it was a `` previously-opened '' box . I worry when this happens and I had every right to be worried ... the screw to connect the pole to the base was missing . After calling Holmes direct I figured it would be easy to get a tiny light-weight screw replacement , but that was n't the case . Their response was `` we do n't have parts available as they are out of stock , but we are still manufacturing these fans and can send you a whole new fan free of charge . '' When I asked what is the estimated time to send a whole new fan , they told me they do n't know ... could n't even tell me one month , or one year.Then I contacted Amazon and relayed the situation , which they gladly sent me another fan as a replacement and for me to return the first one free of charge but to wait until the second arrived . Well , the second one arrived and was in the same condition ; previously opened and missing the same screw . I 've decided to return both fans and get my money back.All in all , I feel Holmes is running a scam or at least they have lost my trust in their customer service and product reliability . Come on , a screw that could n't be sent to me but they wanted to send a whole new fan that they could n't give me a time-frame of availability ? Makes you wonder about them .
 The fan began to lose its electrical connection and shut off while in oscillation mode after just a few days of use . The problem was remedied by securing the cord to the stand with a cable-tie so the cord can no longer pull loose from it 's connection . I would think the cord should exit at the base of the fan to avoid this problem .
 It was easy to assemble but when I turned it on , it did not cool very much . I felt no breeze coming from the front of the fan , only from the sides . Also , the height was too low . It did not adjust to a good height . also the description said there was a remote but it did not come with one .
 I would like to review this fan for it 's quality . However , after having the fan shipped twice with missing parts I gave up . I just want people to know that you may have to have it shipped multiple times before you can use .
 Really sad that they are trying to force Tassimo customers to replace their units by over-pricing the accessories . I found the Tassimo Water Filter 76208 on Sears for under $ 7 . It looks like I purchased the last two available . I 'll keep looking for them because $ 25 each is ridiculous .
 These ORIGINALLY retailed for $ 9.99 . My local Dillards put them on sale due to , I guess , Tassimo discontinuing them . Dillards was selling them for $ 3/ea . Selling them for $ 44.14 is ABSOLUTELY , RIDICULOUS . I 'll buy a new machine before I will submit to this type of highway ROBBERY !!!!! -LRB- Paying for THREE filters will buy you a new machine ... completely blows my mind ... -RRB-
 There is nothing wrong with this product . I would buy it if it were reasonably priced . That said , you ca n't expect it to be since it has not been manufactured for a long time . There are a few on ebay , for around $ 12.99 , but it wo n't be long before that dries up too . I have been putting pre-filtered or spring water in my machine and will continue to do that instead of paying this price for the filter . If I get tired of that , for the money I have saved not paying this price , it wo n't be too painful to buy the current generation of Tassimo machine . Still you hate to give up on something that 's working perfectly well .
 Follow the other reviewer 's advice -LRB- Angela -RRB- and buy this from coffeebiz . The price listed here on Amazon -LRB- even though it 's an outside retailer -RRB- is RIDICULOUS at $ 40 . These are becoming very hard to find , but they are still only $ 9 on coffeebiz .
 I ordered 4 of these on November 13 , 2006 . I just got a FIFTH delay notice from Amazon saying that they now expect to ship in May of 2007 . Amazon DOES NOT HAVE this item ; it is not true that it `` usually ships in 2 to 3 weeks '' . Amazon - if anyone is listening - Take this item off your website , please . Manage your suppliers , please .
 I have purchased this filter before for $ 7.99 and now it is $ 40 what is going on ? This price is completely insane . This company is full of % & * @ !!!!!!!!!
 I 'm also having a hard time replacing the Braun water filters . Contacted Tassimo and they said they no longer make them and you can use machine without them , which is great news because I have reverse osmossis . Log on to braun.com and they give you a list of places that sell these filters by state . Found one in my area . Will not pay over $ 8 for this water filter . What a rip off ! Tassimo is doing a disservice to their customers and I told them about the Braun website . Braun offers all replacement parts for this coffee maker .
 Make sure you have the latest version b/c I have the first generation and it does n't fit , but I ca n't return it b/c I opened it .
 I have yet to recieve the filter in the mail . I ordered 3 things a piercing unit , a cleaning disc , and a water filter . The package that was suppose to contain the piercing unit contained some fruit crushing tool , the cleaning disc arrived in great shape , and I have yet to recieve the water filter . I do n't have time to deal with this and just ordered direct from tassimo and considered it a very expensive cleaining disc .
 I bought it , tried to install it , but it would notfit into the water tank . I 'm not sure if Amazon sent me the wrong item , or if there is a special tank required in order to use the filter . Regardless ... do more research than I did before buying this item .
 Bottom line
 Bought this in Oct. , 2004 and it arrived within 2 weeks . That is the good news . The bad news is I plugged it in and it did not work . Contacted Haier and Customer Service was helpful in giving me names & phone numbers of repair services in my area to contact for `` warranty '' service . Unfortunately , first company I called no longer serviced Haier products . They told me it was not profitable for them . Second company took 3 weeks to get parts -LRB- needed a new compressor & tubing was kinked -RRB- and 2.5 hours for repairs to be finished . Pretty sad for a NEW wine cooler . Hopefully it will work now . I 'd recommend that if you purchase this unit do n't buy it on line . Go to a retail store where you can return it if it does n't work . Much easier ! Positive point is the unit is attractive and compact .
 Do n't buy this unit . After running a Haier wine cellar for ~ 4 years , I lost my entire wine collection . Why ? Vibrations . After pulling bottle after bottle of wine and finding that they had gone off , I began investigating why . At first I thought it was temperature fluctuations , or the fact that the tinted glass may not be UV resistant . However , the final answer came when I tested for vibrations . And there are * a lot * of vibrations in the interior . I lost 60 + bottles of premium wine ; do n't make the same mistake .
 We so looked forward to our `` 60-Bottle Wine Cellar , with Slide-Out Racks '' . Unfortunately , it was delivered damaged but Amazon.com was great about sending out a new one quickly , etc. . No problem with Amazon.com . The problem is that the racks do not `` slide-out '' as Haier claims . If you lift the back of the rack out of a groove the rack can be lifted out - careful if you have 5 wine bottles on there ! No `` easy access '' as it says in the product description . Haier should be honest and call them `` adjustable racks '' like in a regular refrigerator . We called Haier and they said their `` gliding '' racks come out on a track . But who knew to look for `` gliding '' instead of `` sliding '' ? So if you do n't need racks that slide out on a track so you can see the bottles towards the back of each rack , then you 'll probably be happy with this unit . We are n't .
 This unit may work fine but it arrived in non-working condition . It had no power when plugged in . Haier was called and service person came out but could not get response from Haier . No call backs , no nothing . Haier parts and repair service is not satifactory . Unit is still unrepaired and will be returned after a month of trying to get part and response .
 I took it out of the box , plugged it in and 10 minutes later it made a really loud continuous high pitch sound . Called Haier ; finally got a guy to come out and he said we needed a new compressor ! I wish I would have got it at Bestbuy so I could have returned it . I would n't recommend buying this on Amazon .
 Unfortunatly , I ca n't give a legitimate rating AND will never know if this is a decent wine cellar because it arrived TWICE -LRB- yes , I took the change and re-ordered -RRB- damaged and delivery-the second time-was refused.I finally canceled my order and bought a GE Monogram for 2X the amount , which holds up to 57 bottles . -LRB- I own a smaller 20b Haier and have had no problems with it in three year . -RRB- But the larger 46b
 We have a new mattress that is 15 inches deep and I am always looking for sheets that will fit this mattress , high thread count with a good price . We have a WONDERFUL set of Sealy sheets with a 550 thread count and they feel just like silk so I thought I would try this set since it is a 600 thread count . My first disappointment is that I ordered bone and they are a light yellow , NOT my favorite color . Secondly , one of the pollow cases is not put together properly , the piping trim is not connected and just hangs there . Also , the bottom sheet is ENORMOUS and we had to tuck it in under the mattress . . bet this would fit a 22 inch deep mattress , if such a thing exists ! The top sheet is FAR from large enough , can barely be tucked in on either side . They should have put the extra material from the bottom sheet into the top sheet ! I was surprised that they had to be washed on gentle cycle and then dried on low . I did follow the directions but they took FOREVER -LRB- like an hour ! -RRB- to dry . The fourth problem is that they are so wrinkled that they look like an old rag when removed from the dryer . I KNOW that they are 100 % cotton , but so are my other sheets and NONE of them need the ultra-gentle care these need and STILL come looking MUCH better than these sheets . The final disappointment is that they just do n't FEEL as soft and silky as they should when we sleep on them . So I am NOT at all happy with my purchase . So many others are VERY happy with theirs so maybe I got an inferior set ? WHO KNOWS ! But DO realize that IF you order the bone that they will be a light yellow !
 I ordered two sets . After the 2nd washing I noticed that the bottom sheets have developed `` fuzz '' balls - feels like your bed has crumbs in it.I know you are n't suppose to get this when you use 100 % cotton - so possibly these are a blend -LRB- even though it states 100 % cotton on the description -RRB- . Disappointed .
 These are the most uncomfortable sheet I have ever experienced . A must NOT buy !
 I purchased a set of sheets from Amazon and they were amazing -LRB- much lower thread count -RRB- so I thought I 'd try a higher thread count and after some reviews , went with these sheets . Right out of the box , they were rough ; after washed they were rough and stiff.Right now these are probably on par with very cheap , department store bought quality sheets at far less of a price.I would not recommend these sheets at all .
 Took what I thought would be a nice set of sheets to my place in Costa Rica and have slept in wrinkles ever since . Hard to maintain , color is not vivid and am overall disappointed with this 600 thread count sheet set .
 Becoming interested in wine ? Have some better bottles that need to last through 90 degree plus summers ? This may be the product for you . It 's inexpensive compared to many similar products and nice-looking . However if you are approaching `` wine geek '' status this may not be for you . First of all , when we assembled the door there was a 1/8 inch gap between the door and the unit leaving just enough air space to let summer humidity in . Fortunately we were able to adjust the door , but no thanks to the instruction manual.Also , the temperature setting fluctuates on a daily basis probably too much for someone who is very concerned about a constant and exact temperature . There is also no humidity setting.One other caution
 this is the worse cooler I have seen it was rusty and a large door gap letting in air.would not buy again
 This is a full price item/Corelle Livingware 63/4 Bread and Butter Plate City Block pattern . The item sent was a second , imperfect . Seller did not respond .
 I purchased 2 of these wine cellars and both failed . Amazon was kind enough to refund the full amount I paid for the first one but when the 2nd one failed beyond the `` 30 Day '' return period , I was referred to the manufacturer . Lentek International was basically useless , they want to give me $ 199 in other merchandise , why you ask ? They claim they do not carry the wine cellar any longer . What a surprise ! Oh but do a search on Amazon , they still sell this Junk , so does Lentek it 's in their catalog and on their web site . My only alternative is to buy merchandise with Lentek , so instead of a wine cellar I get a dozen Epilady hair removal products , 5 wine bottle openers , a Mosquito trap , all great alternatives to a wine cellar . This thing is JUNK , and Amazon is NOT a retailer to do business with .
 I purchased 2 of these units for my daughters . One has been returned and the other is about to be returned . Out of the box they run constantly for days and eventually do not operate any longer .
 Great little wine fridge that worked great and was pretty quiet . However , the unit would never shut off -LRB- even after actively cooling for an entire day -RRB- then died after just two weeks . Forget about the warranty , I am returning this one for a refund .
 Mine died after 8 months . The company is now bankrupt so I could n't even get a replacement from the warranty .
 The wine storage locker worked fine for the first 11 days until it just died . Even though it 's still under warranty , it 's going to be a major pain in the neck to re-package it & lug it to a shipping place -LRB- too large for post office -RRB- to return to the factory for warranty repair/replacement
 A long sad story
 I bought 12 glasses each of most of this set of Mikasa a couple years ago when it was on sale from Macy 's thru Amazon . Forget washing in the dishwasher , you so much as look the wrong way at these and they break . The Highball glasses are the toughest , but have had a couple of them break in my hand while washing with the mildest jar against sink . They are not durable enough to be everyday use and not nice enough to justify taking up storage space as special occasion glasses . I am VERY disappointed in Mikasa , I would never buy from them again .
 Like others who have done reviews , I bought these over 5 years ago from Macy 's and fell in love with them . I bought replacements at the Mikasa outlet in Redding that were the same quality , so I expected that any future similar replacement purchases would be the same . Boy , was I wrong . I ordered 4 boxes @ $ 69.95 a box , twenty dollars more than orinally paid . I thought that since it 's been 5 years , they went up in price due to popularity . Nope . These were paper thin around the top , completely different from the ones I bought years ago . One run in the dishwasher and two were broken . Complete disappointment . There are definitely two different grades or the quality has just taken a nose dive intentionally . These would break just handwashing them . I will never buy them again .
 My wife and I got several Mikasa glass sets for our wedding 5 years ago . After 2 kids and several accidents , we needed to replace a set . During our search , we found this set of glasses that match the set we needed replaced . We where so happy to find them and at a good price . Then we got the package and man where we disappointed !!! The quality had gone out the window . These glasses where about half the thickness as our previous ones , so much so that I 'm afraid to put them in the dishwasher . We have already had one break after about 2 months . I would definitely NOT BUY this product again . POOR QUALITY !!
 4 years ago we got 3 sets of these as wedding gifts . We are now down to our final glass . They break when you look at them funny . Aesthetically appealing , though , hence the single star . Go another direction with you cash .
 Three out of four glasses were gone in just two days!As manufacturer recommended they were hand washed all the time BUT two broke simply by tipping to the side in the sink and last one shattered when it was brushed against sink wall.Never seen anything like that , must be some kind of glass defect.Product deserves no stars at all as none of it left.Avoid .
 I really liked the look of these glasses when I received them . They have a nice weight to them -LRB- weighted bottom -RRB- but I was surprised at how VERY thin the sides were . Unfortunately , upon first use , I now have a large crack on the side of one of the glasses from filling it with ice from my run of the mill freezer door ice dispenser . As thin as they are , I should have known better and not filled the glass directly from the ice dispenser , but lesson learned . I will be more careful with my 3 remaining glasses , but am very disappointed that the first one broke so easily . Beware !
 I could not get these glasses shipped to me because they were always received broken . Finially Amazon refunded my money and would not try shipping a replacement .
 Feature set is very appealing , quiet fan , automatic humidistat , carbon filters , air ionizer . Unfortunately the automatic humidistat is flawed , we returned it and got a new one and it still has the same problem . When it reaches the desired humidity it shuts off - but then if it instantly ducks below that number it instantly turns back on - and off - and on ... you get the picture . Imagine having a machine in your room that turns on and off 10 + times a minute - not conducive for sleep.Other than this fatal flaw it works great . It humidifies better than any of our other humidifiers , its quiet and easy to clean . If the above mentioned feature worked this would be a kick butt humidifier - but it does n't . For the record , we have a Honeywell humidifier of the same size and with an automatic humidistat that does n't have the same problem - we believe it 's because the humidistat is more accurate and it has a built in 5 % tolerance .
 I agree with other reviewers about humidistat cycling on and off . I ended up not using the auto feature . Also , once the tank gets low , it starts to rattle a bit in the base and is no longer `` whisper quiet . '' Finally , our house has old steam heat radiators and our room is 13x13 with 9 foot ceilings and the tank did not last the night during most of December and January when set to 40 % . I did , however , find the replacement filters easily at Target . I would not recommend this humidifier .
 I bought this humidifier on the recommendation of Consumer Reports . It 's easy enough to clean and handles hard water well . However , it is as loud as a box fan and it leaves a puddle underneath itself . In addition , filters for this model are somewhat hard to find . Most noticeable among this model 's drawbacks is that it constantly flips on and off when you put it into automatic mode -LRB- `` Accu-Stat '' -RRB- . My wife and I are going to return it and purchase a quieter , warm-mist humidifier with no filters to replace .
 The filters of the highly recommanded Holmes -LRB- by the Consumer Reports -RRB- stopped absorbing water after about 4 weeks of use . The company claims that the filter -LRB- composed of 3 small filters -RRB- has to be replaced every 6 weeks . This is unacceptable and an expensive operation !
 Just bought this unit 3 days ago and was surprised to see pool of water under the base -LRB- very hazardous -RRB- . Will return it and not really inclined to get the same brand as exchange.Accdg . to Environmental Protection , cool mist/impeller types of humidifier are worse -LRB- than steam/warm moisture -RRB- in terms of microorganism infection though there is no concrete study to support this .
 I read several reviews on this including consumer reports trying to find a unit with a timer . I found this unit to be noisy and water leaked from the base all over the table and floor the first time I used it - I returned the unit and would not recommend this unit to others .
 I agree with one reviewer that the humidistat is regulated in a very tite range causing it to cycle on and off very frequently . I do n't agree with the fan noise . I found it to be very noisy compaired to the two Bemis humisifiers I had for the past two years . I admit they do n't have the air ionizer and other features but at least I can forget they are there . Oh and the wick is hard to find .
 I followed the instructions : Boil water with some potato peels in it for 15 minutes ; wipe clean , dry , and put 1 cm oil and heat for 5 min . Discard oil , and wipe clean . That 's the instruction.After boiling the water , I wiped it clean right away . I saw 2 inch long rust belt on the exterior and a good 8 inch long rust in the interior of the pan . I have cast iron pans and carbon steel pans . This is not my first time in seasoning those guys . I have paderno series and matfer series , I did not have such a problem with them.So , What 's that ? Just a defective item or maybe it is from a defective batch . Who knows.FYI
 Bought this for my nephew and he loves it , however the green plastic piece that holds the pops is very cheeply made . The portion of this piece that the metal stands snap into , broke right off the first time a bag of frozen corn accedentaly fell on it . Now we have to prop it up in the freezer against other things to make it work . Other than that , we are pleased with the way the pops turn out . If you have enough freezer space to let this stand alone with nothing touching it , you should not have a problem .
 While I love the design I was disappointed to receive the product with a missing piece and a not receptive -LRB- too busy ? -RRB- Amazon customer service .
 This product is fine , but the seller charges over 2x the price on the manufacturer 's website -LRB- where the product can also be ordered , incidentally -RRB- . A curious choice for a relatively simple product ...
 The cart and bags are good overall , but the clamp that supports one of the poles cracked after 2 months .
 This thing is the ingest piece of junk . The hanging bar broke after ONE month . Now , its just my Fianc&eacute; and me , so it 's not like I was expecting this to support the entire Duggar family 's hanging laundry . The plastic snaps that hold the hanging bar in place are cheap , cheap plastic , and both side snaps broke after a month . We used duct tape to secure the side poles & hang bar but after a while , even that was n't enough and the pole kept sliding down . I eventually got so fed up looking at this waste of the money that I threw out a couple of weeks ago . If you really want a durable solution , buy Metro branded products . They are adjustable , can support up to 500lbs , and have a large variety of add-on components to fit your specific need . I purchased an InterMetro shelf at The Container Store a few months back for my pantry and I LOVE it . I plan to purchase another for our Garage soon . Save your money & do n't purchase this .
 At a listed price of $ 14.49 it looked like a great deal . I almost clicked on the one click purchase button , but my gut feeling told me that this must be too good to be true . Instead , I put two in my cart and then went to check out . There I saw that the shipping and handling was $ 163.98 , for a grand total of $ 192.96 for two . This is a crooked , dishonest , sleazy , underhanded , fraudulent sales tactic . I would n't buy anything from these crooks .
 I purchased this laundry cart about 6 months ago . At first , all was well . It seemed like a solidly built cart , however , after about 2 months , all of the plastic fittings on the hanging bar started to crack and break and now the bar will not stay in the `` up '' position even with hardly ANY weight on it . It wont even hold dry clothes . I am now using garage spring clamps to hold it up . With a six month manufacturers warranty , this cart will last you just long enough so that the warranty runs out .
 I just got the laundry sorter two weeks ago and washed the bags and they all opened at the seam . I am so disappointed with the quality of the bags .
 i bought this for sorting laundry and hanging stuff that needed to air dry . I was VERY upset to learn how easily the bags would tear !!! All 3 bags tore after about 1 month and VERY minimal use !!! I have been letting this sit unused since then debating what to do , now that I have a sewing machine I guess i 'll just repair it .
 This item needs to be sent back or the mfg needs to send a new end piece . The holes were never drilled on one side so it can not be put together and used . Bummer since the time was set for the project and now I am paying with my time poor quality check .
 Overpricing for an item is just as negative a factor on a product as `` it brakes easily , '' and deserves to be negatively reviewed as such . Where we can find a replace for the plastic thing for joint the hanging bar for cloth ?
 I 've had this for 3 years now . Two wheels fell off :-LRB- I loved it before the wheels broke . I do n't know whether I buy this one again . After looking at a few other ones out there , this one may still be the best bet . I am just hoping the 2nd purchase will last me another 3 years .
 This duvet cover was so badly made I am sorry I spent any money on it . First of all it came to me with large white -LRB- bleached out -RRB- areas on it . Secondly it was advertised as a `` Jersey '' material , this was NOT Jersey ! I have jersey sheets that are soft and nice , this was rough and gross . I would never buy this product again . This is the second time I have had a problem with a Wamsutta product . They are very badly made and cheap quality , do not buy !
 My first issue with the Holmes HM3500 8 Gallon Console Humidifier was when it came out of the box . One of the wheels was broken , and Holmes insisted I sent them $ 17 for new ones rather than providing any sort of customer service . Amazon agreed to take it back , but until the new one ships in a month or so , I ca n't live in a house without a humidifier.My second issue occurred within a week . Suddenly , one of the two tanks lost its ability to seal , so it leaks all over the place . I would call Holmes about it , but they obviously do n't have the faintest idea what customer service means , so I 'm not going to waste my breath or my time . Simply put , with so many faulty parts , I do n't know what will happen if the unit stops working during its warranty period , but I suspect that it wo n't be pretty.The gauges on the Holmes HM3500 leave a lot to be desired , too . You ca n't set the unit to shut off at a specific humidity -LRB- like 45 % -RRB- . Instead , there 's a slider that goes from more humid to less humid , although I have n't the foggiest notion what they consider more or less humid . When it 's set in the middle , the humidity in my house registers 55 % , so I suspect that the most humid setting would turn your house into a rain forest.There 's also a gauge that tells you how clean or dirty your filter is , so you 'll know when to buy a new one . On the first day I ran the Holmes HM3500 , the filter never registered as being in `` good '' condition . Furthermore , even though I have an air purifier in my house , the filter gauge is notifying me that it 's time to change the filter after one short week of use . I realize that filters may be cheaper if you buy them from Holmes directly , but I 'm not about to replace a filter every week for as long as winter lasts , especially since I doubt the accuracy of the FilterCheck unit.As another user pointed out , the tanks on this unit are n't easy to refill either . I 've owned humidifiers prior to this , but none of their tanks or handles have been so awkward . And when you add the weight of three gallons of water , it nearly becomes impossible to maneuver them from the bathtub back to the humidifier without worrying that they 're going to slip out of your hands . Needless to say , I would not recommend this for anyone who has chronic pain , arthritis or back problems.Granted , the air in my house is more humid now , but after a week , my filter needs to be replaced , one of the wheels on the bottom of the unit is broken and one of the tanks leak . I ca n't imagine how I 'm going to feel about this unit in a month since I hate it and its manufacturer already , but I 'm hoping that the new unit wo n't be as faulty as this one .
 My wife purchased this unit recently because our livingroom felt cold in the winter and the air was much too dry . While the device actually does the work that it 's supposed to , I ca n't really recommend it , due to three issues :1 . It 's a bit noisy , being slightly louder than my propane furnace which really puts out the airflow . Maybe they do n't make a near-silent one -- I do n't know .2 . This unit occassionally makes a weird gurgling noise , a sound that exactly emulates one of my many cats when they throw up their breakfast or supper . Not a huge problem but , in my feline circumstance , distracting .3 . My biggest issue is that this thing is a pain in the butt to put water in . You have to take out this large , cumbersome plastic container and fill it at the sink -LRB- or better , at the bathtub since it 's so unnecessarily tall -RRB- . It wo n't sit flat -LRB- the bottom is strangely configured -RRB- so you have to stand there and hold it in place as it fills and gets heavy.This last design flaw could have been easily averted if they had simply provided a lid with a tank , like a Mr. Coffee coffeemaker has , and you could then bring water in a small bucket TO the unit . This would have made infinitely more sense.But now I own it so I 'm stuck with this gurgling juggernaut for awhile . I recommend that you look at alternative manufacturers if you are in need of a large dehumidifier .
 This product is not worth the money . It worked great the first year but now will not wick . It just blows dry air around . I have cleaned it as directed and changed filters . It has a great warranty but when I called and asked to get a replacement through Holmes , I ca n't get one until sometime next spring . Why can Amazon and other retailers get them ? Oh well , will look for some other brand now .
 I 've had many Holmes humidifiers . I only had mine since Dec 14 and need a filter already . I have soften water and STILL use additives to the water every night . After doing my research about filters , I 'll never buy Holmes brand again ! Honeywell has a filter that is far better quality . Thank for placing your input her it really helps . Ho ! Yes it does sound like my cat is sick when it drops more water !!!!
 I came here to read reviews because I just filled this one with water I think for the last time -LRB- I have to run upstairs and check if it is leaking -RRB- . Rubber gaskets on tank covers just crumbled and it does not stop water from flowing continusly . One is still working and somehow plyable , so maybe it will work for a few hours , but definitely I will not leave it overnight . Had to empty one tank to prevent overflowing . It is my second winter of using it.I have had humidifiers in my home for over 15 years now , and find Bionaire used to be the best . I say used to , because they do not make the models I used to love any longer.Giving it 2 stars since it lasted for two seasons unlike others that had to be replaced every winter.It is noisy , very awkward to fill with water , cheap plastic with sharp edges . Not to mention terrible filter .
 I used this humidifier throughout the winter season and today I threw it away . The wheels were very cheap and fell off many times . The filters/wicks last anywhere from a week to 20 days . You have to add Anti-bacterial and Anti-scale solution to the water every time you fill the tank . If you do n't , you 'll have a foul stink in a matter of days.I 've switched to a smaller ultrasonic version . So far I 'm much happier with the results . This Holmes model sucks ! It requires way too much maintenance and the cost for filters and water treatment is ridiculous .
 The humidifier works great but filters only last about a week or two , thenit just blows cold air . I think companies in America need to go back to the old idea of making quality products that last and distance themselves from the poor quality and greed that is killing our country .
 The poorly balanced fan motors in this unit cause it to vibrate , shake and buzz to the point where it is useless at any speed above the lowest setting . Even then it causes a buzz that resonates through the floors and walls of the house . E-mails to the manufacturer have gone unanswered.Other poor design features : - the unit does not shut off when the tanks are empty so it continues to waste electricity until you notice that they are empty - it becomes confused when on the automatic settings . If you set it at 40 % humidity , for example , it will repeatedly turn on and off as it approaches that humidity levelIt does work , however , in that it is effective at adding humidity to the air . On the low setting -LRB- again , due to the noise and vibration I ca n't use medium or high settings -RRB- I need to fill it daily which means it 's pumping a decent amount of moisture into the air . There are many other brands that do it much better , though.I use the unit on the first floor of my home . On the second floor I have an Emerson 13-gallon unit which is a far better design and does not have any of the aforementioned flaws .
 Holmes usually does a nice job with their humidifyers . This one is the anomole . It 's the worst . Because it has two fans , instead of the one fan 10-gallon HM3665-U , at medium or high speed the fans start an acoustic war between each other . This results in an absolutely intolerable vibration that you can not suppress or control . I work in a sound proof sound studio at my job , and I 'm getting complaints from people who can hear it right through the walls!TAKE A PASS ON THIS ONE . They 've got some bugs to work out.AND DO NOT EXPECT HOLMES CUSTOMER SERVICE TO HELP YOU WITH ONLINE ORDERS !!! They are inferior for customer service . They 'll simply put you off as long as they can until you 've hopefully forgotten about your problem , or have just given up . If you 're going to order from Holmes ... get something reliable that you wo n't have to ask for help on later.I reccommend the 10 gallon as I mentioned above .
 Thank God that I bought it at Costco and I can return it ! The box claims its 34 % quieter ! Quieter then a 747 maybe , I am very disappointed with it . It puts out a huge amount of water which is good and it looks very nice . Once you set it up and fill it its almost impossible to move since there is nothing to grab onto . All three fan speeds are very loud , there is no way I can listen to the TV with this thing running . It also transmits a vibration into the floor which made our cast iron propane stove buzz . The unit also makes a buzzing sound from time to time due to plastic parts vibrating against each other . I have a small humidifier that works well and I will now buy more small units since the larger ones seem to be made cheaply or poorly designed . I also returned a Bemis whole house unit that was quiet but did n't fit together well and it took 10 minutes to put the top on since it was warped when it was molded . I 'm willing to spend more money if neccessary if I thought I could get something decent . This unit would be fine if the low fan speed was slower and if the fans were balanced better .
 I just got it in time for Christmas and had it on for 30 mins . I could n't stand the noise any more . When I just turned it on at the high setting it sounded like my expensive dryer . So I turned to the low setting but still lound enough to interfere the conversation . I will return it and get 2 or 3 warm mist humidifiers instead . The warm mist type is much quieter .
 I bought this and brought it home , set it up and turned it on . I went downstairs and thought that someone was doing constriction outside . One of the fans continually droned and vibrated ; causing so much noise I could not use it . I thought it was a fluke so I sent a message to Holmes which they did not respond to . I returned it and replaced it with another identical model . I set it up and turned it on and was satisfied . I went to bed only to wake up to it turning off and on and from high to low . I looked at the display and it was alternating from a humidity level of 40 all the way to 75 , and all numbers between . Also it was randomly cycling between all levels of power . I turned the unit off and went back to bed . To my surprise it turned itself back on and again cycled through different power levels and modes . Stay away from this model and I am not impressed with the lack of customer service from Holmes .
 I bought this humidifier about week ago and will be taking it back asap . There are two different modes
 I brought this unit and the first time I fill it with water and started it , noticing the water just keep going at a faster than expect speed ... and my floor was wet ... I thought I did not do it right and went to read more on the instruction ... I tried it again . fill with water , and just leave the unit off . 30 mins later , my floor was flooded ... half of the water gone ... I am going to return it !
 i bought two of these this summer , one broke within two months . i tried to get a replacement part from holmes but they sent me the wrong parts over and over . i have since returned the unit for a refund but have not recieved any money yet . the other unit is now acting up . save youself some trouble buy another unit .
 Bought this humidifier last winter . Worked reasonably well for 3 months before it died . However , the unit was quite noisy - it is designed in a way that boiling noise is amplified and loud enough to be disturbing when watching TV . In addition , the design results in water condensing and ending up on the floor . Thirdly , the after filling the tank , it was usually very hard to get it restarted - impossible to get the empty tank to turn off . Last , the design makes it hard to clean the heating element after a while . The element has a non-stick coating but this coating disappears over time . Can not recommend this unit!Addendum
 I did n't realize that this was made of resin instead of metal . I think it even comes with a warning not to put anything hot in it . And since it does n't come with any kind of tray to set the incense on , how can you burn incense in it ? It 's attractive enough . I just do n't like resin products .
 I 've had this blender approximately two months and have probably used it 10-15 times . The food processor is very cool in it 's operation and the blender was impressive WHEN IT WORKED . This morning , with no indication of a problem previously , it would not turn on . I called customer service and went round and round with the rep because there is no model number on the unit ! I now have to truck this thing 20 miles away to the nearest service center . I 'm guessing I 'll have to drive back to get the replacement . I would strongly recommend NOT purchasing this , unfortunately . Way too much money to spend on an appliance that dies after such a short amount of usage . I definitely regret this purchase and would not bother with the replacement if I had not paid so much for it.UPDATE
 Bottom line
 I thought I 'd spend a little extra and get something nice . I loved this unit when I bought it . It worked great for about a month , then died . It just wo n't power up . Unfortunatly , I did n't keep the box or the receipt . Oh well , live and learn . My recommendation - DO NOT BUY !!
 Machine does everything they say and more BUT replacement parts are hard to come by . Oster/Sunbeam Customer Service center is NOT helpful . We got the Oster Fusion with the food processor attachments but the blade for shredding is missing and the company has not been helpful at all . There has been no response whatsoever from the company after NUMEROUS attempts at contacting them . The machine totally died after about three months of less then average use.There are cheaper models that work almost as well but this is mighty powerful it just sucks that we are missing a vital part of the machine and it is a heck of a lot easier to grate cheese with that missing part and if the machine still worked and the warranty was honored . Save your money and buy a better model .
 I 've had it for one month and have used it 3 times . Blender worked great for the three times . The fourth times I used it with no indication of a problem previously , it would not turn on . This is very sad , to have a blender only work three times and quit . I returned it back to the store .
 I purchased one in June 2007 . By November it quit working ; it would just not turn on . I complained violently to Oster and they sent me a replacement unit and by April that unit crapped out with the same problem . I have had several Oster blenders over the years and they all have failed prematurely . Their quality is horrible and they obviously do n't care . I am sick of filling up my blender with ingredients just to turn it on to find out it wo n't work.Yea , this model was OK while it was working , but it is not worth the hassle.DO NOT BUY THIS BLENDER !
 I had an Oster beehive I used most every day for 4 years or more . When it came time to replace , and as I had such great experience with the beehive , I decided to `` upgrade '' to the Oster Fusion . I loved the unit until it quit working within a year of daily use . Since I use it everyday for smoothies , I then decided to buy the best and got a Vita-mix which I 've only had a few weeks . So far so good and it has a very long warranty , I think 5 years .
 I used it mainly for margaritas and other frozen drinks . This thing crushes ice nicely.As other reviews have said , this thing does n't last very long . Mine lasted about a year being used maybe once or twice a month .
 Hav n't used it for anything but smoothies about once a week . Something my $ 19.95 blender did fairly well for at least 6 months . Thought I would move up to something better . This was n't it ! Service centers are a couple hours away . No more Oster for me !
 I love smoothies and blended ice coffee drinks ! After my last blender blew , my husband came home with this blender . You 'd think for almost $ 80 it would work like a dream , but not at all.There is nothing to hold the jar in place in the base so it wobbles & leaks-and I dont mean a small leak , we had a fairly large leak.It blended the ice at the bottom pretty well , but none on the top was blended unless you stir it yourself . It has a reverse motor , but it only works on the pre-programmed settings and those are a joke.This is not my first blender and for the money I would have expected a lot more . I will be returning this and reading reviews before I buy anything else .
 This blender works great the first few months and then the motor just dies out.I called Oster and they were defensive and not helpful at all . After checking reviews of this blender on other sites I see this is a very common problem . I mentioned this to Oster and they denied this . My small appliance repair man said they gave up on trying to fix this Model . Do not buy The Oster Fusion blender .
 I bought this blender to replace my oster beehive which died after 3 years of use . This product claims to have an all metal drive but after 29 days of use the piece that the blade connects to on the base BROKE OFF . It was the exact same thing that happened to the beehive . Thank goodness it had n't been the next day and I would have had to eat the cost . Buy once , cry once . I got a blendtec and could n't be happier .
 Sure enough , it works great for a few months , then nothin ' . Do n't waste your money .
 Had this for almost two years now . It was used infrequently and been having problems for the last month . Something in the circuit board failed and no power is going to the motor . This just sucks since the rest of the blender is so well made . Do n't buy this product . I can only assume under heavier use it will die that much quicker .
 I have had the displeasure of having two of these blenders in my possession . The first one was used no more than 10 times when it decided it would n't turn on any more . That blender was only about 6 months old and Target allowed me to exchange the defective one for a new one . The replacement is about a year old and also has been used no more than 10 times . The last 2 or 3 times the blender worked there was a strong electrical burning smell , which I thought was the `` newness '' of the blender showing . Obviously it was in it 's death throes because these blenders are good for single digit uses . The replacement blender has failed in the same way as the first by refusing to turn on . When it works , it works fine . Just know that when you buy this blender it is a disposable item . You will pay approximately $ 10 per blend and then it will die when you 've covered your purchase price . I will never buy another Oster product again .
 After seeing the negative reviews and plus a friend just got one , worked well for a week , then KaPut ! Only then I became hesitant to buy this power house way to Exp $ $ $ blender . Oster blenders are usually durable and perform well no matter how much they are . NOT THIS ONE ! EXCELLENT SHIPPING THO ! lol that deserves A STAR ! Amazon Keep Up The Good Work !
 I bought this heater for spot heating in my attached garage . I wanted a plug in heater that was easy to assemble . The product was advertised as a corded heater including a picture of a cord . When I opened the package there was wiring , but no cord . Also the directions stated not for residential use . The inaccurate product description just was a waste of time for all concerned . I will say the third party distributor was very helpful when I returned the heater and gave me a prompt refund .
 Looked decent and the price was right so I purchased . Worked for a couple of months showing a temp between the numbers then just died . Its throwing away money unless you are looking for a product to work while traveling for a bit . Surely not built for any decent time in the cellar . Spend more and buy a real one .
 Bought 2 and both would only display the same temperature -LRB- 74 -RRB- regardless of true bottle temperature .
 took awhile to get it . . fed-ex did not bring it to my door , sat in the office for about 5 days before i got it . mark was nice at christmas central . he wanted to make things right . will see in the furure . . have not opened it up yet so i ca n't give you a rating yet.you have to open it in 48 hours . i did not get it for days ...
 Too messy to deal with very often ! Does n't give that flow of steam that they show on TV -- disappointed .
 They do not honor their warranty.Buy a steam shark from costco . Broke within 7 months and they would not offer to make it right.They wanted me to pay 30.00 to ship it to canada and then they would determine if it was broke . I know when it is not working -LRB- 2nd steam mop -RRB- first mop lasted 7 years . I picked up the Steam Shark at Costco.I will open the Mop and try to fix it myself before I send it away just to be told that ...
 This steamer is the worst !! It was really hard to push around and it left a lot of water on the floor . Then it totally fell apart after using it about 5 times . Total waste of money !!
 Very disappointed with this product . You have to keep pressing down the switch button as you mop , very inconvenient and . Water tank is extremely hard to remove and replace . Cleaning result not impressive . Have to return the product back to Amazon . Return process was easy and refund was given right away . The Thane H2O Steam Mop is a better choice .
 This product can not generate steam . The water cools the coils too fast and simply runs out on to the floor . If you like tepid water on your floors and carpets , this is the steam mop for you . If you want a mop the generates steam , stay away from this product . I see that they have raised the price since I bought mine . Now the product is $ 50.00 worse than before ! And do not expect any instructions with the unit . It comes with no instructions and a terrible guarantee . Yes , I got taken .
 I was not too pleased with the product . It left the floor very wet . I hesitate to use it on a wood floor
 ordered mop thru Allergy Be Gone . Despite promised delivery of a few weeks , product was never received . Did receive an email from Amazon advising me of late shipment with a suggestion to contact the seller directly . I did this and was promised a tracking number for the shipment shortly . The next day I received a second email from Amazon advising me that the order had been cancelled . When I contacted the seller directly to inquire why my order was cancelled rather than backordered , I was told that Amazon had cancelled the order . When I tried to repurchase the item I found that the price had now been increased from the $ 89 I had ordered it at to a new price of $ 149 . And although the seller asserts thru Amazon that it was in stock , it was not . Worst internet buying experience I have ever had . Stay away from Allergy Be Gone .
 I just saw this mop on the channel 16 News station on 12/7/07A woman bought this mop and was so disappointed she called the news station and it does not do the job the ad show 's , so buyers beware !!! PattiWillaimsport , Pa
 From all that I have read about the Reliable T1 Steamboy ... . it sounds like a fantastic product ... . unfortunately , even though I ordered it from Allergy Be Gone on February 25 ... I STILL HAVE NOT RECEIVED IT . Oh they informed me and apologized that it was out of stock ... they even gave me a new ETA for delivery ... that date has passed and still not Floor Mop . On March 13 after I contacted them . . they said they were expecting shipment from the manufacturer in early April . It is now April 22 , I have not heard from them and still no Floor Mop . I do n't want to cancel my order because I ordered it at a good price and I really think -LRB- from what I have read -RRB- that it is an excellent product . MY LOW RATING HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH THE RELIABLE T1 STEAMBOY ... IT IS THE UNRELIABLE ALLERGY BE GONE VENDOR . I understand it is not their fault ... but it is not mine ... . they are not keeping me updated and made no offer to ship the mop via overnight at their cost -LRB- when it arrives in stock -RRB- . Based on how long I am waiting ... . they should ship the mop at no cost to me at all .
 I 'm very surprised to see so many positive reviews for this prouct . The cloth bonnet constantly falls off and there is an anooying string with a hard plastic ball on the end of it that drags along the floor and potentially could scratch your wood floors . After wasting 20 minutes trying to clean an 8 ' X 8 ' area , I shut the unit off and got myself a wet mop and finished the rest of my house the old fashioned way . Do not believe this company 's claim that this product is a time/labor saver . I find it ironic that the manufacturer is named `` Reliable '' . I hope the next person who uses my unit has as much fun with it as I did . They can pick it up in front of my house on garbage night .
 Received in July . It is now September . Product was used carefully and GENTLY approximately four times . Plastic on head has deteriorated and become hard , interior pieces as well as exterior pieces broken . Product not repairable or usable.Would NOT buy again .
 I loved this steam mop , but it wo n't last more than a year . I bought a second one and it lasted less than a year . Also , the cord is really short so I have to do one room is two sections .
 The Steam Boy cleans well however , the product is heavy and hard to maneuver on tile floors . The fiber mop cover gets wet from steam and develops a suction like adhearance to the floor . The cord is too short -LRB- must use an extension -RRB- and the mop head is floppy . Directing it to a specific area -LRB- i.e. , under cabinets , around toilets -RRB- is difficult . I bought this 2 years ago and there may have been some improvements since then . If not , another drawback is that the mop can not be turned off without unplugging it . It will discolor your tile if you let it rest in an area while it is plugged in .
 I used this mop 2 dozen times and under normal use the swivel head collapsed and cracked apart . It is out of warranty . I called Reliable . A new part plus shipping is almost half the cost of an entire new unit . This is not a well built product . Choose something else .
 The television infomercial made this device look like it would work well on carpets . It helped mildly with the pet odor , but I had to go back over the carpet with a dry towel . The steam does last for a long time and this does tile & vinyl floors well . I use old towels clipped around the base after I have used the two covers that come with the product .
 -LRB- update
 I had very high hopes for this product and I have been very disapointed.I could achieve similar results by pouring out a bucket of hot water on my floor and wrapping towels around my feet to move the water around . I can only assume that something is not functioning correctly and there is too much water too fast . The `` tank '' is supposed to last 20 minutes -LRB- according to the instruction book - 30 min according to the Reliable website -RRB- - mine was empty within 10 . In addition , there was more steam coming out of the swivel head connection than the bottom of the mop.I read the assembly instructions carefully and I am confident that it was assembled properly -LRB- even let my husband double check ! ;--RRB- -RRB- The short troubleshooting guide mentions nothing about my two issues 1 -RRB- too much water on the floor 2 -RRB- steam coming from the swivel head more than the floorI contacted Reliables technical support group and received a call back telling me that I should not be holding down the trigger continuously but just hold it until the steam starts and then stop and hit it again when I need more steam . While this definitely cut down on the water I fail to see how this can be classified as a steam cleaning of the floor . As soon as I release the trigger the steam stops . So , instead of steam cleaning my floor , I get a burst of steam followed by wiping the floor with a damp , hot cloth . I hit the trigger again , burst of steam , let go , steam immediately stops , push the floor mop around hoping that the damp , hot cloth is actually doing anything to effectively clean my kitchen floor let alone `` Sanitizing `` The description on the website says '' 30 minutes CONTINUOUS steam '' - The instruction manual mentions nothing about clicking the trigger on until steam starts and then letting go . It says to hold down the trigger over the area you want clean - I assume this means continuously as I would like my entire kitchen floor clean!I contacted the technical support again explaining that I was still unhappy and either wanted verification that my unit is defective and be sent a replacement or if it is working properly to send me instructions on how to get a refund . It has been almost two weeks and have not heard back anything . I just resent the email to their customer service department and hope to get an acceptable solution to this.I noticed in the forums that there have been other customers who also had `` leak '' issues . I THINK mine is defective but I can not recommend this product in any way given how it has performed as well as the lack of quality , fast customer service and resolution to product problems.If I am told by Reliable that my unit is defective and I am sent one that performs better , I would gladly update this review.This is the first time I have ever written a product review - I must be pretty `` steamed '' ; - -RRB-
 I have had numerous problems with this steamboy . The plug has broken two times and my last problem involved an electrical fire where the cord attaches to the machine body . Apparently , as I was told by Steamboy , all the back and forth movement will cause the wire to become detached and this is why an electrical fire occurred . Because my machine is out of warrantly -LRB- one year -RRB- they will not replace the machine . Customer service is sorely lacking from this company . I will buy a product made by a different company as I now must replace this unit .
 One star is too much for this thing . This is advertised as easy to move across the floor but they accomplish this by making the mop pads thinner . Because of this , they get saturated quickly and the floors take a lot longer to dry . Get the Bissell Steam Mop -LRB- If you can find them -RRB- My first one lasted 5-6 years before it stopped working and I had to try something else . The pads are much thicker and more of a terry cloth material . The floors dry much quicker and I ca n't tell the difference between the two as far as requiring less effort . Returned this one after 1 use because I knew there was a better product out there .
 This product does not perform like it states in the detailed description . It does not continue to steam for 30 minutes on its own , you have to hold the buttom . It also is heavy to push around . I purchased this for my mother to replace the Shark Steam Mop which was hard to push around and clogged , and this product is not much better .
 After researching steam mops on the internet I decided on the steamboy , -LRB- ya never know whats good out there because of so many positive & negative remarks on the same product -RRB- Well I just got my steamboy , could n't wait to use it . So after putting it together which was easy , I filled it up and started cleaning my kitchen floor . I found that it was quite hard to push around , whenever I pulled it backwards towards me , the front end kept lifting off of the floor , so I ended up having to use it with the head swiveled to the side . Also I kept waiting to see some steam coming out , never did see it but I could hear it , and the floor did come clean , but it left it quite wet . The covers do not fit tight enough as it kept moving back & fourth as I moped , and I pulled the string to tighten it as hard as I could get it to go . I ended up using 2 covers to steam my floor and 1 cover to wipe up most of the water it left . All in all I ended up with a clean floor & a bad back ache . Think I 'll send this back and try the shark .
 I initially gave this a positive review on Amazon but I must retract it . I purchased the Steamboy in June of '07 and several months ago it broke . The bottom plastic triangle part where the screws attach shattered . I do n't think that the plastic was made to withstand the heat that the mop produces and broke after about 21/2 years of using it . I do n't think this is acceptable for the price of the product ! Also I found the length of the cord to be an annoyance . I was n't able to get very far in cleaning until I had to unplug and move it and then wait for it to be ready to steam again . I recently bought the Shark steam mop and have been happy with it . I would never buy another Steamboy , the concept was a good one but the product quality is shabby and there are better products out there . This one is not Reliable like the name says ! Please do n't waste your money .
 This product is difficult to put together and is very hard to push around to clean a floor . In order to make it easier to use you have to use a lot of water and it takes forever to dry . No instructions on how to use on a carpet even though there is a `` carpet attachment '' . Would never use on a carpet because of the water needed . Very disappointed in this product .
 reliable steam boy.leaks badly . Has parts that are not well described in instructions.would suggest that you pass it by .
 For the amount of money I paid for this `` mop , '' I was taken to the cleaners . I also can not believe all the positive reviews here . I thought it was something I was or was not doing that caused me to have such poor results trying to mop my floors . First of all , the design of the pad is such that it will NOT stay put on the mophead no matter how much you adjust or tighten it . Then the steam ended up as hot water all over my floors , which I had to carefully soak up because it left water puddles that took forever to dry without assistance . I finally gave up using the pads and wrapped a towel around the head using safety pins to secure the towel ! Using this mop has been the worst mopping experience of my life . After reading the other negative reviews , I see it 's hopeless and will take it to the Goodwill or Salvation Army and hope that someone may be as thrilled with it as all the `` alleged '' satisfied reviewers , since I paid too much for it to dump it in the dumpster where it rightfully belongs . Between trying to keep it steaming and trying to keep the pad/towel from slipping off making an even bigger mess , I spent much more time wrestling with this than I did with a regular mop and bucket . One reviewer posted that it was `` lightweight . '' That was not true in my case . It was very heavy and cumbersome to push around . I wish I had returned it sooner instead of hoping it would get better . An expensive ripoff .
 This steamer/mop leaves a lot of water on the floor without actually cleaning the floor . In retrospect I should not have expected steam to clean a floor .
 I have never written a review of anything that I have purchased . So this is a first for me . This steam boy is the worst cleaner machine I have ever used . All it does is spread water on the floor and smear anything that is on the floor . It leaves marks all over and is hard to push . Maybe I am doing something wrong , but I do n't plan on using it again . Yuck !!
 This thing is nothing but a toy . Steam cleaning is a good idea but this product leaks water all over . Dont recommend this product to anyone . Maybe good gift for neighbors you hate.lol .
 This steam cleaner is worthless!Save your money for a more expensive model that really works . Gives off little puffs of steam . Works for 20 min tops then stops working . Sent it back to the manufacturer and they say it works just the way it is designed to . AND it only took 3 WEEKS for them to figure that out before returning it to me !!! Bottom line ... Product is terrible as is the company that services it !
 I am not pleased with the performance of this product . I have tried on three different occasions to use it . It never produces steam , only leaks very hot water which soaks my floor . I have followed the instructions very carefully and it still only produces hot water onto the pad but not steam . I am disappointed in this product , and I wish there was some way to receive a refund on this useless mop .
 The SteamBoy is a flop ! Each time I 've used it , puddles end up on the floor . I have to sop them up with paper towels . I am going to toss this product in the nearest dumpster I can find !
 This thing is terrible . Barely no steam , the mop head cover keeps coming off -LRB- no matter how much I tried to tighten it -RRB- and the cord is super short . I returned it the NEXT DAY !
 In theory this is a great idea however the pad that you use to put over the plastic head of the mop gets saturated almost immediately by the steam . You are then simply pushing a dirty wet cloth over the rest of the floor . After 5 or so careful uses of this mop it now leaks and is essentially worthless . Do n't waste your money .
 I was all excited to get this , thinking how easy my life would be if I could just mop my kitchen floor any old time . However , it turns out this products is very heavy to push , and you ca n't really use a back and forth motion cuz the cover will fall off . It falls of very easily , actually . Very frustrating . I also do n't think it does such a great job of cleaning -- give me my mop and Brite any day over this !
 This steam mop is useless ! It leaks all over and leaves floors soaked . You can not use it on hardwood because of how much water it makes . The steam comes out of just one jet so it does nothing . It does not even get the whole pad hot barely warm on the outside so there is no way it sanitizes anything . You might as well put hot water in a bucket and use a mop that is about how well this sanitizes . It is only hot in the middle where the jet is which is about 2 '' area . This is just ridiculous . The jets need to be all over the area and more than one . So the stated temperature is not true it does not reach that . I measured steam temp not even close to stated temp . So other steam cleaners that are 212F are probably better at sanitizing if they have multiple jets spread around the whole surface of the head of the steamer .
 Swivel head collapsed and cracked apart after very light use . Quote of replacement parts and shipping from manufacturer costs half of new product . Quality is n't there .
 I really , really wanted to love this steam cleaner . I tried to overlook the annoying flaws like the fact that it falls over all the time , the water compartment leaks , and the cord does n't hook onto itself . I wanted to proof my family wrong . They all said it looked like another stupid , gimmicky product , and they were right . The idea of steam cleaning is great , but this product is a huge letdown . It leaves far too much water behind and you still have to get down on your hands and knees to scrub any time you have anything substantial on the floor . I am fairly tall and the steam cleaner hurts my back after just mopping our small kitchen . I find I have to lift the product up and drag it towards me in order to not leave a trail of dirt . And all the hoopla about getting into corners and tight spaces , well forget it . Get your sponge out , there is n't any real improvement there over a mop . In the end the quantity of flaws make me wish I had saved the money .
 I ordered the Reliable Steamboy about 6 weeks ago from Allergy Be Gone , it never showed.I contacted them , they did n't have any in stock -LRB- oversold by 100 pieces -RRB- and would n't for several weeks - but were still selling it on Amazon.I left negative feedback for them -LRB- do n't sell me something you do n't have -RRB- - which Allergy Be Gone begged me to remove . They offered to refund my shipping , and overnight the steamer for delivery on 4/2/07 . I understand small business , I agreed , and as a nice gesture removed the negative marks.It is 4/6/07 , I still have not received the steamer , shipping reimb , and the seller is n't responding to contact . Did I note that they are selling it on Amazon for $ 149 , and alternatingly $ 89.00 ? My thinking is that this is probably a really great steamer , but I would definately buy it somewhere else.Best , JM
 This mop will leave a wet mess.Unless you 're looking for a wet mop -LRB- sure you can find one less expensive than this -RRB- , do n't waste your time and money on this product.I received this as a wedding gift from bed bath and beyond ... -LRB- by the way , it took almost a month to receive -RRB- , I 'm going to return it for store credit ...
 I just recently -LRB- less than a week ago -RRB- bought the same EXACT product for only $ 89 ! I was completely surprised to see that the price has gone up to $ 299 .
 Upon using the steam mop a few times , it began to leak . Tried everything to no avail so I emailed Reliable to which I could not get them to respond . So my steam mop still does not work well and there is no way to fix it . Waste of $ 100.00 .
 The Steamboy T1 is useless . First , it will not slide across the floor until the pads become really wet , and then the pads keep slipping off no matter how much I try to tighten them . It also does not clean as the ads say it will . I would have returned it for refund , but my husband threw the receipt away , so it sits in a corner of a closet . Big mistake !
 I bought this to steam clean my new hardwood floors . It heats up fast , but the floor quickly becomes a wet mess . It cleans no better than a regular mop , yet leaves floors very wet . As a second , chance , I let me cleaning lady use it while I was gone and asked her to give me an honest review . She said `` Return it . It leaves the floor way too wet . '' Sent it back to Amazon , awaiting my refund .
 I love the idea of this product . I have used to once , and was not happy with it 's performance , I found is messy to use . And plan on returning it .
 I 've been searching for the last 2.5 years for a decent mopping method for my mostly tile floors . I have off white tile with light gray grout . In the heavy traffic areas , the grout is now almost black from dirt . I 've tried Swiffer , Magic Eraser , Method Mop ... they all picked up most of the dirt , but left a ton of dirt in the grout lines and also left speckles of dirty formula on the tiles . Nothing seemed to work well.I did a lot of research on steam mops and based on reviews here on Amazon , I bought this Reliable Steamboy model . I 've been using it for a month now and I have to give it a very enthusiastic review . It works REALLY well !! I 'm so pleased with the results , I had to post a review.I took the advice of others and bought extra mop pads -LRB- a 3 pack -RRB- , and it comes with 2 . Today I used all 5 pads in mopping about 1600 sq feet ... granted I had taken a grout brush , got down on the floor and scrubbed the really dark grout lines with Simple Green , then mopped with the Steamboy . The heavy traffic areas where I did this are now almost as light as the original light gray . The other areas mopped up easily and were left sparkling clean . I steamed the spotted areas and concentrated on the troubled spots around floor boards ... all came out very clean , very easily.When the pads get too soaked , you end up leaving dirty streaks as you mop , so I just changed pads and continued on . Have had no issues with leaking or excessive water ... I simply press the steam trigger once for every 3-4 swipes or if there is particularly dirty spot.Overall I HIGHLY recommend this product !! ** UPDATED *** I 've now had this mop for several months and am still loving it . Just the steamed water is enough for general cleaning , even in the bathrooms and kitchen . No need to scrub unless I get weirded out by the grout lines again . :-RRB- *** UPDATED AGAIN **** I 'm sorry to report my mop has stopped working after 15 months of use ... of course , just 3 months out of the warranty period . It is heating up -LRB- the unit is getting hot -RRB- , but the steam is not squirting out ... I believe the one jet is clogged !! Put a brand new water filter in just in case it was not filtering properly , but no go !! I expect a $ 100 product to work more than 15 months !!! Lowering to one star for poor quality . I can not be more disappointed .
 Good and sturdy , but they give you NO WHEELS !! Furthermore , they do not have any wheels sold separately that you can buy , once you make the mistake of buying the thing ! Be prepared to mar up and destroy your floor I guess , or be prepared to pack it all up with shipping tape and send it back ! No wheels with 4 shelves that hold 300 lbs apiece ??? Hellllooooowwww ! What is the manufacturer thinking by not allowing customers to have any wheels ??? Even drooling neanderthals knew that the wheel was a good thing ! You would think we would do the same .
 Item came with package open . The company had secured all pieces with nylon ties , tape and plastic bags so nothing was lost.Once corner posts are secure and the customer slips the black plastic into place -LRB- used to hold the shelf in place -RRB- these plastic pieces do not stay in place making it difficult to level the shelves .
 I bought this board for 20 dollars . I have had it for maybe 7 months , less than a year . Within 4 months the board started coming apart , my wife made a comment how she wished that we had a smaller board to do smaller jobs with ; well within that month the board broke apart and I told her , well there is your smaller board . I am not too impressed with it now as obvious as it is , now I am in the process of looking for another board , but I am not sure if I will stick with bamboo or not because of the extra care needed for bamboo .
 The cutting board warped so you could not cut on it without it rocking . Them it broke in half . We purchased the large cutting board from the same company , it is great . Stay away from this one .
 this hose is not compatable with the olympian 5500 rv grill . The quick disconnect fittings are not the same size .
 I bought two of their other endgrain cutting boards and both bowed and cracked in under a month of use . The second of the two boards was oiled 3 times in that one month period and still cracked and bowed . Bamboo also stains much faster than traditional cutting boards do.STAY AWAY !
 I ordered this board after reading a recommendation in Cooks Illustrated . It is a nice , heavy weight , with beautiful color variations and the end grain pattern . BUT ... I 've only had it for three weeks , and it is already splitting ! I replaced a straight grain board with this one because end grain is n't supposed to split . Well , it does.I guess if you wanted to leave it on a shelf or otherwise use it as decoration , this board would be fine . If , however , you actually CUT on your cutting board , avoid this one . Choose one of the new composite boards instead . What they lack in esthetics they make up for in functionality - they even go in the dishwasher !
 I bought two of these items . One of them is not able to play the CD and the other one makes loud ticking noise while playing CD . I am going to return this product .
 It did not work . I did n't like it at all . I was very disappointed .
 This clock is terrible ... time is fast ... 1/2 an hour per week ... terrible . I would never recommend this product to anyone ... just a wast of money !
 I bought this specifically because the description said that it was a black fridge . Turns out , it 's white . And pretty small I might add . If you want to keep a can of soda and a sandwhich in there then it 's probably OK for you , but anything more and I imagine it would all just fall out whenever you open the door .
 It looks nice , assembles quickly , and for low weight uses -LRB- toiletries , shoes , kitchen items -RRB- this shelf will probably do fine , but I bought it as a desktop computer stand and it is too weak for that or any other heavy objects.If you put any significant weight on it , you will see the metal start to bow immediately . When placed on the shelf , my computer will rock back and forth after a light touch . The computer is nowhere near the stated 200 lbs . load capacity , and even just pressing down with my hands made the sides of the shelf start to bow . While the flex in the metal will decrease noise due to vibration I 'm going to find a stronger replacement and move this to a closet or something ...
 The design of this shelf does not allow for a stable surface . Locking the legs of the shelf is supposed to be accomplished through plastic sleeves that slip over the metal legs . It simply does n't work well and the shelf is wobbly .
 this `` stackable '' shelving is overall rather disappointing . it is constructed of very thin gauge wire , and surprisingly is very light weight shelving . do not expect to store any objects weighing substantially more than pillows or comforters . while this is advertised as suitable for `` garage '' storage , there is little - if anything - in my garages that could be stored on these units . compared to prior , similar wire shelving , these are dramatically light weight and unsuitable for general storage .
 I bought this shelf as a cheap shelf to use in my linen closet to hold up laundry items . The way you hold up the shelf is with two shell like things that you snap together at the right height . As you might guess getting the right height on all four is hard . If the shelf is slightly off balance it collapses ... I guess you could use it if you were precise about the height and were only storing light things but I am currently looking for a replacement . This shelf fell apart repeatedly with all my laundry items on it . I really like Seville Classics Resin-Wood Composite Utility Shoe Rack instead.I used it as a replacement for this Whitmor shelf and only used the top shelf . It is super sturdy , a bit higher than I would like and higher than the Seville but at least things wo n't fall down and spill everywhere .
 I ordered two of these and there were parts missing out of one . The product itself would have been fine for what I had intended to use it for had I been able to use it :-LRB- sad with purchase .
 The teeth on these cookie paddles broke after less than 1 year of use . Not impressed with the quality of this product .
 I love my universal bosch mixer but was disappointed in the plastic paddles at the get go . I have only used them a handful of times since I purchased the mixer mainly for large batches of bread . While mixing up a large batch of cookie dough , my paddles broke as the butter was too cold . In retrospect , I should have waited on the butter or softened it in the microwave . Oh well , I did n't and three of the plastic pieces broke off in the dough and I had to choose to either throw out the batch or sift through the dough to locate the pieces so someone did n't get them in a cookie . What a mess ! It would be much better if they were made from metal or ceramics as other mixture paddles . A design flaw in my opinion .
 I have had my cookie paddles for over a year . They do n't make the cookies taste any better.I do not use them frequently , but the inside teeth , on both paddles , that fasten them to the driver have broken . The manufacturer is sending me a new set.Be sure that you do not interchange the plastic driver for the whisks with the metal one when using the paddles.I am pleased with my mixer and the company , but I would n't buy the cookie paddles again ; the bread hook makes fine cookies .
 I received the board with the same part number . Unfortunately , it measures 13 `` x7 .5 '' , well off from the claimed size of `` 16.8 x 9.2 x 1 inches '' .
 Not what I though I was ordering . This product was manufactured in Colombia rather than England . Several pieces were broken . Amazon completely and quickly took care of my order and the problems that I was having .
 Eagerly awaited receipt of my first bamboo cutting board . Did my homework and found the perfect size and shape for my needs . It was a little pricey -LRB- about $ 10 more than it is now -RRB- but I figured it was a worthwile investment . Well forget that ! Less than 6 mos later it has a big lengthwise split in it . What a disappointment !
 Totally Bamboo Kalahari Parquet End Grain Cutting Board can be destructive for some knives . I had purchased a chef 's knife made with SG2 steel and wanted a board that would protect the edge . A bit about the knife in question . SG2 steel is one of the newer `` super steels '' . It 's claim to fame is that it will hold its sharp edge longer than a more common steel . But to do this most all steels move toward the `` brittle '' end of steel characteristics . I thought that if end grain maple will take good care of a knife , then end grain bamboo would too . Maybe . But it appears the problem is the glue which holds the individual blocks of wood together is hard enough to cause chipping of the knife 's edge . Understand that if one is using a more ordinary kitchen knife it may well be that a softer steel -LRB- not so brittle , but not holding its edge as long -RRB- would not chip out when used on this board.I replace it with a Sani-Tuff . Not so pretty , but it does take care of my blades .
 I bought two of their other endgrain cutting boards and both bowed and cracked in under a month of use . The second of the two boards was oiled 3 times in that one month period and still cracked and bowed . Bamboo also stains much faster than traditional cutting boards do.STAY AWAY !
 This is a '' only for looks '' item . It is not very warm . I put this as a decorative piece over my feather blanket . It does have some discoloration . It looks like it has sat in the sun for a while . The upc regular price is $ 99.99 not $ 150.00 as stated . It does come with flyaways that need to be trimmed . Do not pull them the material on top is nice loking but will tear or fray if pulled . I doubt this will make it out of the washer ... Much less the dryer . Becareful with the bed skirt it is so thin it needs to be placed in place do not pull it or you will tear it in half . Also you will need to order the next size or bigger . The Californis King I ordered barely fits over the top of my full size bed . This is not children friendly . It is a nice to look at set but needs to be handled with care . The pillow shams are nice .
 I bought this and the colors are much golder than expected . In dim light it looks bronze/brown . Also , the material patches between the silk started ripping only 1 month later , before i had even washed it.Not good quality even for 40 bucks .
 This shoe rack seemed just what I was looking for , but I am so disappointed with it . The top tier keeps sliding down , and the rod in the middle is wobbly , it just wo n't stand up straight . I tried fixing it , but it just can not hold up to the weight of the shoes . I saw reviews for this product on different site , other people had the same problem . I did n't find anyone who were happy with it . I am now looking for a different way to store my shoes .
 This shoe rack is deficient in every way possible . Every welding joint is weak and some were broken out of the box . After normal handling of the product all but one welding joint has broken . The top handle also broke after normal handling and now the rack is more inclined to serve as a method of impaling the next person to trip over it . Each shoe `` level '' is for too loose for the rod that they rest on and each level requires you to balance the weight of shoes evenly in order to prevent having shoes fall off the rack . Whoever sent this thing into production should be ashamed of themselves . What a piece of junk
 I used this once a day , every day for 2 months to crush 1.5 trays of ice cubes . Worked great at first . Quieter than I expected based on other reviews . After a week , crushing took a lot longer . I believe the blades dulled quickly . You need to hold the crusher while in action . It thrashes the ice around violently and can work itself off the counter if not held down . If seldom used , it might be more practical , but for steady use , it is pretty lame . Cheaply built . Wears out fast .
 I have had this ice crusher for about 8 months . I am not impressed . It puts out rather course ice chips even if I use the ice machine in my refridgerator first to break down the cubes . The underpowered motor often stops if you feed the machine even a little bit fast with chipped ice . The design is nice and it is quite easy to use , but this does not do you much good if it jams and gives you rather poor crushed ice . You can only make enough ice for about 1 drink , so it is not good for a birthday party etc with more than 3-4 people . It appears to me that you can get a better unit for less money or you can get a really good crusher/shaver for another 25 to 75 bucks.BTW
 I ordered this vacuum from totalvac and on the page there it is advertised to come with the mini turbine head , bare floor tool , extra filter , and 10 yr warranty . It does n't come with any and they are impossible to deal with or get ahold of . The first one was broken and missing parts and we sent it back and spoke to the lady in returns and told her the problem , so we received the 2nd one and once again missing everything . We will be sending this back for a refund and buy one from somewhere else . Be careful what you buy from this company , they have false advertisement .
 I see the price has gone up ! I got a total lemon at 100 dollars less ! I returned this vacuum the same day . I own another dyson . A DC14 , which I have owned for 3 years and absolutely LOVE . It has been banged into things , sucked up toys and still performs like a new one . I love the dyson brand . This refurbished dc14 was just bad . The only suction it had was a bit from the hose/wand attatchment . When using as an upright , it was pathetic . I kept testing it against my old one , and could not believe how awful it performed . It could n't even get the dirt out of the hose and into the bin ! Dyson 's are basically like a puzzle . I have taken my old one apart to clean it and remove lodged objects . This one was not clogged , so it just had to be the motor . So many people are having no problems with theirs that it had to be my unit . Just a lemon I guess . I only buy new from now on . My old one has been well worth the money , so for an extra vacuum -LRB- I hate lugging it up and down the steps -RRB- I will fork over the extra cash . Good Luck on Yours !! Amazon seems to be quick on returns , so that 's good to know ! One more thing . These are white . . my yellow one looks like hell now , so I can not imagine what this thing would have looked like if it had worked and I had kept it for several years .
 I gave it 3 stars because I 'm not sure if it 's just my bad luck to receiving a bad `` refurbished '' unit . The unit makes loud grinding noise and I do n't have high carpets , they 're more like short area rugs.I had called Dyson twice regarding the issue . Contrary to what others said about their customer service , I had pretty good experience with the dyson customer service . But the problem still persist and I ended up returning the unit to Amazon .
 The Dyson Vacum when it worked was wonderful . I love all the features , it picks up great . Sometimes its hard to push on certain types of carpets because while it automatically adjust , it would be better to be able to manually adjust . The reason i gave this one such a low rating was because in the end I returned it , it kept shutting off due to over heating .
 It 's Plastic so the crappy L shape screws can easily stip . My eight foot tree fell over spilling water and wrecking all the decorations . Like the other review I thought maybe I did n't line the tree up right but when you watch it the screws were actually falling out because the threads on the base are thin and PLASTIC . Also I did ` nt overtighten . I guess this stand would be good for a very small tree . They should put some sort of anchors -LRB- aluminum , or stainless -RRB-
 Although the 1.6 gallon water capacity is an improvement over similar stands , the area you pour the water into -- this thing 's most touted feature -- is a joke . It is nearly flat , with only a small slope down into the stand . Unless you pour water extremely slowly , it splashes out and runs down the side all over the carpet or flooring beneath . Imagine pouring a jug of water onto a flat rock and you get the idea . I have completely given up even trying to use the water intake spout , and now just pour it from the other sides as you would with any other stand.The stand has two rows of 4 screws to hold the tree , or 8 total . The ends that are to be twisted are `` L '' shaped , like an Allen wrench . They are difficult and sometimes impossible to twist into the stand without using a pair of pliers . There is a cheap plastic handle provided you can slide over the L , which offers very little additional comfort or leverage . And since there is only one of these , you have to keep removing it and moving it to other screws to evenly adjust it.Not worth the additional cost over other large capacity stands . Save your money .
 This stand claims to be rated for 10 ' trees , but I do n't see how unless your tree is extremely straight and skinny . I have a 7 ' fat tree that has fallen over twice . The first time it fell I thought it was because I did n't balance the tree right or tighten the screws enough . After the second time it fell I realized that the plastic itself was flexing and allowing the tree to shift . This coupled with the fact that the base on this tree stand is way too narrow makes for a bad stand.Do not buy this product if you have a fat tree -LRB- I posted a picture of my tree in customer images if you want to see my fat tree before it fell -RRB- unless , of course , you like cleaning up a mixture of tree dirt , water , broken ornaments , and cellophane icicles .
 I got this stand from a major hardware store , but I 'm sure it 's the same stand . Unlike the cheap metal stands , which sometimes require some trimming of branches at the bottom to make the tree fit , this stand will hold just about any tree , which is great . However , it 's hard to water the tree , the screws strip , and your tree will come crashing down . Get yourself a cheap metal stand .
 6 '' trunk , straight 8.5 ft tree came crashing down at 3:30 AM thanks to this POS stand . The plastic cracked around one of the screw holes so we could n't even set it back up temporarily . Our tree is leaning against the wall now and we 'll be buying another stand today.While this stand looks like it would be rugged and hold a tree well , with 8 screws and a wide base , it does not . I 'm just thankful that it happened over night and not while the kids were near the tree ! What a mess of broken ornaments !
 This stand is horrible . Our tree would not stay straight and kept leaning over after making adjustment after adjustment . This morning the tree just toppled over . Put it back up , readjusted everything again , within an hour it was crooked again , then shortly after that I heard a crash and there it was on the floor again , broken ornaments everywhere.Save your money and buy something much better than this piece of trash .
 This vacuum cleaner is great in theory . In practice , it appears to have been designed by someone who has never actually had to use a vacuum cleaner under realistic conditions . My kids hate using it because it is so bulky and inflexible , even though it is substantially lighter than our previous cleaner ; often you have to vacuum over small ordinary bits of thread and lint many many times before the cleaner will grab them ... I guess it 's some consolation to know that in the meantime , it is sucking up invisible microparticles . Forget about vacuuming under furniture ever again ; the hose is held in a long inflexible cumbersome wand that prevents you from working in small spaces ; the suction causes the hose to collapse upon itself . The bagless suction is great , but it belongs in machines designed by people who have already come to grips with all the other things a decent vacuum cleaner needs to do . We would never buy one again , never recommend one , and have had frequent cause to regret this expensive purchase .
 The Dyson does a good job and people love it.HOWEVER ... This model has a design problem with the clutch , causing it to make a grinding noise at first , and quickly fail after that.My unit went through 3 clutches in just over 1 year . Dyson repaired the first 2 , but after their 6-month warranty period -LRB- beware of reconditioned units with a short warranty ! -RRB- they no longer cover repairs . I have had to pay $ 150 twice in the last 6 months for clutch replacement . The repair center says that this is very common and that Dyson no longer used this clutch in new designs . He also tried to talk me into trading the Dyson for a different brand . Given that I 'd only get $ 50 in trade-in , I declined .2 warnings : - Beware of the faulty clutch design - Keep in mind that Dyson will not honor the warranty for these reconditioned units that Amazon sells
 I was so excited for the `` deal '' I got on this reconditioned Dyson , while the Amazon customer service to get it here was just fine , when I got it and put it together and went to do vaccum - it made a horrible screeching sound and the sucking tube came loose . Every time I set it down to vaccum , it did the same thing . I called Dyson direct , and they said that because it was reconditioned there was nothing they could do or say to help.I am in the process of sending it back , which seems relatively easy , but has not yet been picked up .
 1 -RRB- The vacuum is not as light-weight as one is lead to believe if you have several stairs in your home . Lifting it every few stairs to get them all clean is a pain . If you do not have stairs in your home , this is probably no big deal .2 -RRB- You might have to consult your user 's manual several times to remember which buttons to push to release the different parts -LRB- the wand for example -RRB- . Nothing is written on the buttons to make it user-friendly . You just have to memorize all their many functions . I have a lot of trouble getting the wand to release back down after use and you ca n't just continue to vacuum with it extended because most of the suction is then coming through the wand and not the floor piece .3 -RRB- Suction is good for now but we have only had ours a few months . Time will tell if the suctions continues to be good and worth the extra money .4 -RRB- The floor piece has a raised head that makes it impossible to reach even a centimeter under a couch . Additionally , the front piece that rolls down when you begin vacuuming does not transition from hardwood to carpet . You must pick the vacuum up each time.Overall , I am not impressed enough with the ease of use of this vacuum to justify the expense of it . I am a reasonably fit person and am exhausted by the time I have finished vacuuming my house with the Dyson .
 `` Never losses suction '' Good thing because it has less suction than most vacuums that are half plugged !!! Also the head is so high that you can not reach under a kitchen cabinet . Yes , you could use that attachment but that is a real pain ! I 'll stick with Hoover and just change the bag once a month . Buyer beware !!!
 I loved my new Dyson vacuum so much that I purchased another from Amazon . I was somewhat confused with the way it was worded on the site . It stated the work `` NEW '' and I thought I purchased new until it arrived . It was a reconditioned vacuum . It was my error . However , for future reference take out the word NEW from the destription completely.DESCRIPTION ON AMAZONFactory-Reconditioned Dyson DC 14 All Floors Upright Bagless Vacuum , Steel Yellow by DysonHome & Garden
 I have had this Dyson DC14 All Floors for almost a year . This product -LRB- and possibly other Dyson models -RRB- seems to have a design flaw . Its base is too low to the ground . Specifically , a vacuum must have sufficient clearance , so that it will not trap and drag small debris that it can not pick up . Dyson has the lowest clearance of any vac one can see on store displays . Its low clearance from the floor makes it a floor wrecking machine.We moved into my brand-new house that has hardwood floors throughout . Very soon we started noticing small scratches everywhere on our wood floors . We could n't find the culprit for a few weeks , until we SAW our Dyson leave a deep , six-foot-long groove on our family room floor . I looked underneath and noticed multiple little scratches on the very bottom of the base . Clearly , that was the part that was doing the damage . The base was catching and dragging sand across the floor . The sand would scratch both the base and the floor . I contacted Dyson . They investigated the matter and said that there was nothing wrong with the machine . This is how it works . -- Whatever it does not pick up on the first pass , it will drag until the debris gets sucked in eventually or worked into the floor . The floor ends up being the victim . I urge you to judge by yourselves -- take a look at how low the base is . It should n't be so low . Most Dyson owners probably do n't have a clue the kind of damage their beloved vacuum does to the hardwood portion of their floors , because most people have little hardwood in their houses.My other issue with Dyson is that they behave like a cheap third-world manufacturer that could n't care less about its brand reputation . I contacted Dyson 's customer service for help . I sent them the vac for investigation . One look at the base reveals that there is something wrong -- there are too many scratches on the base of a vac that is only months old ! Dyson customer service reps took the easy way out -- they said Dyson was not responsible for any damage to the floors , because the scratch was made by an external object . Yes , the scratch was made by specs of sand that the vac was supposed to pick up and not catch and drag . Dah ... Now I have $ 800 worth of damage to my floors and a $ 500 vacuum that I can not use . Dyson left me out in the cold . Stay away from this brand if you have hardwood floors ! There are other manufacturers with competitive vacuum cleaners that also stand by their products .
 This is a wonderful vacuum . It picks up dirt better than any other vacuum I 've owned on ceramic tile and hardwood floors . It does carpet perfectly as well . It is very lightweight in my opinion , much lighter than my Hoover wind tunnel . I am able to vacuum the entire length of my stairs now without lugging the vacuum halfway up with me because of the easy to use , extra long hose ! It is very easy to empty the dirt canister and also very quiet ! No more missed phone calls when cleaning . I would have rated it 5 stars but there are two things that I do n't like about this vacuum . Because of the shape -LRB- height -RRB- of the `` nose '' of this vacuum , it does not fit under the toe kick area of kitchen and bathroom cabinets . This means that you have to use an attachment to clean under these areas . Also , I do n't like the weird angle of the attachment that you would use to get into corners and edges . The angle makes it all but impossible to use .
 In my past experience buying refurbished products , they 're usually as good as new . Not in this case . The first DC14 I received came in damaged , with a very important clip broken and leaving the vacuum cover loose . Amazon replaced it in a couple weeks -LRB- i had to pay out of my own pocket to send the defective one back to amazon -RRB- , but the 2nd one is worse . It is clearly used , scratches all over the plastic surface , accessories clips are broken out of the box , and the air coming out of the vacuum smelled funky ... no suprise it 's going back again . I do n't know what else to say about this vacuum , but Dyson 's factory reconditioning process should be called factory re-packing . Save yourself trouble and get a new one .
 We are disappointed with the Dyson DC14 . We fell for the enduring story of the persistent innovator and were wowed by the hand-is-faster-than-the-eye tool magician that could reconfigure the unit like a Transformer toy . We were impressed by how well it sucked up the sand on the floor in the salesroom . We even bought the $ 70 add on floor sweeper accessory.However using at our home is another story.This thing is very heavy and bulky . That makes lifting it up hard for even well-built men . Even though it rolls nicely , it 's still hard to maneuver . The big plastic head is large and does n't go under ANYTHING.It 's hard to get the pieces apart and together to use it as intended . The quality of the vacuuming is influenced a great deal by the surface . For example , it 's good on carpets with average tuft , but does n't do well on industrial , low napp carpets like those with a lot of sand and dirt in our breezeway . Also when you run off of a carpet with fringe like some of our oriental style rugs , the fringe sets up a terrifying noise in the Dyson.On the carpet settings you ca n't use it on hardwood floors and conversely . This means you have to make two passes in rooms with a rug / carpet and hardwood or other hard surface . First do the carpet , then disassemble the unit to put on the accessory head to do the hardwood.The $ 70 accessory head is very hard to attach to the main extender tube/handle . It does n't snap lock like other accessories . It 's a `` press fit '' and very hard to get on square and even , which makes the head skid at an odd angle on the floor.Taking the extender out is n't obvious . Press the big yellow button . Slide the hidden end of the flex tube out of the extender . It snaps when its on the way out . Unsnap it . Then rotate the extender 180 degrees and snap it back . Presto . It now looks like a light saber on the end of an elephants trunk.The worst thing is the flex tube . Even though it is intended to extend about 17 feet , getting it to do so is just about impossible without bolting the Dyson to the floor . The spring inside the flex tube is way too strong -LRB- for no obvious reason -RRB- . It you extend it even a little bit the vac tries to follow up . The main missing accessory for this product is a good old fashioned , fixed length -LRB- 15 ' -20 ' -RRB- flex tube so you can get to windows , doors and ceilings without having the vac chase you across the room.We do like the fact that it does n't use bags but there are many vacs around now that cost $ 100 or less that have similar technology.The Dyson must be well intended for the time the developer put into this . We just do n't think that they spend much time using their own products on a day to day basis.It 's effective but very , very inefficient . It works but is hard to use . It 's way to expensive .
 This vacuum is very very powerful and does not have a height setting ... your delicate oriental or older carpets will be damaged if you use this vacuum with the beater bar engaged . If the beater bar is not engaged , all you are getting is suction and it simply does not clean well because it is a hard wood floor setting . This vacuum badly damaged my gorgeous oriental rugs !!
 Great marketing - horrible product.The entire unit is clearly made as inexpensive as possible . Cheap plastic , very poor design - you actually push down with your foot to release the base from the handle . No suction . And I mean - NO SUCTION!I returned the unit in less than 1hr . Buy a Hoover . Good luck .
 biggest pile ive ever bought , with nonexistent customer service they should go out of business . bad service with a bad product = dont buy
 The item arrived as ordered and was shipped quickly . my only gripe is that when I buy a name brand item I expect to receive the item as advertised.Maybe it is just me but this is not what I would call an `` extra firm support '' pillow . Nice . Comfortable . But in no way would I call this extra firm . But this is what happens when you shop for mattresses and pillows . We had to go to a specialty mattress store that actually sold what was advertised unlike the department stores that have supposed `` extra firm '' mattresses until you lie on one and sink in.If you want a nice pillow this is a good choice . If you want an extra firm support pillow go somewhere for a squeeze test as you may be disapointed .
 My husband and I are mainly side sleepers , sometimes back . We have been trying different pillows bc of back & neck pain , headaches , and my sinus issues . We got these at the mall during a great sale and thought they 'd be great bc they 're the same brand as our wonderful mattress.Unfortunately no matter how we tried sleeping on them they just werent comfortable and we would toss and turn , having to constantly readjust them . We 've since tried a few more firm pillows that were varying levels of better . These were our least favorite and least supportive .
 These pillows are of very good quality , however , they are much fuller than other firm support pillows I own . They are so thick that it is hard to put my arms around it when I sleep on my side.They look nice on the bed though .
 I was extremely disappointed in this item . For a cake plate it is very small . I expected more for the brand and price .
 I got these clearanced , for a very low price . They look nice , and it 's a great concept , but they 're VERY hard to seal . They 're also very hard to unfold , I have to use both hands and apply a lot of pressure - very uncomfortable ! Also , they tend to collapse when you 're applying pressure when trying to seal them - I had a big mess of soup and a big mess of yogurt when the semi-collapsed while I was trying to fit the lid on . I am wondering if these are the reasons why they 're being clearanced in many stores ...
 This is a wonderful idea and I was very excited to get rid of the bulky tupperwear in my kitchen . However , one of the bowls came to me broken - the side connecting to the rim was not connected thus leaking contents . Also if you put it in your fridge and then put something on top of it -LRB- which always happens in my fridge -RRB- the container may partially collapse . I had soup in the bowl and it ended up collapsing on one side . It did not leak as there was extra room in the bowl , but I wonder what would have happened if the bowl was full . Ive been meaning to write the company about my defective bowl but who has time for defects ?
 I did n't have problems with lids not sealing or containers unexpectedly collapsing , but I guess I 've been spoiled by the hard , non-staining BPA containers . I had these new containers discoloring in no time at all . I was soon resigned to buying glass containers instead and after a few months since this rubbermaid vs glass experiment , I 'm glad I did .
 I thought this would be of good quality , as it is Gerber , but it lasted less than 3 minutes out of the package before the ` diamond ' coating just started flaking off in the first use . It may be able to sharpen one knife one time before it is completely useless . It is going back tomorrow .
 I bought one of these yesterday , used it on one knife , for less than one minute , and nearly all of the `` triple-coated '' diamond finish has come off of the sharpener . After a series of failures over the last couple of years by other products from this company -LRB- from machetes to folding knives -RRB- , this is decidedly the last time I will ever buy anything from this company again . And Gerber once had such a respectable name .
 This sharpener is decent , and it works , but Eze-Lap makes a better all-around sharpener . The main reason I 've kept this one is for the fishing hook sharpener , which works well on certain types of serrations . But , on the flat side of mine , the diamond plating is falling off in areas , and exposes ordinary steel . It has a smaller length sharpening rod than the Eze-lap -LRB- ~ 2.5 inches vs. 3.5 inches -RRB- , but when retracted into the handle it is overall longer than the Eze-Lap -LRB- ~ 5.5 inches vs. 4.5 inches -RRB- . The Eze-Lap is about twice as much money -LRB- about $ 7.52 more on amazon -RRB- , but it is well worth the investment as it is a much higher quality than this Gerber sharpener . Here is the link for the Eze-Lap model M.EZE-LAP M 1/4-Inch Round Diamond Sharpener with Brass Handle and Sheath
 ** DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT ** I used this diamond knife sharpener for the first time and it does n't hold up . With in a few minutes the diamond finish scrapped off . Gerber customer service sent me to a voice mail box phone number . This is yet another cheap piece of crap made in ** Communist China ** ! Gerber 's quality control and customer service sucks!My job requires me to travel a lot , and most of the time , I do n't get my mail for several months.After I opened this package , the 30 full return to amazon.com had expired . amazon.com will now only offer a partial refund.Per amazon.com - If you return this item , you will receive a partial refund according to our Returns Policy . Shipping fees will not be refunded , and you will need to pay for return shipping . ** Gerber wont pay for shipping to return and repair their faulty product , they expect me to pay more money so I can send the unit back to them to get the same faulty piece of crap back.Per Gerber 's FAQ 's website
 According to the box , the mattress should inflate in 2 minutes . I gave it over 10 minutes and it still would n't inflate completely even though it does n't seem to have a hole in it . Had I kept the pump going any longer , the battery would have died or the motor would have over-heated . Also , when considering the size make sure you factor in room for a pillow . In other words , if this is for a child who 's 45 '' tall and the mattress says it 's for upto 48 '' , do n't assume that it 's big enough . Not happy with this product at all .
 The sheet gets crumpled very fast and then it gives an impression that it is very dirty . The sheet looks great brand new but after a single wash , comes the task of ironing it or it looks wrinkled and dirty .
 Got the sheet set today and washed it . I found FOUR holes , at the size of around 1X1 mm each , on the flat sheet . It was really ulgy because the holes were around the center line of the sheet . I requested a return online just now .
 the ramekins on this are nice and stakable but the lids crack easy and strech out os they dont fit very tight . I had two of my lids crack in the first month .
 These curtain rings look very nice , and they 're inexpensive . The problem is that they do n't slide along the shower curtain rod very well at all . They come off of the rod and tangle with each other and the shower curtain .
 After pumping soap out , some additional soap ` leaks ' and ` drips ' thru the space between the spout and the space where it attaches to the container . It looks very dirty unless you 're constantly cleaning it : -LRB-
 I bought these beautiful curtain hooks to replace my old plastic rings . But I found these hooks really loose . They junp out and fall down very easily whey you pull the curtain ... turned out worse than my 1 dollar plastic ones .
 i did pay fot this and 2 more thing that i did not recive . . but my card was charged :-LRB- -LRB- i have tryed to talk and email amazon . . no luck :-LRB- -LRB- so i am out my $ $ $ $
 I love my cone vac and wanted to replace the filter . I found a filter for a great price $ 4.00 on amazon and found out they charged me over 6.00 to ship the item standard shipping ! This is a complete rip-off , the item literally weighs a few ounces and comes in a tiny box . Next time I 'll buy it in the store .
 Got the item because my Kurv filter needed to be replaced only to find out they are completely different filters , even though it says on the listing that it fits the Kurv .
 I was hesitant to throw money at a bamboo cutting board instead of a tried and true end grain chopping block especially after reading about the warping disasters some of the other reviewers had experienced . What convinced me to give it a shot was one reviewer 's comment that with proper seasoning the board was fine . Alas , this was not the case for me.I will say that the board arrived perfectly beautiful and level on day one but after seasoning it with mineral oil it had already warped by day two . The degree and nature of the warp would change from day to day , and after only two weeks the board had fully split open . I am really shocked at just how unstable this material was and would truly recommend that you look elsewhere for a reliable board .
 I ordered this cutting board when I realized how battered my old ones were and how much chopping Thanksgiiving prep entails . It arrived the day before Thanksgiving , with a big crrack in it . This was disappointing , because it was quite nice-looking . I sent it in for exchange , and the second one arrived with a big crack too ! At that point I gave up and asked for a refund.On each board , the crack was about six inches long , starting right in the middle of the end of the board , and through the full thickness of the board . In both cases , most of the crack was Biden by a green ribbon wrapped around the board .
 Same as all the other reviews , I purchased this after a recommendation from Cooks Illustrated as a gift . Beautiful look and feel , and it was treated with the utmost care , but after ONE WEEK and about four uses it started splitting and became warped . As a side note , I 've had the same problem with other bamboo kitchen gear .
 We bought this board after a recommendation from Cooks Illustrated . We really it , until it started splitting down the middle after a couple months . We always dried the board standing up , and it was n't sitting in water ever . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The board arrived slightly warped , but putting a paper towel under it solved that problem and I thought I had an excellent board . But then it cracked after less than five uses . I did not put it in the dishwasher or otherwise abuse it ... to be avoided at least based on my experience .
 Mine arrived slightly concave , so it did n't sit flat on the counter . I had to return it .
 Unfortunately this lovely board arrived with a 2inch long crack in one end and the crack went al the way through the board . It was a wide enough crack that bacteria would probably spend a lifetime within and I 'd never be able to sanitize the board completely . I notice others have remarked that their boards had cracks -LRB- or were warped -RRB- . Why is this ? Why is n't the maker of this board looking into the problem ?
 I bought two of their other endgrain cutting boards and both bowed and cracked in under a month of use . The second of the two boards was oiled 3 times in that one month period and still cracked and bowed . Bamboo also stains much faster than traditional cutting boards do.STAY AWAY !
 This is a beautiful cutting board recommended highly by Cooks magazine . Unfortunately , it is warped - convex on one side and concave on the other . I tried two and had the same problem . Too bad since it really looks nice !
 Owned for a year now . This board was highly recommended by Cook 's Illustrated , so I bought it . It came slightly warped , which worsened with time . Cracked as well -- even though I oiled it a few times .
 I read good things about this board in Cook 's Illustrated , so I picked one up to use as a second board . I do most of my cooking on a huge Boos Rock Maple board and wanted to replace my smaller board with something nice.Unfortunately , my board came in warped , as other people warned about . The warp is quite bad - in two directions so it was n't stable on either side.Real shame - the board is very attractive and it feels and smells nice.Any , I just returned it . Maybe I 'll try the Totally Bamboo Flat Grain - from what I have read it it thicker , but more solid than this one .
 I bought one of these a year ago and it worked well for a while . I oiled it with mineral oil every month and always washed it by hand . After a few months it became warped , but a few months later it straightened itself out again . Now it has split down the middle . It looked nice and worked well for a year , but I would n't buy again .
 I purchased this board on the recommendation of Cooks Illustrated . I was really pleased with this board - for a few months . I oiled it as recommended , but it split in two places after about 3 months . Their ad specifically says it will not split or crack . I wrote to Totally Bamboo , and they are replacing the board for a new $ 6 shipping charge . In the meantime , it has warped badly and is difficult to use . I will see how the new one holds up .
 I used this cutting board for about 6 months before it started to split down the middle . I had only washed by hand and had applied mineral oil consistently . I exchanged the cutting board for a new one , which arrived in the mail with a split already in it . That was enough to convince me that the first splitting was not a fluke and that this very nice looking cutting board does n't actually hold up for very long .
 Stay away !! Board came VERY warped and wobbly . Utterly useless . Returned it -- I will now invest some real $ $ in a real cutting board .
 We received this board as a wedding gift . It arrived in good shape but when we took it out to use for the first time , it had already cracked . When I contacted the company for a replacement , they sent another one , which was cracked beneath the sticker that wraps the board . I 'm disappointed by this product b/c it was so highly recommended by Cooks Illustrated .
 Shoddy materials and very expensive for what you get . Not impressed.On onee of the 2 I bought I had to re-tap the threads for the screws because there were no threads in the original part .
 The glasses are beautiful but it takes an awfully large hand to hold the glass properly . I probably should have measured the size before ordering.Purchased through Amazon .
 Maybe I was in a daze and never realized this `` poster print '' was only 4.25 '' x 6 '' . Thinking $ 4.16 was fine for a poster of any size I clicked `` Add To Shopping Cart '' . Then shipping for this item was $ 8.00 so that would imply `` large '' as posters go . It arrived in a huge mailing tube but opening it revealed not what I 'd call a `` poster print '' but an actual 4.25 '' x 6 '' postcard having the image on one side . $ 12.16 for a postcard . Shame on me ! Shame on the seller for charging such high rate for shipping one post card . I will read more carefully but also think it was deceptive . Live and learn .
 They sent the entirely wrong product . I received a square small dinner plate instead of a medium sized serving bowl . In addition , it took them a more than 7 days to refund my money .
 This pan is better for serving in than for cooking . It tends to burn things easily . I have other stainless steel pans that I have no problem with . It could be that the lid lets too much steam escape , or maybe it 's just too shallow .
 This item had a horrible smell as you opened the package.The material was infused with a stink that would n't go away.I washed it . It fell apart despite the fact that it was `` washable '' . The zipper never worked . I threw it away .
 Purchased this roomba as a remanufactured unit in order to save some dough . Died just after the very short warranty expired ... Purchased a new one , 3 years later , still going strong . So , do n't skimp , if you want one , buy new ... The actual functionality
 I had seen these in stores , and when Amazon offered a `` factory reconditioned '' one for a significant discount , I was excited to try it.After a week of running it -- and recharging it per the instructions -- the battery just lost all ability to hold a charge . The unit could not run for more than 5-7 minutes before it pooped out . A full 24 hours of charging could n't rectify the situation.Thoroughly disappointed , I returned the unit for a refund . Hopefully , iRobot will refine the technology to the point where it will be truly useful and worth the money spent . I really need something like this , but this one is n't quite there yet , it seems to me .
 Well , it 's fun to see it work , but I consider it almost a toy and not much more . It takes too long to clean even a small area . It bumps and keeps going to the same spot again . On wood floors dirt would be blown out of the path of the Roomba so most of it would not get picked up . Battery life is a big problem as well . I returned my Roomba and stick with my Vacuum from now on .
 The Roomba actually has a fairly decent vacuum power and seemed to pick the dust and dirt up off my hardwood floor quite well . But the intelligence of this little device leaves a lot to be desired . After watching the Roomba go over the same spot for the twentieth time , I decided that it would a lot quicker and even easier for me to do the job myself with a regular vacuum cleaner . It was also evident that there are many places the Roomba simply ca n't go given its size and built , so I realized I 'd have to buy a second vacuum cleaner anyway . That completely defeated the purpose of the Roomba for me , so the Roomba went back from where it came . I have a 1 br apartment with hardwood floor . Perhaps the Roomba will work better for you if you have a different setting , but I ca n't even imagine how long it would take it to finish a medium sized living room . Too me , the Roomba is a cute toy that makes annoying noises , bumps into everything you hold dear , and is far to dumb to really help you out .
 Purchased direct from Roomba I-Robot on-line a new Discovery SE 4220 & received it 12-19-05 . Following their instructions for a 16 hour initial charge , it remained ` dead ' . Following the protocols given on their help line did not correct problem . On the 5th call , after I told them the charger output was 23.5V-DC , and the 14.4 V NiMHy.battery read 4.5 V , they said the battery would be replaced . It is now 7 weeks later , and their responses to many calls have been ` You will have the new battery next week ' , then ` they are back-ordered , but you should have the replacement shortly ' , then , ` We can not help you at this time ' , then ` try again in a few days ' . I now have a useless Roomba Discovery 4220 , for which I have already paid $ 300 . Finally received a replacement battery that read 14.2 V , installedit , and still no result . Called Ro0mba , who said to try 30 second ` Hard reset ' again and charge 3 hours . Still no result.Battery Indicator light still flashing red . -LRB- Discharged -RRB- . Will phone Roomba repair service again in AM .
 This product was returned because it did not work . Amazon could not replace it & therefore it was returned for a refund .
 This remanufactured Roomba does n't do anything right all the time . I wish I would have just bought a new one . I 'm now researching returning it and I hope I do n't get another dud .
 I thought it was a good deal to order a `` Factory-Reconditioned '' Roomba 4210 Discovery to save some money , however ... It arrived ! I excitedly opened the box . First impression ... The unit was dirty , very heavily scatched and scuffed . Not exactly a good first impression.I then lifted the Roomba out of the box and I was immediately covered with dirt and dust . The bottom of the box was also filled with dirt and dust and hair . I flipped it over and discovered the brushes covered with dirt , dust and someones -LRB- or somethings ! -RRB- hair.I was grossed out , but even worse , the other person in the room -LRB- who suffers from allergies -RRB- started to sneeze violently . I spent the next 20 minutes thoroughly vacuuming the entire room and all other horizontal surfaces I could reach.I think it is very obvious that NOBODY did anything with this Roomba since the previous owner returned it besides transfer the polystyrene packing box to a new cardboard box that says `` Remanufactured '' on it!In summary - BE VERY CAREFUL !!! If you ordered a `` Factory-Reconditioned '' , be aware that it might be pre-filled with someone elses dust , dirt , hair and who knows what else.I think I might have to bite the bullet and pay full price . I like the idea of this product , but not the pre-filled one I received !
 I have tried this robot out for a month . It does a pretty good job on the hard floors and carpet . However the factory-recoditioned machine suffers from poor battery life . I tried the hard reset -LRB- remove battery , push on button for 30 seconds , replace battery , plug charger in -RRB- to give the battery a 16 hour charge . It runs for less than 40 minutes before dying . After the three day charge -LRB- after reset -RRB- it still has terrible battery life . Irobot claims it will run 2 hours . I returned the first one to Amazon , who promptly sent a second reconditioned machine . Same problem . Its going back as well . I will try a brand new one and see how that works .
 Purchased roomba discovery and got it DOA . Never had such problem with amazon.com before this time . Called i-robot several times . After walking through all the instructions -LRB- which include the need of purchasing a dust cleaner at my cost -RRB- i-robot finally agreed to let me get an exchange unit as long as I pay for the shipping . How nice !
 Unit apparently has a faulty battery . I 've been dealing with the iRobot service department for almost two months.One service rep was convinced that the battery was in a state of `` deep discharge '' . So , after going through this eight day procedure that would allow the battery to `` reset '' itself , there was no change.Next call , different service rep says , it 's not the battery . Those problems are rare . He directs me to return the unit.So , I have a new unit and the same old battery which STILL DOES NOT WORK .
 Bought two remanufactured roomba discoveries 4299 considering that you can get two refurbisheds for one brand new . I bought them as gifts . I , myself , have an unrefurbished Discovery which was given to me as a gift -LRB- it worked flawlessly since day one -RRB- . Getting back to my gifts . Unfortunately , one of them does n't run for more than 10 seconds and the other for about 30 minutes . I have to either return to amazon or call iRobot for repair . That 'll be some hefty shipping charges . Stay away from the refurbished -LRB- remanufactured -RRB- models .
 I bought the factory-reconditioned iRobot Roomba earlier this year . When I received the Roomba , everything worked except for the remote . However , after just half a year and only about half a dozen usages , the battery no longer maintains its charge . So , now I 'll need to junk the entire machine . With so many reconditioned machines , iRobot definitely lacks quality control . So unless iRobot improves its quality control , I would not recommend iRobot vacuums to anyone .
 Since this is reconditioned , the warranty does n't even last a year . My unit went bad after about 9 months and I was just out of luck . They said it would cost $ 90 to replace !!
 - doesnt home into charger ... pain to pick it up -LRB- the right way -RRB- and place it ... get a model with a homing sensor - its a pain to clean up the floor of things before letting this loose . . at least with a manual vacuum u can get around things you dont want sucked in - low battery life . . wish they had supplied another battery - the screw on the virtual wall unit was a pain to remove . . had to try 10 diff . bits to unscrew it , finally damaged one . it need 2 D batteries . - cleaning path sucks ... had to wait for it to go over and over the same path before it could finally pick up one small speck of dirt - filter doesnt hold dirt well ... if you carry it , it sheds picked-up dirt all over , and sometimes dumps the entire thing when u put it down
 I bought a new Discovery iRobot for my temporary apartment at work , and it worked so well , that I decided to save a few bucks and buy a remanufactured iRobot for my home . The first rebuilt unit did not charge the battery and never did run . Amazon took it back and delivered an replacement . The second unit worked fine for the weekend . I left for a month on assignment and unfortunately did not read the warnings about not leaving the unit charging for extended periods without running it . Yep , unit would not run when I got back . I was past the 90 day warranty period , so ordered a new battery $ 70 . I charged it for a day . Power button was green . It immediately turned red when the Clean button was pressed . 48 hours of charging still shows red . Charger puts out 22v so is prob ok . Cleaned battery contacts . No good . Unit is kaput . I will salvage parts to use in my one working unit . Too bad the new 500 series uses different battery packs and accessories . I will buy a new 500 series in the shortly . Gave only 2 stars cause although my remanufactured unit worked great , as my other one does , it quit , either due to my error , or whatever caused it to be returned in the first place struck again . New units are fantastic . Rebuilt units , well , that 's my misfortune . My old rule of never buying used electronics will be reinstated after this lesson .
 I received it , it looked beautiful . I charged it , unplugged it , let it sit for a day before using and it did n't work . I tried recharging but it would n't take the charge . I returned it , Amazon was great about it . I bought a Bissel PerfectSweep . It 's great for my needs and only cost $ 25.00 on sale . Lesson learned - be careful of remanufactured products . Someone else may get a good one but I did n't and it was n't worth the hassle .
 I paid about 100 bucks -LRB- Shipping included -RRB- for a reconditioned Roomba from Amazon.com . If i had paid the regular retail price it would have been on its way back for return . Here is why -1 . It takes too long to clean even a small area . Its navigation system is not very advanced . It bumps and keeps going to the same place over and over again . I think they should integrate some real sensors . . some sorta sonar arrangment to gauge the size and shape of the open space and then go methodically about cleaning it .2 . I tried to use the virtual WALL to keep it away from my carpet and it turned out to be major hassel owing to the divergent nature of the beam . Approximately 2 feet of the area next to the wall will never get cleaned . They should make the beam narrow and directional to that it is easier to delienate borders .3 . The air exhaust blowing air from the back and the always on rotating brush scatter the debris all over the place and under things that roomba ca n't go under . The air exhaust should be through the top and the edge cleaner brush should rotate only when it detects an edge and is following the wall .4 . Virtually impossible to press SPOT and CLEAN together on the remote . So you have to bend down and press the buttons on Roomba to send it back to its home base.So basically it 's a good toy to use in a non cluttered room with hardwood floors . My stick vaccume is quicker .
 I was pleased to find the Roomba Discovery Robot at Amazon , reconditioned for $ 149 . Half price , what a bargain . Amazon says its list price is $ 279.99 and that 's what the Discovery model sells for at iRobot . The picture on the site is of the Discovery.I got the Roomba in a box that says Model 4299 and pictures the Discovery model . But inside was a much older Clean Blue model 4130 . iRobot does n't sell this anymore , but it is similar to the picture of the Roomba Sage which sells new for $ 199.99 . In the small print , I now find that the item MAY be one of several models including the 4130 . If I wanted the basic model , I would have bought the basic model new for 50 bucks more . I did n't . I thought I was getting the Discovery Model that sells for $ 279.99 and is pictured on Amazon.Right now the charging system does n't appear to be working . I ca n't get in touch with iRobot telephone support because they are only available during business hours and it 's Sunday.My floors are a mess . After researching the Roombas , I was pleased to find what I wanted on Amazon only to receive something entirely different in the box.Did I get what the small print said I might . Yes . Did I get what was pictured and what was represented to cost $ 279.99 new in large print . NO.I am angry and upset with Amazon , a site I have used almost since its beginnings . I am furious with iRobot who packed a reconditioned model 4130 in a box labeled 4299 . Read the small print !
 The Roomba was broken when we got it out of the box . Internal gears on the brush were stripped and it was very noisy . It finally did n't clean at all after 2-3 uses and we sent it back.The 1st day we tried to clean a 15x 20 living room with a couch , 2 armchairs , 2 bookcases and 2 end tables . It kept getting stuck in the same corner over and over again - and it left black tire marks on the white carpet . I wish I had a video!It should work OK if you remove all your area rugs and move the furniture to accomodate its artificial unintelligence . BTW , make sure the room is clean beforehand . Sort of defeats the purpose , would n't you say?To be safe , get one from a retailer that has a lifetime money back guarantee . They do exist - I found one on the web.P.S . It 's been 2 weeks and still waiting for a replacement from iRobot .
 MY ROOMBA CAME WITHOUT THE BATTERY PACK AND REMOTE . AFTER A FEW PHONE CALLS I ENDED UP MAILING THE ITEM BACK TO AMAZON - PREPAID - AND RECEIVED A NEW UNIT WITH ALL THE PARTS . CJH
 I bought the Roomba with high hopes . I enjoy gadgets and thought that this would be useful but it just turned out to be a headache . The Roomba continually got stuck on any carpeting it happened upon or tricking spot it could get wedged into . I would come home to find that it just got stuck again and again.I hope that the technology can be refined , but for now this product is not a useful tool . If you have a completely flat floor without any rugs it could work but that still is not a sure thing . Think carefully before purchasing this product . I had to return mine and I 'm still waiting for the next generation robot vacuums that are more reliable .
 Well , it is a cute little robot and it is certainly entertaining to watch . It does a good job of getting itself out of trouble as well . That said , well , I 'm not entirely sure what the point is . Given its super tiny capacity and the fact that it does n't use bags I find it more of a pain than a well designed normal vacuum . You do have to empty it every use or every other use . That 's fun , you get a nice big cloud of dust around you while you do it . My wife who as allergies ca n't even be in the same room when I empty it . Very poor design there . And the the little brushes seem to get clogged way faster than with my Oreck - I do n't know why that is . But they need constant attention as well . And of course you have to Roombaify the room first to make sure it wo n't get stuck or suck up a cord.In the end it really does n't seem to save any time or make things any easier . Sure , you do n't push a vacuum around , but the prep time is the same or worse and the maintainence is far far worse than a normal vacuum . I just fail to see the advantage it has over a normal vacuum , but I 'm sure this depends on your living space and lifestyle . All in all I think its utility could range from marginal to waste-of-time . Finally , it is worth noting that even on medium pile carpets it will rip out enourmous amounts of carpet fiber . It seems like it wants to convert all carpets to ultra-low pile simply by ripping out fibers . This is of course not good for the carpet , but it also means the dumb little thing will fill itself up very quickly . So definately do n't get this thing if you have anything but the most ridiculously low pile carpet . It seems people are interpretting this as `` wow , I vacuumed right before using the Roomba and it picked up all sorts of dirt the vacuum did n't ! '' Well , no , I think the vacuum left the carpet attached to the floor like it was supposed to and the Roomba was a bit less discriminating.As a note on refurbs , mine had a battery that just would n't last for very long even after all the various recovery methods recommended by iRobot . Would die in just 30 or 40 minutes of operation . Easy Amazon return though .
 When it works , it seemed good . It does what you expected . But it just too easy to go bad . After a few use , the first one just do n't want to anything else but circling at one spot . Returned it to amazon and got an exchange . Now the second one seems to have some recharge problem , and it does not follow the remote well.My recommendation
 Not What WE expected in performance . Works only for about 25 minutesthen runs out of power . NOT very good .
 The iRobot did not work . Tried charging and would only run for about 5 minutes and then shut off , not even returning to home base for charging . Disappointed !
 My refurbishes iRobot Discovery now is unusuable . The home -LRB- recharger -RRB- won ; t light up , wont rechargeOnline info does n't help . No anwer to 2 emails . At least 1/2 hour holding on then cut off . About an hour between trying to get thru and holding on . $ 150 down the drain .
 I bought this mainly to use as a midweek touch up since I have a large dog . On the wood floors the dog hair would be blown out of the path of the Roomba so most of it would not get picked up . The hair that it did manage to pick up or at least run over so it was stuck under the Roomba would get left in a big pile on the edge of the carpet when it went from the wood floor to the carpet . This was supposed to make my house cleaner but instead it made a mess . I have returned it .
 Just bought a reconditioned Roomba Discovery 4210 , and on it 's third voyage it started making a loud grinding noise . I 'll be sending it back to Amazon tomorrow , so we 'll see how good Amazon 's exchange policy is , and if the replacement vac-bot is any better than the first one .
 We 've had our roomba for 9 months . It 's impossible to empty out the dirt , dust , hair , etc. , that is collected . It takes forever for it to do its job - constantly stalling on rugs and missing spots . I have two dogs and a young child and this is NOT for me . It 's annoying , frustrating , and overall not good at cleaning . Today , the thing actually spit out a load of dirt and then spread it all over my kitchen ! The storage compartment was completely closed ! This thing sucks !
 I guess they do n't test the robots after they repair them . I jumped on a great price to get a Roomba Discovery for cheap , so I bought the refurb . It was a mistake . The robot would only charge itself for 5 mins and then stop . It would run for about 30 secs before dying . When put back on the charger , it would charge another 5 mins.I talked to iRobot support and they were very nice . They had me reset the battery -LRB- push power for 30 secs with the battery out and reset -RRB- . It still only charged for 5 mins , but they told me to leave it on the charger for 72 hours . After this attempt , it ran for about 2 minutes and died.I called them back and they agreed to repair it , but they wanted me to ship it to them AT MY COST and it would take four weeks for them to get it back to me . They would not cross-ship a replacement no matter how much I asked.So I just returned it to Amazon -LRB- who gladly paid for the return shipping -RRB- . This is n't a slam on the Roomba , I ended up buying a new Scheduler model and absolutely love it . It IS a slam on iRobot refurbished products though . How they can `` fix '' something and not test it is beyond me.Just buy a new one ... unless you want to roll the dice and are ok waiting 4 weeks for them to try and fix it again .
 Ordered and received the roomba with great anticipation , but was soon disgusted . Instructions said to initially charge it for 16 hours , which I did , then with the floor cleaned of anything that might interfere with the operation we cut it loose to do its ' thing ! We watched in amazement as it imediately found a small hallway and proceeded to work that area -LRB- 3 X 4 foot -RRB- for a total of over 10 minutes . Finally it freed itself and headed to the center of the room again , but quickly made a 180 degree turn and ended up back in the alcove . After a total of 17 minutes it beeped a few times and died ! I picked it up and checked it , DEAD ! I returned it to the charging station and immediately phoned the manufacturer . I was told not to worry , it just needed reset and then another 3 hour charge and it would be fine , so I did that with the instructions from the technician . 3 hours later with the power light green again I started the proceedure again , almost identical to the first path it headed for the alcove , this time it ran back and forth from there to the middle of the living room several times and after a whopping 13 minutes the same condition presented itself , beep , red light , DIED !! Once more to the phone , and another tech , who assured me that would not happen again , that this model had the latest battery charging system in it and needed reset and this time a charge of 72 HOURS !!! THREE DAYS AND NIGHTS ! I wanted this to work badly so I tried , but told them if this did n't do it , it was being returned to Amazon . Well , need I say , after 72 hours of charging I started the machine and this time it lasted a total of 33 minutes , and improvement , but no cigar . I was told it would last about 2 hours . I was somewhat impressed with the cleaning it did , although a small container for dirt , it did fairly well , and this was on a very low loop carpet . I returned the cleaner and now await my refund from Amazon , with a very bitter taste left in my mouth for Roomba .
 YOU CAN NOT GET THROUGH TO ROOMBA , THAT WOULD MAKE THEIR WARRANTY VOID SINCE YOU CA N'T CONTACT THEM .
 This unit is good for about a year then it will stop working , spins in circles as dust gets in to the sensor.Customer support will promise you they will send a code stick to fix the problem but I hope you do n't mind waiting . I called them over a month ago , 4 phone calls and 3 emailes later and they still have not even shipped the part . I keep getting emails back stating `` If this issue is not resolved to your satisfaction , you may reopen it with in the next 7 days '' . How can it be resolved if they never ship the part.BAD CUSTOMER SUPPORT . THEY PROMISE YOU EVERYTHING BUT DONT DELIVER.SPEND YOUR MONEY ON A GOOD VACUUM .
 This was a disaster . I was so excited to receive it , but it never worked . It would not charge after a week and I repacked it and sent it back . Do n't waste your money . I am not accepting a replacement . Once burned , twice stupid .
 I purchased this vacuum for a friend unable to push a vacuum . I was disappointed because it just does n't do the job .
 Could not handle large areas well , I would recommend use on hardwood floors only . no rugs no cables etc and preferrably square .
 the item in question , the roomba worked for about a week then started malfunctioning , now it is completly useless and I dont believe Im allowed to send it back , so I lost my money
 It does a fair job on the hardwood floors . It does not handle the pet hair as well as I had hoped and does n't do very well with inside corners .
 When the box arrived , I could hear something rattling around inside it . Bad sign . When I got the Roomba out of the packaging , I also found a few small -LRB- tiny -RRB- plastic pieces . These turned out to be part of the bracket that held on the clip that kept the brushes in place . So , basically , the Roomba was DOA.Returning the Roomba was quite easy . UPS picked it up the next day . However , my credit card was credited only a day before payment was due .
 I bought a remanufactured Roomba to replace my inoperative unit because iRobot does not repair units out of warranty , but charges $ $ $ to swap for a new one . The remanufactured unit arrived with a broken part , but I was able to scavenge a replacement from the old unit . Poor quality control in both units . Poor support from iRobot .
 My original rating was 4 stars but in reviewing old reviews , my mind has changed considerably on Roombas . We have owned 3 now and they just do n't last . Part of it may be the long hair from our Golden Retriever , but still ... Maybe this would be fine for someone without long hair or a long haired dog , but for us the Roomba has just been landfill material ... Below is my original review ... I have enjoyed this a lot , though it 's not great at keeping up with my Golden Retriever 's long hair that gets wound up in the brush . I have to use a seam ripper to cut the tightly wound hair after most uses , and then spend about 5 minutes on the deck cleaning and untangling . Also have to block off the area under the armoire where the stereo cords are inclined to get tangled up if `` my little cleaning buddy '' gets under there . But it 's still a great product and makes cleaning up fairly entertaining as my little buddy helps get the dirt and crumbs that build up under the table and and in the grooves of the tile floor . It 's less sweaty than hauling my canister vacuum all around the house . After reading about the battery problems some others have had , I have emailed Amazon about how to replace the rechargeable battery which has finally died , so if I can get that replaced , I will be happy .
 I had high hopes for this item ... bought as a wish gift for my wife ... worked great at first ... in about 4 mos . would no longer hold a charge ... changed battery but did not make a difference ... now on the fence as should buy another or continue to try to fix this one ... good for touch up cleaning but will not totally replace a vacuum
 I am upset that everything in the description for this product discusses the Discovery model , but what I received is the Sage model . However , under the features description the following disclaimer is included : `` Color may vary and may contain minor cosmetic blemishes . The actual item shipped may be one of six original model numbers
 Shortly after I bought this item I gave it a good review ; and I suspect that most of the good reviews probably directly relate to a new experience . Give this thing a good six months plus and you will start to see it for the gadget that it is . It 's a bit impressive at first because it does brush the carpet and pick up a few surface objects . After a little while you start to realize that what you have bought is a complicated electric brush for your carpet . And then it starts to malfunction -LRB- in spite of cleaning , following the instructions on charging , etc. -RRB- . Let 's face it - the physics involved should tell you that it has neither the mass nor the horsepower to be a very effective vacuum ; and you will ultimately feel disappointed when you realize that you are never really going to get any kind of real return on your investment.Do yourself a favor and do n't waste your money on this overpriced grown-up toy disguising itself as a useful household tool . Get a real vacuum that will really clean your carpet . I 've got an old Kirby that cleans like heck and I 've long since got my money out of it . If you want to make your life easier , get a self-propelled model -LRB- got one of those too now -RRB- . When you do the math on the money you 'll see . Also , it 's really not that much of a time saver . It 's nice to think that something else is doing the work for you , but you have to clean the brushes after each cleaning and by the time you fool with all that you could have just plugged in the real vacuum and did the job for real . I wanted to believe - I really did ; but I 'm sorry Virginia , there is no Vacuum Claus ...
 Ca n't really give it any stars because I never got the correct Roomba . Ordered it twice , got the right box but the wrong Roomba twice . Did not try again . Amazon was great with returning the product and refund . Would like to have received the correct Roomba . Seems like a good price for the money .
 I just opened my Roomba 4299 and well it 's not a 4299 it 's an old 4130 model . The box is for a 4299 etc but once you open it hey wrong model !! I DO NOT like getting less than I paid for ! I realize this is refurbished but hey send the right model !!
 I 've only had my roomba since mid Jan and it was working well till last week . Suddenly , it is struggling to move on my carpet . No beeps , alerts , shut down or anything , just stuck in the middle of open carpet trying hard to move even an inch and when it does finally move more than that , it still struggles and moves real slowly until it stops in place again and struggles to move at all again . Talked to tech support and the rep said that they are finding that this problem is becoming a common problem with deeper pile carpet . Our carpet is only about 1/2 '' in depth -LRB- I do n't think that is very long -RRB- . They were good about telling me I can send it back to them and they would replace it since it 's still under warranty . Unfortunately , I will have to pay for the shipping cost and he said even more unfortunately , the problem is likely to keep happening and that my shipping cost will start to really add up . He suggested trying to get my money back from were I bought it , but it 's too late . The iRobot reps were very friendly and helpful , unfortunately , this machine just ca n't handle medium to long pile carpet . Works fine on my tile floor , not great , but fine .
 I used to think I was a strong woman . You need to be stronger than Hercules to use this thing . The only thing it does is `` cut down '' the crying from the onions . I think it might even take longer .
 This is the first time I am going to leave such a negative review because it just does n't work as advertised.First of all , the grid does n't work as a blade or at least sharp enough when used to chopped the halved onions . To push it harder might also crush the entire mechanism.I also read some other people 's very helpful reviews , but a good kitchen gadget should n't have to take a `` special skill '' to press , push , and press , push over and over to cut something like onions . To me , what 's the point?I have used some very magical and awesome kitchen tools . This is definitely not one of them.I do n't recommend anyone to purchase this . Sorry .
 I got one of these as a gift , six months or so after I finally bought myself a little Cuisinart mini chopper . We bought a Black & Decker mini chopper for my mother-in-law years ago , when she was around 65 , and she loved it . I am fine with using a sharp knife and a chopping block to dice vegetables , but sometimes I do n't want to mess us an entire wooden cutting board for just a couple of tablespoons of onion , plus now that I am getting older the arthritis is starting to kick in a little for me , too . My rating of all three methods for ease and quick clean-up is
 The second time I used this the clear bottom broke near the foot , apparently from the pressure . It was with a small onion . THis is a badly engineered product and a bit exensive for chopping only two onions during the life of the product .
 Alas , onion slicing seemed easy with this baby . Directions were followed ; I cut larger onions into quarters , no more tears were shed , and life was easier . Then within 1 month , it broke .
 Unlike other choppers , which produce either huge chunks or onion juice , this chopper makes beautifully diced pieces -- about 1/4 squares . Lovely ! And with far fewer tears than a knife and cutting board dicing process usually produces.It takes a lot of effort to operate -- you have to have fairly strong arm muscles to force the onion halves through the grid.To my dismay , mine broke today , after only a month of use -LRB- I used it probably 3-4 times per week , I 'd guess -RRB- . I 'm planning to exchange it , since the end product was so marvelous . If that one lasts for more than a month , I 'll update this review . If it does n't , it 's back to the cutting board for me .
 When I saw this chopper I thought it was a very good idea . It was a good idea if it had only worked as Progressive described it , or if I was 6 ft tall and worked out all the time . I have had to put this gadget on the floor and step on it with my heel to cut even a small section of a small onion through the not very sharp blade . There seems to be inconsistancies as to how sharp the blade is which tells me that there was very poor quality control in the manufacturing of this chopper . There appears to be no middle ground in the reviews . Are we all talking about the same chopper ? If you have to cut the veggies into small pieces to make this work , why not just continue cutting with a high quality knife . It 's just as fast if you practice a little slicing , dicing and chopping . The amount of time to clean my knife is much less than how long it takes me to clean out the little pieces of onion that stick in the blade and the plastic top ! Also , the little non-skid covers on the feet have disappeared , probably into the bottom of my dishwasher . A waste of $ 15.00 .
 Do not waste your money on this product . Product is not sturdy enough to chop half an onion -- I struggled to chop onion slices into cubes with this product . In addition the first chopper I received was in fact a defective chopper that had been returned by another customer and put back on the shelf . When I called to notify the retailer , they did send me another one right away at no charge . This product is a good idea but in order to be useful , it should have been made entirely of stainless steel with a much sharper cutting grid .
 stay away . The construction of this item is very poor . While it looks appealing , it broke after first use in my case . I kept half an onion on the blades and applied uniform pressure on the top only to find the fixed edge breaking off and the onion stuck in the blades .
 I ordered this product and when it arrived it was cracked , so I requested to replace it and when the replacement came it too was cracked in the same spot . So , I got a hold of customer services to let them know that the product came to me both time broken in the same spot and they promptly refunded me my money . But if the product was n't cracked it would have been a great item to have .
 I purchased this item in April 2010 and it broke today , Sept 16 , 2010 . I 'm very disappointed with this item .
 This thing could n't chop an onion or anything else . Ended up donating it to a charity thrift shop .
 This product was a waste a money . It does n't work on onions at all ... even if it does a bit , all the onions get stuck . It is terrible.Don ' t buy it .
 I am sorry to say that , I am not satisfied with this onion chopper . I need to cut the onions into very thin slices before I put them on the onion chopper and it requires a heavy muscle pressure . So I have stopped using it and looking for something what will really work .
 This product works well as long as it lasts . This is my second try with this product and despite delicate handling and cutting the onion in small pieces before dicing this is the second time it broke at the hinge.I am very disappointed with this product and would not recommend it .
 Bought it on July 17th 2012 ; broken by October 13th 2012 . Nobody told me it only lasts 4 months . Annoyed . This time around I 'll try a better product from a better brand !
 I have used mine for year and only about once a month . The knobs broke where the top connects to the base . I love the idea but this is is poorly designed .
 Being a student , and living with three other guys , we were in dire need of some help around the kitchen when it came to cutting onions . The teary eyes were just not worth our time anymore . So we started search for a chopper that would help us mere mortals out . Frankly speaking , after reading all the reviews , I was a little sceptical of buying the product in the first place , but went ahead with it given that Progressive usually has good stuff . But was I wrong or what . . ! It took exactly 3 onions for the thing to break from the corner . The glass container just chipped off from where it is connected to the top part . No way can i mend it or use it at all now . I am really really disappointed with the product , and would not buy any other product from Progressive anymore . The worst way I have ever spent 16 $ . : -LRB- Disappointed , to say the least . Please stay away from this product .
 This product is not a good choice as I could not use this even for a day.It is so delicate and broke easily . even it is not sharp enough to cut onions
 I used my chopper for a month or so , and when I was using it to chop an onion , one of the posts that the lid pivots on broke off . It is useless without both posts to hold the lid in place .
 I bought to of them 6-8 months ago and had one . In one canning season I broke all three and all I can is salsa.I wish they made one of these out of metal because when the work they work great.they break in the same place every time right buy the left side hinge
 This item is such a let down . The feature presented on it 's TV commercial is so far from its actual capability . To me , it 's actually close to useless . It really does n't even deserve 1 star , but that 's as low an option as I 've got .
 I have only used the chopper a few times and was fairly pleased . I chopped a bell pepper , put the pieces on a cookie sheet , put them in the freezer until they were frozen , then put them in a closed container in freezer until ready for use . We needed peppers and put them on a paper towel in the microwave to defrost quickly . To our surprise , sparks and smoke and a loud popping noise caused us to quickly open the door . We threw the peppers away , puzzling over the cause . I decided to experiment today . I chopped a couple of pieces of celery , put it in a microwave safe bowl , and set the microwave to defrost . Within 3 seconds the same thing happened.My conclusion is that there must be tiny pieces of metal coming off of the cutting blades when the item is pushed through the blade . Not a good thing ! Has anyone else had this problem and is there a solution ?
 What a waste of money ! I 'm not strong enough to bare down on this thing . Then I even pinched my finger in the process ... Do not recommmend unless you got the Hulk doing it for you ...
 I have had two of these things . I cook all of our meals and chop onions all the time . This thing broke on me twice . I would not say it was the onion chopper 's fault the first time . There was a pit in one of the olives I was chopping . It bent the little grid badly enough that it would n't work anymore . The second one -LRB- from a garage sale -RRB- cracked on the base when I was chopping an onion . It cracked where the lid fits on and so it is no longer working . I give this a Big zero for quality and construction.It was handy while it worked , though.Liv
 I have had this chopper for awhile , and it never works . I guess the metal cutting part is n't sharp enough & I can never get the onion to go all the way through , even after I put it on the ground & tried to stand on it ! Do n't waste your money .
 I cut onions at least four days a week and thought the chopper would be great . The first one I bought was the Vidalia Chop Wizard . Thought it was great for two months until one of the `` ears '' broke off . There 's a lot of stress/torque at the hinge as you push down hard enough to cut through the onion and the plastic is just too brittle.Months later I bought the Progressive chopper thinking they made better products . How wrong could I be ! The first onion I put in was large so I quartered it . The first chop shattered the ear and sent plastic tray shrapnel shooting across the kitchen . I wo n't be fooled again.There 's no reason to buy one of these until they make the tray and ears metal .
 No . . This product is a total waste . You need to keep Onion in certain angle and shape for it to cut . you are not really saving if you had to do the above two and also thorough cleaning is a total mess !!!!!! Please stay away from it . Not sure how people can give high rating to it . The plastic is hard , but you 'll feel the world will come down when pressing it that hard . !!!! Avoid it .
 Could never get it to slice through an onion by myself , had to get my boyfriend to add a little more muscle to it . And then the thing broke after a few months . I would n't ever buy this product again . And its ashame too I had high hopes for it .
 I have only used it once and it broke ! It for sure is a `` one time use only '' and the way it is shown on TV is not the way you really use it , not so smoothly - I think they have used an already chopped onion . I would say it is better for soft vegetables such as tomatoes -LRB- which also is very messy because of the juice -RRB- . It was just a waste of money . I would n't recommend it to anyone .
 The negative reviews of this product are all too true . I can make it work by cutting only a quarter of a small onion at a time , and the tiny pieces created are terrific , but the effort required is considerable , and the saving in time is negligible . Some of the complaints I have n't encountered . I put it in my dishwasher with no bad effect . Still , it was pretty cheap , so what can one expect ?
 Bought this item and returned it .1 . This chopper has only one blade ... which chops everything into very TINY pieces .2 . Hard to clean between blades and top grids .3 . While it is `` easy '' to use , you have to cut your onion in half and force the top down to chop .4 . After a couple of uses , it breaks .
 The second time I used this the clear bottom broke near the foot , apparently from the pressure . It was with a small onion . THis is a badly engineered product and a bit exensive for chopping only two onions during the life of the product .
 This is a knock-off version of the `` Nicer Dicer . '' The Nice Dicer is less than $ 40 , so it is more expensive , but it is sturdy and dependable . It is also easier to clean -- just a better product all the way around.Surf for NICE DICER or GENIUS CHOPPER on amazon ; you 'll find the real thing.If you saw something advertised on TV , you probably saw the NICER DICER , not this product .
 The first time that we used this onion chopper , the blades popped out and bent . The chopper had to be sent back !
 I think it dosent work ... . It dosent cut onion ... takes a lot of pressure to slice it ... and even then slips ... and very difficult to clean afterwards ...
 I got this product and was making salsa and thought it would be great to chop up the onions and green peppers . I tried the green peppers and it would n't cut them . So I went on to try the onions - it broke !! This is the worst product on the market there is and should be stopped - what a rip off !!
 The description of this product needs to be rewritten to reflect the details of the included cutting insert.When after several years of heavy use , the container portion of my Chop Wizard broke , I decided to forgo the brand name and order this cheaper version . I was not bothered by the fact that it came with only one insert because I had barely ever used the tiny dice insert from my original chopper . I was extremely disappointed upon opening the box that the one insert with the Progressive brand was not the full size chopping insert but the tiny grid insert - useless for anything other than mincing a clove of garlic ! Totally useless!Since returning would have cost more than it was worth , I was forced to keep the chopper , using the full size grid insert from my original Chop Wizard . * Save yourself the headaches and spend a few more dollars for the original Vidalia Chop Wizard - you wo n't be disappointed with it . * If you have the cutting inserts from a Vidalia Chop Wizard , you will be happy to know that those inserts do fit this cheaper Progressive brand chopper .
 It broke the second time I used it . I was cutting a very small onion .
 Used this to chop just a few onions and one of the hinges that hold the top on snapped . It obviously is n't built to handle the mechanical force required to cut through crisp vegetables . Piece of plastic junk .
 it requires quite a lot of struggle for the onions to be pushed through the metal grid . i almost have to lie down on this thing to get the onions through , and every time i do , i expect the device to break any second . often the outer onion layers just flatten out against the grid and - no matter how much force i apply - stay there . on the plus side , the chopper disassembles and cleans easily . all in all - did not really make my life a whole lot easier .
 watch your fingers while cutting with this very dangeres product , the worst product i ever bought.there is other onion cutters on the market what works excelent
 Not only is this onion chopper very difficult to use , it is impossible to clean . The mesh wires clean easily enough , but the plastic grid on the lid of the chopper gets caked with onion pulp that does n't come out . I have to stand at my kitchen sink and pick all the little onion pieces out with a toothpick every time I use it . Putting it through the dishwasher does n't help either , the onion mush just sticks in all the little crevices . I could probably get over the extreme force required to use this product if it was n't so difficult to clean , but it just takes too much time and energy to be worth it . I will be looking for something else to chop my onions from now on .
 I finally got to use this chopper . The second onion and the side broke the size of a peacon . Not the post but huge piece along the side with the post attached . Really not a good item . I leave a single star because the insist on some thing to leave the post .
 This is the same as the `` Vidalia Chop Wizard `` As many others have stated , the hinges are a weakness with this item . Mine broke within 2 weeks , while chopping quartered onions.My wife tried to contact the manufacturer for a replacement -LRB- we got this as a gift -RRB- , but their website offers no details about returns/replacements , warranty , etc. .
 My sister-in-law wanted one of these for some time . She cooks a lot and wanted to find something that would chop onions safely . She was thrilled to receive it but had to return it because she said it just did not chop onions properly .
 I had high hopes for this product as my eyes water whenever I cut onions and this seemed like a fast and easy way to cut one . Unfortunately , the plastic cracked after the 3rd or 4th time I used it , despite cutting the onion into quarters before putting it in the chopper . Big disapointment .
 This product is hard to use and harder to clean.Save your money and buy a small electric food chopper . They run for around $ 20 .
 I was not aware that it ONLY did onions , it doesnt chop anything else very well . That was a disappointment
 I 've used this chopper for almost a year and it has been slowly falling apart . First , it was one of the arms that held the pusher to the metal broke off when trying to disassemble for cleaning.Second , the metal grate bent on the edge , catching the pushing plastic part and cutting it . I had to put about 200lb of weight into it to cut an onion after a while.Then , I had to forcefully hit the top to get it to actually chop . As a result , the bottom piece cracked and its almost impossible to use . I still use it but have to hold it together until I find a more durable version of the chopper.Find a more expensive model that wo n't fall apart .
 I did not like this product because you have to use a lot of pressure to chop a half of onion . It takes some time to do it .
 It is too hard to use ... only if your onions are really really tender and soft , it may work ... too hard to use it ... If you do n't believe me you might as well try and return it like me paying the return shipping ...
 These are poorly designed . The angled action means all the force concentrates on two cheap plastic knobs on the corners , which break . Plus , the top 's underside is hard to clean , and the blades can bend . I 've had two of these because I do love the results when they work -- nice , evenly sized bits of onion -- but they just breaks too easily . Back to chopping by hand .
 Pros -- chops onions faster than i could by handuniform piecesholds pieces on bottomtop piece is heavy plastic , very sturdyscraper makes grid on top plastic piece easy to clean.Cons -- Onion must be cut into manageable sizes . Half , quarter , sometimes eigthsfor any thick piece -LRB- most pieces -RRB- a lot of force is required . Either push hard or bang.if onion slips over side of grate , it prevents any chopping until onion is realignedbottom piece is made of cheap plastic . Not too hard to crack.knobs on bottom piece that hold on top piece break easily.metal chopping grid holds onto some onions , making cleaning is cumbersome.To use :1 -RRB- Cut off top and bottom of onions .2 -RRB- Slice into peel , peel onions . -LRB- done at same time as step 1 -RRB- 3 -RRB- Chop onions into 2 , 3 , 4 , 6 , or 8 slices , depending on size . A `` feel '' for it comes easily .4 -RRB- Grab onion piece and place in chopper .5 -RRB- Use left hand to hold top piece on hinge -LRB- so it does n't break -RRB- 6 -RRB- Press with right hand .7 -RRB- If piece slipped over grate , open and realign . Go back to step 5.8 -RRB- If piece was too big , lift myself placing weight on chopper , or whack , whack whack.This works surprisingly well , and can be very efficient it the onion piece are small enough as the chop is smooth and quick . When the chopper inevitably breaks on the knobs , step 5 also requires an alignment over the grate , and that takes an extra moment . The top piece goes around 3-sides of knob , and acts as hinge.When used correctly , it can last a number of months before breaking , and may be worth another purchase to bring back that ease of use.I 've broken this three times , and plan to buy it again . It is a cheap product in both quality and price , but i do n't know of a quality one out there . So , i just get this one and handle with care . --------------- 1/12/2011I have given up on this item . It breaks too often . I use a food processor instead . The stringy onions -LRB- as opposed to chopped -RRB- is not exactly what i wanted , but it works , is considerably faster , uses larger pieces , and does n't break .
 It cuts the pieces small and evenly . Keep in mind that you are cutting up a quarter or half an onion in one push , so it takes a bit of effort . In addition to the paper thin layers of the onion you normally peel , you might want to take a couple more to make it easier to cut.If you are not careful , the base will break . Each of the two that I bought lasted several months for me , but I have given up on this one an am using a small food processor instead .
 The second time I used mine the bottom part broke by the feet . The clear plastic shattered . It was with a small onion . A great idea , but a bit expensive for chopping only 2 onions .
 Good thought , but when you put an onion on the metal crossblades and try to push down on the top handle thing it is really hard to do and the cutting mechinism does n't work well . It seems to be sharp but does not cut the onion easily.I purchased this chopper for my mom who is 70 and she could not chop an onion with it . My kitchen aid chopper does a much better job as does my black and decker electric chopper and they are dishwasher safe also . I would not recommend it at all . There are other choices out there for good deals .
 Used once and it broke . Strong suggestion to save your money and do not buy . Breaks with use !
 I wanted to have an onion cutter that would make my life easier . after buying this i found that it was tough to use . I had to apply all my body weight to cut onion . 2nd day , it broke.It would n't cut even small pieces of white onion when they are little slimy.It would n't cut tomatoes or bell paper , as written in one of the reviewsDo n't waste your money .
 Like the other reviews , mine broke as well . I loved it while it lasted though .
 I saw the video at Bed , Bath and Beyond and was excited because this item was supposed to be able to chop a tomato and any other fruit or veggie ... To chop an onion using the Onion Chopper I had to use extreme force - But it worked . The tomato is another story . The Onion Chopper smashed a firm tomato paper thin excreting only the juice of the tomato . YUCK ! Do n't buy it !
 I do n't understand how some of them gave a rating of 5 . Mine broke on the very first day of use.Probably , it would work fine with butter or baked potatoes but definitely not with onions .
 I bought four of these items for holiday gifts & now have to find something else to give . One of them broke while being used for the second time . Another required my 220 lb . son to push down on it to get it to work . Neither I nor my daughters-in-law could use this product . One used my son 's brute force , the other cut the onion into slices before chopping it which did n't save her any labor & just gave up & called the company to return it . Do n't buy them .
 I purchased this item because I 'd gotten tired of the onion chopping and tears that always accompany the task . The onions I use are always fresh from my weekly CSA box . Even after slicing these onions to put them into the chopper I broke it almost immediately .
 I have seen similar items like this and was excited to receive it Christmas . On the second Onion -LRB- small onion -RRB- the plastic tab on the side broke . It is almost impossable to use now .
 My wife bought this - but my assistance was required to push the lid down on a medium sized onion.It requires a ton of pressure if the onion is anything larger than a small sized one . Post cleanup can be a mess even with the supplied `` comb '' cleaner -LRB- onion pieces refuse to come out -RRB- . It works nothing like what you might see on TV.The second problem is this - Note the hinge in the picture . Its clear plastic . That is what takes the pressure when you heave on the top lid to chop the onions . Well - its not going to last very long.Its a waste of money . .
 I practically have to stand on it to get it to chop a piece of the onion . The holes are too small I think and maybe that 's why it will not allow the onion to pass through . I love when I waste my money !
 When I saw this product I was thrilled by the idea . But when I received it all of that went away . I am a 25 year old girl and I Can not use this ! I have to call my husband and ask him to use all his power to make the onions chopped!So what is the use ?
 Progressive International Onion ChopperAfter using for two times-this was a gift to my girlfriend . Because she does all the cooking and she liked it until one side broke , so she continued to use , then that side broke . Now looking at the return date which has passed and the item price . I would cost me more to replace than to return for half the price . What a rip off . Not happy with that outcome . Read comments before purchasing .
 It is an Onion Chopper - - period ! Watch if you try other things , it will break easily . For onions - - just great !
 Did a great job for the first onion -LRB- sliced in halves -RRB- , the hinge at the back broke off with the second onion.If you do buy this , perhaps quarter the onions to make it work better .
 cheap china copy cat product watch your fingers very carefully while using that otherwise you fingers will get cut
 I chop a lot of onions in my house - I mean , a lot - and I 've wished for one of these choppers for a long time . I finally allowed myself to buy one a few weeks ago . Boy , what a disappointment . The first time I used it I thought , `` Well , it 's not great , but at least it does the job . '' Then I tried to wash it - yikes ! It may be dishwasher safe , but the dishwasher ca n't get the tiny holes in the blade , nor the grooves in the lid , clean . It took me ages to clean both of those parts by hand after it had gone through an unsuccessful dishwasher cycle . The lid/pusher is also extremely difficult and time-consuming to clean , even with the included scraper.In addition , the onion must be cut into such small sections by hand before it can be put into the chopper , that it defeats the purpose . I can literally chop up an onion by hand faster and easier than I can with this item , and cleanup is a WHOLE lot faster that way.In addition , as I attempted to use the chopper subsequent times -LRB- I really wanted to like it ; I hoped it would , `` grow '' on me -RRB- , I found it very difficult to chop even small sections of large onions . It would leave the outermost layer of the onion uncut , and no matter how much force I put into leaning on the lid , it would not cut through the last part of the onions . I ended up with quite a bit of waste.This item came with a satisfaction guarantee -LRB- the reason I finally purchased it , as the guarantee was noted on the outside of the box -RRB- , so I decided to get a refund . When I called the company , however , they informed me that the guarantee only covered replacement with an identical item -LRB- this was not noted on the package -RRB- . So it really is n't satisfaction guaranteed at all , it 's just warranted against breakage.Definitely not a recommended item . I 'll take my cutting board and a plain ole ' knife any day .
 I Bought 2 cutters , The first one Broke , So I ordered the 2nd one ... thinking I mishandled the 1st one.Well actually the 2nd one broke at the same place too ... , It is a bad design . It breaks at the Pivot Point . If you get it to work for a couple of months you are lucky.If you have it more than that , you probably use it a few times a month.If you want to use it for everyday use ... . You are better off finding something else .
 This is the same product that was advertised on TV as the Vidalia Chop Wizard . While it worked it was great , but the plastic base is so flimsy it broke after 5-6 uses . Do n't waste your money .
 The holes are too small & it is very hard to chop even a quarter of a small onion .
 I ordered this because I needed another onion chopper for the other house . This one is a piece of junk . I placed a small onion , sliced less than 1/2 '' thick because I did n't want to `` overload '' the chopper just starting out . I pushed down , harder and harder . It did n't even start to go thru the cutting blades . I increased the pressure even more , but the hinged area of the cover seemed ready to break , so I stopped and inspected . The thinly sliced onion -LRB- a lot thinner than the directions recommend , by the way -RRB- was still on top the cutter , not even a quarter-way through . Went back on the Amazon site and read reviews -LRB- which I should have done before ordering -RRB- and found I 'm not the only one complaining about this problem . Quite a few also say this thing is a piece of junk . Amazons customer service was great , as always , about returning it and said they will look into it further . The other onion chopper I have at the other house -LRB- also ordered from Amazon -RRB- is a Swiss-made Zyliss and it works great , chopping onions an inch thick or more with absolutely no problem , ever .
 As previously mentioned , the dice blade is too small which requires more force than I am comfortable exerting on the plastic hinge parts.I thought I would get the large cutting blade inside the pack but no.I am shopping for a Vidalia chopper , I know it has both blades and I can go around the house experimenting to see what the old one can chop up -LRB- destroy -RRB-
 I would recommend the Rada Aluminum Serrated Hand Food Chopper AWESOME!I love my serrated chopper by Rada Mfg. I would recommend that one instead of this one.I rec 'd one of these over the holidays but like the serrated rada chopper the best .
 this only comes with one cutting blade and it 's the one for garlic etc , ca n't do onions . .
 The onion chopper is fragile . It worked for 10 days and then it broke . The blades broke and also the plate containing the blade broke . More pressure needs to be applied to cut the onion , but product is not designed to handle the pressure .
 I have only used it once and it broke -LRB- made out of cheap plastic -RRB- ! It for sure is a `` one time use only '' and the way it is shown on TV is not the way you really use it , not so smoothly - I think they have used an already chopped onion . I would say it is better for soft vegetables such as tomatoes -LRB- which also is very messy because of the juice -RRB- . It was just a waste of money . I would n't recommend it to anyone .
 I purchased this item because I had borrowed a similar VEGETABLE chopper from my daughter and liked it . I only used it to chop onions so figured I would buy the onion chopper.The grid on this chopper is smaller than the grid on the vegetable chopper , and the ONLY WAY to chop onions is to slice them thinly.It 's great at chopping garlic - so for that , I 'll give it one star.Don ' t buy this item to chop onions , it 's impossible to push them through the grid !
 I chopped my first onion - had to slice it into about 6 sections to get it to work in this chopper . After my wrist started hurting from having to press so dang hard on it I recruited my husband to finish the job . He chopped one section , then upon trying to open it somehow broke off one hinge piece and shattered the clear plastic base . Definitely was an element of user error there , but this item just does n't seem quite high quality enough to bear the immense pressure required to actually chop the onions through the very small blade grill . Disappointed .
 Not worth the money and also as a chopper . The plastic support is poor and now its gone after cutting some onions.Save your money , put some extra $ and buy a electric chopper .
 Do yourself a favor and learn from my own personal experience with this product and choose a more expensive all-metal version - if you can find one . This inadequate plastic gizmo is just structurally incapable of functioning as intended . Forget about trying to dice a whole onion , as this pathetic gadget ca n't even do a proper job on half an onion . Its hard plastic construction feels as through it 's going to break when you attempt to apply the amount of pressure necessary to force the onion through the metal dicing insert . The bottom line is that that even though this hard plastic gizmo seems to be well constructed , the fact is that it most definitely is NOT capable of dicing an onion in one smooth action
 The time I saved in chopping was wasted in the endless amount of time I had to spend tediously cleaning each little hole of the dicer . I took it back after only a couple of uses !
 My grandson loves the rocker ... it 's a sturdy little chair that should last for generations . Although there was an assembly issue , the company responded appropriately , and I was very pleased with the finished product !
 The picture is much better . It 's cheap cloth and looks tacky with the chair I bought elsewhere long ago -LRB- it is retired from Crate and Barrel otherwise I would have purchased the ottoman but by the time I could afford it , it was discontinued -RRB- . Anyhow , it looks poor next to the chair and it is very cheap cloth and poor quality wooden legs . The item arrived with black stains that were hard to clean and I 'm just now almost getting rid of those stains . It 'll do , but it 's just old looking next to contemporary items in the room .
 Just looking at the picture is appealing ; reading what purchasers have reported is helpful . What about an accurate , written description of the item , eBay style , with measurements , description of the upholstery fabric , cleaning instructions , whether it has any other features that are not shown in the pictures , like storage , tray top , etc. . That is a weakness of many items on Amazon . The site describes books VERY well , other items , not so well . HELP !!!!
 These lampshade converters do not fit a common light bulb . They do n't sell any that do . I am sending them back .
 I owned a Mr Coffee TM1 model tea maker for several years and was pleased as punch for the most part . I was excited when I got a new one along with a new home , except the TM3 model pitchers in less than 7 months started leaking at the seams , and of course you need the pitcher to make the tea . The replacements are only around $ 8 , but at 2 or 3 a year , that can get costly . I have contacted the company in hopes to get some type resolution . Happy New Year . Tina
 I 've owned a Mr Coffee Iced Tea Pot for probably 10 years now . We bought one of the original models in a walmart years ago , and they looked pretty much the same -- White and teal with a clear pitcher . We took good care of that one -LRB- used a wooden spoon to stir it to avoid scratches , ran cleaner through the machine every few months to remove buildup , etc. . The original package had 2 pitchers , and one of them was always in use it seems : -RRB- Last fall the last pitcher finally gave up and started leaking from a seam , and they no longer sold that same pitcher as a replacement , so I bought a TM-3 and a 2nd pitcher , they looked to just be the `` new '' version of a well made product.Sadly this is NOT the case . Where the old one had the filter-holder sitting on top of the pitcher , this one has you insert the spout into a slot , and line up a notch on the bottom . The filter cover and the lids do n't fit together well , and its harder to wash the filter-holder . The WORST part is the new pitcher . It has a `` flip top '' spout cover with a strainer on it , but its impossible to poor evenly ! The tea `` stream '' is almost always wider than a common kitchen glass , so you 're going to drip or dribble at some point.Even worse , the plastic is VERY low quality ; both pitchers , only a few months old now leak - oddly from the exact same point , in the lower front near the `` square '' notch in the base -LRB- There 's a place where the seams meet -RRB- It leaks slowly during brewing , but when done , i add the rest of the water to fill the pitcher , and the added `` weight '' begins to make the drip worse.I 'm going to order a replacement to see if it was a fluke , but I was saddened to see an old favorite get worse instead of better
 Over the past ten years , I have purchased three Mr. Coffee Ice Tea Makers . The TM3-2 3-Quart Ice Tea Maker is the most recent model that I purchased . If placed in the dishwasher , the plastic pitchers will crack over time . Knowing this from previous experience , I was very careful not to wash the pitchers in the dishwasher on this model . However , both pitchers still cracked from the spout down the side of the pitcher . This happened even though they were handwashed on each occassion . We went through two pitchers in less than a year . We are no longer able to use the machine since the pitchers leak and make a huge mess . Other pitchers are not compatible with the machine . The quality of materials is much lower than in previous models and I find them to be absolutely unacceptable . I will never purchase another Mr. Coffee Ice Tea Maker . I am now searching for another brand that uses higher quality materials .
 We replaced our old TM1 with the newer TM3 after many years of service . The plastic was looking old -LRB- tons of scratches -RRB- , so my wife and I were interested in the newer TM3.Well after 4 months , hand washing only , it started to leak.It almost always dribble down it 's side , you really need to pour SSSLLLLLOOOOOOOWWWWWW!We are now looking to replace this and not sure what to get.At least we know it will not be another TM3 and it might not be another Mr. Coffee .
 I too have replaced with the new Tea Makers from Mr. Coffee and I actually wound up buying two of them One , the Christmas 2004 and June of last year . The problem we had was it leaked , What I found is that making the tea hot going into the spout of the pitcher made the seams leak over time . We also had a replacement pitcher sent to us , so we had 5 pitchers and two tea makers , We are now down to only one pitcher and threw all the rest out , when this one starts to split and leak , then this will go to and over to Hamliton Beach we will go!If you do n't have to old TM1 do n't buy the new one !
 I purchased a Mr Coffee ice tea machine a long time ago , and never had any problems.But it was looking pretty old and I decided to purchase a new one.This machine leaks everywhere , nothing like the old model.Mr Coffee needs to go back to making the older design !! This new one sucks !! Today it leaked for the last time ... I am giving it to goodwill.I will purchase a new brand entirely !!
 We 've had two and both died within 6 months in the following way : The brewer stops after only a quarter of the water is passed through , we have to push the `` power '' button over and over until we get the full pot . We tried all the different `` cleaners '' from basic vinegar and water solution to more professional but it does n't seem that there is any deposits or build up -LRB- besides I have a Mr Coffee Coffee maker that has only once in the past 5 years seemed to have much calcium build up -RRB- . The only conclusion is that there is some sort of timer or other that shorts out.However two of these in 1 year next to my coffee brewer never failing in 5 leaves me to believe the maker itself is the problem .
 I had a old Mr. Coffee Iced Tea Maker I received in 1999 which after 10 years , went out . I replaced with this `` new version '' and was so sadly disappointed . This darned thing leaks everywhere . I 've tried even leaving the pitcher under the spigot for an hour . I then go to get the pitcher and the counter top has tea everywhere ! It takes a large bath towel to clean up the mess.Mr . Coffee , why did you change from the old design which had a open and close toggle on the steeping basket ?? Mr. Coffee does have a new design out where the steeping basket is on the pitcher , not the unit , but I am hesitant to buy this version . I have n't been able to find it anywhere except through their website and a local grocery store . W-mart and T-get do n't have it as of writing this review.I am donating this contraption to the charity and going to order the Hamilton Beach tea maker and see how that works .
 i had the old version of the mr coffee iced tea maker , the one with the orangey basket that sat atop the pitcher for brewing and the two pitchers and i loved that one . i drink a lot of tea and it was so nice to be able to have an extra pitcher so that i never ran out . unfortunately , after five years of constant use , it finally gave out . i 'd broken one of the pitchers when i accidentally dropped it and decided to just buy whole new replacement.this design is not an improvement . i hate the spout thing that you must move to the side to fill the chamber with water and then insert the basket that holds the tea bags and then move it back . seems to me that this will break easily . i 've made probably thirty pitchers of tea so far and the pitcher is already starting to stain from where the brewed tea trickles down from the spout and into the pitcher . the person who posted about the spilling with nearly every glass poured was correct . but the absolute worst thing i hate about this is how much tea ends up on the counter and not in the pitcher . i put the pitcher up against the machine as tightly as i can , trying to align the spout just perfectly , but almost every time , i 've got tea all over my counter when i come back to check on it . grrrr !
 My old Mr. Coffee , model number TM30P , quit working . So , I bought this one without doing any due diligence or giving it much thought . One problem , I 've had with Mr. Coffees in the past is that the pitchers crack and eventually leak . I forgot about that when I bought this one . I assume this one will eventually crack also.The two things I really do n't like about it , though , are that the pitcher is to tall and you have to manually control the brew strength . Controlling the brew strength requires that you experiment with the length of time you leave the tea floating in the water after it gets through brewing . Then you turn a control knob to dump the last bit of tea out when you think it 's been in there long enough . With my old one you merely set a dial to set the desired strength.The other problem is that the pitcher is much to tall . It 's difficult to get in and out of the fridge without spilling the tea .
 Our first tea maker was a West Bend and we had it for 12 years but we started making tea so often that I decided to upgrade to a 3qt and gave the old one away . This pitcher is an acrylic type like our old one but this has started cracking at the spout where the tea drips down into the pitcher and it started within the first month . The tea is too hot and I believe that is what is causing it to crack . We have been filling it up with ice even so high as not to be able to put the lid on but it 's no use as the tea comes in contact with this area first no matter what . We will be replacing it with a version we saw at Wal-Mart that has the plastic pitcher .
 I 've had this same iced tea maker for years until the pitcher finally broke , could n't find a replacement pitcher , so threw the unit away also . Saw what looked to be the same setup at Amazon and purchased 2 sets . What a disappointment ! The unit appeared to be lighter in weight , but the worst was the pitcher . It was cheapened beyond belief . The handle would only support the weight of iced tea if you used 2 hands and the flap that covers the spout when not in use would not stay open when pouring , allowing iced tea to spill outside the glass . I sent them back . Shame on Mr. Coffee .
 I had the 2 quart mr. coffee iced tea maker for years , loved it until the pitcher broke when i dropped it on the hardwood floor : - -LRB- I 'm planning ahead for the summer , and since sun tea is not a healthy option because of bacteria , I bought this machine . I cleaned it according to instructions , ran it for a batch of tea , and served it at dinnertime . We all took one sip and spit it out . Plastic.Hmmm , I thought . Maybe it needs another cleaning ? I ran it through another cleaning . Made another batch of iced tea , served it at dinner . Blechhh , plastic taste.This story continues on thru four more cleanings and a run-through with vinegar . Still plastic . Even the water coming thru the last cleaning with vinegar wreaked of plastic smell . That 's some powerful plastic ... In the end , after one call to a clueless Mr. Coffee consumer helper , 32 wasted tea bags and four huge batches of ice , I have to return it.I googled `` my Mr. Coffee iced tea maker tastes like plastic '' to see if I am alone , and alas , I am not the only one . Apparently , some of these are okay , and some are not.So disappointed .
 When I purchased this product , the lady at the store said `` be sure you keep your receipt '' . That should have been my first clue . After a month now of tea leaking all over the counter even though I try carefully to seat the pitcher near the brewing part of the machine and a couple of burns when I tried to fix it while it was brewing and leaking , I have thrown the piece of junk away . I did keep the pitcher to water my outside plants with although from what I read it is likely to crack given a little more time . I wo n't even comment on how unsanitary the pitcher looks after one or two uses . A really bad product .
 One of the worst products I have ever owned . It leaks all the time , even when I work really hard to get everything lined up perfectly , I end up with more tea all over my counters and floor than in the pitcher . Mr. Coffee is known for great products , but I 'm shocked that this one is still on the market . It Stinks !!!!!
 I have bought 3 of these tea makers and although they make good tea , the only ones in your house that will enjoy it is your kitchen counter or the bottom of your refrigerator . The pitcher will crack after only a few uses . I originally thought that it was because I put it in the dishwasher , so the next one I bought I washed only by hand . It also cracked and flooded my produce drawer and meat drawer of my fridge . I wrote to mr coffee and they did send replacement pitchers ... They all cracked after a few uses . I later bought a tm75 because the plastic was not supposed to be so brittle and cheap . this one was designed so poorly that it still leaks everywhere . The drip from the brewing basket is supposed to drip onto the spout of the pitcher , but it does n't line up correctly and instead drips between the pitcher and the brewer . It ruined the grout of my floor tile . Wrote to Mr Coffee and waiting for a response . Either way , DO NOT waste your money on this brand .
 After 3 years with an older Mr Coffee Iced tea maker - noted leaking when tea brewing . Thought it was from a faint crack at base of pitcher beneath spout . -LRB- though none leaked while in refrigerator ... -RRB- Bought new TM75 - it leaks even worse ! I thought I 'd perhaps did not have the pitcher firmly in place - not so - it was perfectly placed . First 1/2 ounce or so flowed nicely into pitcher . After that - it all began leaking down front of team maker ! By the time it was done - counter was soaked ; tea had leaked onto our Laminate flooring ! Thank God I was right there to wipe up the spill before the flooring was ruined !!!!! Seriously dissappointed !
 I have owned several of these tea pots and the design has all been different . The problem with this on is when you 're not using it and it 's stored away , do n't touch it because the basket and lid do not lock and they are always falling apart . I store it in a bottom cabinet and every time I try to get something else out the pot falls apart . I waste more time looking for pieces . Also the pitcher is disgusting looking after months of use . It looks like the plastic is melting away or something . Hope I 'm not getting poisioned !
 i bought a new 3 qt Mr. Coffee iced tea maker and wanted to have a second pitcher ... this one is too tall for the maker ; it is probably an older model .
 The tea maker worked well and made good tea . However , the pitcher is another story . After a couple of months the pitcher started leaking , we bought a replacement and a short time later it began to leak . With all the complaints about leaking pitchers it 's surprising the manufacturer does n't make a better quality one .
 My 2nd unit in less than 2 years . Pitcher is the problem . Made of a hard plastic that cracks no matter how much you baby it . After the first one cracked ordered a new complete maker due to cost of pitcher . Only used their pitcher to make the tea , no sugar or stirring in this delicate pitcher and hand washed . Purchased a nice rubber maid pitcher for $ 3 and used this one for stirring and storage . Mr Coffee pitcher still cracked less than 1 year . You can not use another pitcher to make the tea due to the way unit is specifically made for their pitcher . I have emailed Mr Coffee no word from them yet due to heavy volume . This could be a great appliance with a rubber maid pitcher . I will not purchase another one of these units until pitcher is redesigned suggest no one does .
 The first 1 I received was broken but I did not know until the 2nd time I used it . The button to start the process may already be pushed when it arrives so if the the button is broken you will not find out until you make your second pot.The tea is good and pretty convenient to use .
 I just purchased the new one :-LRB- . I put it upstairs in the bonus room and bought another just like this . I gave the old away when I purchased the new one . Shame on me . This thing makes tea waaayyy better than the new ones . The new ones would n't come close to melting all the ice . Therefore the first bit if tea was okay the last was way watered down . . This one rocks !!!
 We had a previuos model that lasted 9 years ! So I had no worries buying another ... it came with a bonus pitcher . . yay ! I thought . It leaks . Almost everytime . I thought maybe something was wrong with the pitcher , so we got out the spare and it leaked , too . Do n't know if I have a defective item , but we are tossing it and getting a different brand .
 The iced team maker works great ; however , the pitcher provided is very poor quality - in the past 6 months , I have gone through 3 pitchers - they all develop leaks in the front of the pitcher where you can see a seam . The leaks cause iced tea to leak all over the kitchen counter before the tea has even finished brewing .
 It makes great tea , but the pitchers last about 4 to 6 months before the seam on the front cracks and starts to leak . It would be great if a quality replacement pitcher was available . Then I would give it 5 stars .
 As a southerner who drinks tea with every meal and often in-between , I love the convenience of having a machine that makes the process of brewing ice tea easy . When the machine first came out , my mother was one of the first to purchase one , and we used it on an almost daily basis . So , when I moved out on my own after college , the first purchase I made was this iced tea maker ; however it was n't the same as my mother 's . The new one leaked while brewing , was n't dishwasher safe , was a pain to clean , and overall a very cheap design . The lid is flimsy and warps very easily . That is why the moment that I went into a thrift store and found the original model , I purchased that one and threw out the new one.If only Mr. Coffee would return to making the original , dishwasher-safe model that was easy to use and to clean , then maybe I could give this a five star rating ; but for this model and others like it , I can only give it a two .
 I am sad to say I hate this model . While we have not had any problem while making the tea , everytime we go to pour the tea in our cups , it just does not pour smoothly , it leaks all over the place - 97 % of the time . I am ready to throw in the trash as soon as I find a replacement which will hopefully be this week . At first -LRB- we have had the model now for a few months -RRB- I thought it was just operator error , but we have tried to pour very carefully or tried to figure out if there was a `` certain '' way to pour , but to no avail , still leaks all over the floor while filling our cups . Such a PAIN ! I have owned previous models that are no longer available ... sigh ... they never leaked , but one of the pitchers did crack and then eventually the second pitcher cracked -LRB- after 5 years -RRB- so I thought I was `` upgrading '' to a new model . Boy , was I wrong . I would NOT recommend this product to ANYONE !
 As a southerner who drinks tea with every meal and often in-between , I love the convenience of having a machine that makes the process of brewing ice tea easy . When the machine first came out , my mother was one of the first to purchase one , and we used it on an almost daily basis . So , when I moved out on my own after college , the first purchase I made was this iced tea maker ; however it was n't the same as my mother 's . The new one leaked while brewing , was n't dishwasher safe , was a pain to clean , and overall a very cheap design . The lid is flimsy and warps very easily . That is why the moment that I went into a thrift store and found the original model , I purchased that one and threw out the new one.If only Mr. Coffee would return to making the original , dishwasher-safe model that was easy to use and to clean , then maybe I could give this a five star rating ; but for this model and others like it , I can only give it a two .
 Yes , the pitchers crack and leak , no matter what you do . We are on our 4th pitcher -LRB- which is cracked -RRB- and I am just going to buy a different brand . A replacement pitcher is $ 15 a piece , for the 3 quart . Love the taste of the tea , but this is silly .
 Do n't buy It . Mr. Coffee Are ripping people Off With their Poorly Designed Pitchers.I 've had 8 so far with three different Mr.Coffee tea makers . The TM30P i just Bought Lasted 3 Months . Going to buy Hamilton Beach 40911 2-Quart Electric
 We 've purchased maybe 3 of these iced tea pots , they all break down ... and the pitcher always breaks !! One time we had a nice warranty lady that sent us a replacement for free since it happened after 2 months of getting a new one.The plastic is very cheap and it breaks down there the hot tea goes in . My latest one cracked at the bottom though , which means the quality must be getting worse . Today I was told pitchers are not covered under warranty . I 'm not paying $ 15 for a cheap plastic thing that will break again .
 I used to use the old style tea maker years ago -LRB- I was happy with that one -RRB- . I wanted to try a tea maker again , so I bought this one . The first round of tea was very weak . I put in an additional filter to see if that would help the water brew longer , but it was still weak . I returned it to the store , and this is how I am currently making tea : I use my regular coffee pot -LRB- 12 cup capacity -RRB- with 6-9 bags of tea -LRB- depending on how strong I want it -RRB- . I have a 1 gallon pitcher , and I fill that up with ice . When the tea has finished brewing , I add sugar if I want , then I pour the hot liquid over the ice . It makes the tea cold and ready to drink , plus I have a lot more than just 2-3 quarts.This works just fine for me -- I do n't have to worry about a cracking pitcher because the glass coffee pot can handle the heat . I also do not have to store an extra base housing unit that really only serves one function . I do n't know why I did n't think of this before , but it is essentially the exact same thing that is being done with the tea maker , except you do n't have to buy any additional equipment .
 I was so depressed when my old tea maker broke that my husband decided to buy me a new one for mother 's day . He purchased the exact model and amazingly it is already broken ; with the same problems my old one had which had cracked right down the pour spout . Ive tried contacting the company about the pitchers before but was told they were out of them and to contact them again in 6 weeks ... whats the point when with shipping it will cost the same as a new one ? you cant even find the pitchers in regular stores like Wal-Mart which sold my husband the tea maker in the 1st place . In any case I shall not buy a Mr.Coffee item ever again since the quality has dipped so far down .
 After less than 2 years of use BOTH of my pitchers have cracked at the seam and now leak tea . I 'm moving to a better brand .
 I 'm happy with the product , until it comes time to clean it . The tea leaves these brown stains on the product that are difficult to get out . Given the construction of the product , they are difficult to reach by hand . I made the mistake of putting the pitcher in the dish washer , which ended up warping the pitcher.I would give this product 5 stars if cleaning was n't a chore and did n't destroy the product . Since I ca n't really clean it , I do n't want to use it . So , at this point it 's a useless product .
 Out of the box , this item seemed to work well , although it is made from very thin , bendable metal . The squeeze mechanism worked smoothly . But after 20-30 squeezes , the sifter shape shifted -LRB- say THAT three times ! -RRB- and the screens popped off track , making the whole thing useless . I think part of the problem is that the screens fit snugly down into the sifter , but since the metal is so thin , it is very easy to use it enough to slightly bend the outside out of shape , thus sending the screens off track . I tried and tried to pop them back in , but it just would n't happen -- the metal had gotten oh so slightly bent and those boogars would n't go back in the same way.I did n't give it 1 star because the handle squeezing mechanism does work well and smoothly.Long story short ... spend more for a better sifter .
 Caution
 I bought this sifter because it was inexpensive and I had lost my crank sifter at my son 's school . I thought I could use it until I found a better one . I should n't have bothered . My hand is small , but it seizes up after just few sifts . This sifter seems to jam as others have mentioned and somehow clumps of baking soda and sugar get stuck between the screens . I find myself whacking the side of the sifter to get the clumps broken up . My mother had a similar sifter she kept for many years . It eventually rusted and small rust particles went into the flour , etc. .
 Right out of the box the trigger stuck and the rotating mechanism did ' t rotate properly . Do n't buy this item .
 Sifts slowly and the spring in the handle started to malfunction when using it . I would n't recommend this product .
 When I first got this water pot , the inner wall had a spot of rust in it . Returned it to the manufacturer -LRB- shipping at MY COST -RRB- and got a replacement that had rust appearing after the first boil ! Obviously a very inferior product although it looks like better known brands.NOT RECOMMENDED unless you need more iron in your diet .
 The Blueair company is a wonderful company to work with and helped settle my issues . I ordered 2 of the 501 units with replacement filters sight unseen based on user reviews . This is a very quality built unit , but the speed settings on the fan are far from usable . The lower speeds barely move enough air , yet the high speed is so noisy that you will think a tornado is in the room with you . The company gladly exchanged my 2 501 units with the 400 series units . The 401 units are far quieter and way more efficient in the way in which it moves the air , so order the 401 , you ca n't go wrong . Keep in mind the 10 year warranty is only applicable if you can prove that you purchased and changed the filters every six months , if not no warranty exists , and the filters are not free , but affordable . In my opinion the 401 is the way to go , stay clear of the 501 's due to the noise and air flow design , the Blueair company is second to none in customer support and are highly recommended . Thanks Blueair for helping me get it right ... This is one heck of a company that will take care of it 's customers . Also keep in mind when you order a Blueair purifier unit , one filter set will come included with the applicable unit that you order . If you order filters , they will be used later for replacements , I was n't sure when I ordered if the filters were included but they were .
 I ordered this item was disatisfied with it , sent it back.From the engineering and design to the noise it made left allot to be desired.Purchased two G.E. 's that work efficiently and in my opinion are superior products at about 1/4 of the price .
 I ordered mine approx 6 mo ago . The handle fell of recently . I must admit I left the basket outside at times on the clothesline . Would prob . be ok if left indoors .
 A couple months after this item was purchased , the strap started to wear quickly , then broke and ca n't be fixed .
 So where on earth does this filter go ? It must be for a older model or something cause it dose n't go anywhere on my DC14
 The filter did n't come with any instructions , so I 'm unsure of it 's placement . This filter is larger thanthe original so it does n't fit in the filter holder .
 the glasses were supposed to be glass and instead they are plastic . black glass is very hard to find apparently . i will use these until i can find some black glass tumblers . no where does it say plastic .
 Bought 1 locally , but a ham-fisted friend broke the handle on the first day of use . Bought a replacement , used it heavily for about 6 months , when it stopped working . Could n't find another in town , so ordered another from Amazon . This one stopped -LRB- handle ratcheted , but cutter did n't follow -RRB- first can opened . Returned to Amazon , who replaced it immediately . Replacement lasted exactly 31 days , at which time it stopped exactly like the one it replaced -LRB- Lasted one day past Amazon return envelope , so I had to pay to ship it back -RRB- . Way too fragile for a $ 13 opener , when I can buy 4 regular -LRB- other National Brand -RRB- openers for the same price . Nice principle , & much easier to use than conventional , but needs much more metal , much less plastic .
 Was impressed when opened my first can . By the 3rd can , the gears wouldnt catch onto each other so no matter how hard I cranked can just wo n't move . All I got left was a can with a hole on top -LRB- from locking device onto can -RRB- . Complete waste of $ $ $
 I ca n't see this thing being useful at all . I ordered it by mistake . I will never use it .
 I bought this item several months ago and it failed in the first month , I replaced it from a local kitcheware outlet and this also failed in about a month . The idea of this product is very good but the quality of the product is very poor
 I bought this a few months ago and it worked great at first . Now it seems that it does n't work on all cans . It keeps slipping off and wo n't keep a good hold on the can . I 've been left trying to pry open cans since I threw out my old can opener .
 I was able to open a few cans , and that was it . It was cool when it worked , but after a week , I am out the money and have a worthless hunk of plastic in my kitchen ! This is a completely frustrating gadget that is way more trouble than it is worth . I want to throw it off the roof . I never cared much about a can opener , but I hate this one !
 I purchased this product mostly because my son is a lefty and developmentally disabled . He had recently broken the last can opener we had -LRB- an OXO Good Grips -RRB- and I decided that it was because the right-handed can opener was too awkward for him . I did however , try to replace the other one for the rest of us . Unfortunately , I can not find a can opener that is not made in China - including this one . The same model of OXO that I had before -LRB- for several years -RRB- is now made in China and even looks poorly made . I took a chance on this one , because it was for right or left-handed , but it did n't work . When positioned properly on the can , it did not cut through the lid , only skimming around the can as it turns . It says not to `` grip '' the handles , but that is the only way it punctures the can at all - and then only sporadically . I returned the can opener . I also had purchased the same brand of `` safety '' can opener , which works , but my husband does n't care for the rachet option - he wants a simple , crank action , traditional can opener . So now my search is on for one that is made in the USA - since I really believe that is the issue with the ones I have purchased so far -LRB- for those who are interested , I have also tried a `` Good Cooks '' brand and a `` Swing-a-Way '' . Apparently , neither is still made in the USA and neither works - a huge disappointment with the `` Swing-A-Way '' as I thought I could count on the brand 's reputation .
 This is a terrible can opener . Could n't get it to work.I threw it away . I should have returned it !
 As a lady with poor hand strength , I was super-pumped about finding a ratcheting can opener . It was a cheaper and smaller alternative to an electric , but should have made opening cans almost as easy . Unfortunately , it worked well one time . After that one time , it got very sensitive , and I had to hold it at precisely the right angle to get it to lock onto the can correctly . After one week 's time , it now does n't ratchet at all . Since I had already thrown away my old can opener , I was reduced to opening the kid 's Spagetti-O 's by punching little holes in the can by locking the can opener on , then taking it off and turning the can slightly , until I had punched all the way around the top of the can . Bummer .
 I thought the idea was great , easy to use and safe . It probably is a good idea still but the execution was terible ! The handle broke off the very first time I used it . It looks to be made of some type of cheap plastic composite , absolutely not strong enough for the normal stress placed upon it by the ratcheting action.I have contacted the company for a replacement . When I receive a replacement , I will update my review to rate the product again if the new one turns out to be fine .
 Simply stopped functioning in less than six months of light use . It was good when it worked .
 I had bought this opener , assuming the price will give quality over the usual rinky-dink junk that fails because it is made of simple punched sheet metal . Wrong . I liked the ratchet feature , and it worked well . Well , just for a month . Now it wo n't ratchet any more and is stuck.I do n't understand that after making the plastic mold and the sheet metal moving parts there is no life testing done . Shame on the Progressive makers . High priced junk . May be I should invent a new one and make sure it works . Wish me inspiration.A frustrated engineer ...
 I owned a similar can opener for several years and it worked like a charm -- until it broke . I recently bought two `` I Can '' openers and neither one works properly . I e-mailed Progressive International and received no reply . So much for `` satisfaction guaranteed . '' DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY .
 The can opener is awful . It is very difficult to use . I have gotten hurt trying to use it . My technically astute friend has had great difficulty using it as well . Instead of being a good can opener for lefties , it is thus far very user-unfriendly
 Can openers and mousetraps . Not new technology and still unevolved . This gadget is no exception . It is difficult to use and inefficient . Although it has an innovative crank , the system that locks the opener to the can is no better than can openers I used 50 years ago.Any cheap can-opener does as well .
 Notice how many reviewers had the same problem . Save yourself the money and frustration and try another product . I should have read the reviews more carefully . I 've had this a month now and am resolved to buy something else . I liked the look of this design . It looks like it should work , but alas , not true!This thing slips off the cans 9 times out of 10 uses . Something a simple as a can opener should work every time it 's used , without any adjustments . It will open a can , but only after resetting it 2 to 5 times on a single can ! Ridiculous ! I will end up throwing it in the trash , a waste . I would donate it to a charity , but I would feel bad about someone else ending up with this dumb , poorly made tool !
 My experience was similar to others who rated this item 1 Star . I would give it `` Zero Stars '' if I had the option . It worked great for a few months of very light use , less than 2 cans a week . Now it will not latch on to the cans on 19 out of 20 tries , and when it does , the gears wo n't engage to cut the lid . I 'm going to contact the manufacturer to see what their response is . I will post my results here .
 My wife and I have terrible luck with can openers . Every single one we have purchased in our 5 years of being together has broke in a matter of months.This can opener was no exception . After only 5 months of very light use -LRB- 5-10 cans a month -RRB- it broke . One day while opening some cans the lever just stopped working . Instead of it engaging the gears inside the can opener it became very loose . I gave it a once over to see if it could be fixed but it was trashed.Now , I 'm sure that this can opener was dropped a couple of times but when it comes to these types of equipment they should have both durability and longevity.I remember the small metal can openers that my mom used to have . They worked but they were uncomfortable to use . I prayed they would break so she could buy something I considered better , but they never did lasting years.I think I might just have to go to a yard sale to find me one ...
 In less than one month , the PLASTIC lever snapped off . Save your money and buy one of those 2 dollar openers from your local grocery store .
 I bought this a while back hoping it would work for my elderly mom who has lost strength in her hands . She gave it a try , but it is not easy to connect to the can , so I took it back in hopes I could get some use out of it . It was n't long before the mechanism broke , so it went in the trash . Very disappointed for the money I spent on it . I 'm going to try the Amco Swingaway EasyCrank next for both of us .
 To the folks who manufacture can openers . Please look back 50 years . The last can opener I had lasted that long.This one was used once , the mechanism jammed as it was grinding metal shavings from the can , and into the food.Tossed the food and this can opener in the trash . Not deserving of one star .
 This seemed to work OK for the first three cans . Unfortunately the internal mechanism is cheap plastic and thin metal which failed after just a few uses . Now it clicks like a New Year 's noise maker and refuses to rotate around the edge of the can.Nice idea , cheap Chinese implementation . As said before , you 're better off with an old fashioned 100 % metal jobbie .
 A rather large clock that can not be read in the dark . Returned and I bought another smaller clock with an LED readout .
 After owning this food processor for four years , now I wish I 've bought a better one . The first time assembling this right out of the box it was a bit of a challenge physically locking and fitting parts together . They seemed to be not manufactured well . But I was satisfied with the convenience of making the occasional pesto , tapenade , shredded veggies for borscht . Mind you this is an extremely loud processor , jarring enough to require earplugs . It 's also really annoying that the ends of vegetables do n't get shredded all the way , unlike those nice processors you see on the Food Channel . I get left with big chunks of unprocessed veggies . What a waste . As time went on , the parts are becoming more difficult to assemble no matter how clean I keep it . Even my husband has to physically assert himself to push those damn pieces in place . I end up using the hand shredder instead of going through the trouble of putting this dumb machine together . I suspect the plastic material is cheap and alters shape in hot and cold temperatures . The motor is weak and leaks black fluid after only 10 minutes of pulsing on and off . I use it at most five times a year - so wear and tear is not the problem . It does n't qualify being trash because it 's still useful so I 'm going to give this Toastmaster processor away to the free stuff community . Hopefully the next owner will have more patience than me .
 I 'm sorry to give this such a low rating but the measurements on the page are wrong . I should have realized this when they gave 3 sizes for a round object but I still -LRB- wrongly -RRB- assumed the largest measurement was the size.The large lid actually measures 61/12 '' . The small lid -LRB- which BTW Progressive calls a ` mini ' on the cardboard tag measures -RRB- is 4 '' . So ... I thought I was buying one 8 '' and one 6 '' and in reality I got a 61/2 '' and a 4 '' . I have notified Amazon by phone and they assured me they would make a correction . We will see.I have a 10 '' lid from a purchase somewhere else and it works great .
 Our cat likes to drink out of our water glasses , so I bought these to put over the top of them to keep her out . I guess it still works for that , but it looses its suction after a min . I 'm not sure why . It starts out with strong suction . I can actually turn the glass upside down & nothing spills . But that is only after its first put on . A min later its just sitting on top of it without any suction at all . I am very disappointed in this product considering the price I paid . I will keep them , but for a cover that just sits instead of suctioning on , its not worth the price tag .
 It is common knowledge that Amazon will charge you for items even if they do n't exist . -LRB- Back ordered , etc. -RRB- This order I made for the couch takes the cake.I ordered this couch on December 28th . My credit card was billed on December 29th . My account said that my order should arrive between January 5th and January 9th . On January 13th I called Home Decorators Collection and they stated that the couch was on back order and would not be shipped until the first week of April . If I had not cancelled the order , I would have paid interest on $ 840.00 for 4 months for a product that I did n't even have . I timed the sale of my existing couch to the arrival of this one and now I have no place to sit because Amazon and Home Decorators Collection charge and sell products they do n't even have . I was never informed that this product was not in stock.Amazon is getting worse and worse about charging and selling producst that do n't exist . This will really cut into thier business.I would call and see if Home Decorators Collection has this product before ordering . Better yet , order it from their site and not Amazon .
 It is common knowledge that Amazon will charge you for items even if they do n't exist . -LRB- Back ordered , etc. -RRB- This order I made for the couch takes the cake.I ordered this couch on December 28th . My credit card was billed on December 29th . My account said that my order should arrive between January 5th and January 9th . On January 13th I called Home Decorators Collection and they stated that the couch was on back order and would not be shipped until the first week of April . If I had not cancelled the order , I would have paid interest on $ 840.00 for 4 months for a product that I did n't even have . I timed the sale of my existing couch to the arrival of this one and now I have no place to sit because Amazon and Home Decorators Collection charge and sell products they do n't even have . I was never informed that this product was not in stock.Amazon is getting worse and worse about charging and selling producst that do n't exist . This will really cut into thier business.I would call and see if Home Decorators Collection has this product before ordering . Better yet , order it from their site and not Amazon .
 The Staub La Theiere is an odd teapot . First - it is smaller than I thought . I can get a cup and half hot water for coffee . And in the process the handles get very hot , so I wrap my hand in a towel . Which is good - that prevents steam from hitting your hand as you pour using those awkward handles . The pour can be messy because the water will come out of the lid edge if you pour too fast . If you overfill the pot it will spit boiling water out of the horizontal spout . These problems can be handled , but getting hot water used to be very simple in our house .
 This comforter is terrible ! Within the first three months of purchasing this comforter it came apart at the seams . One of the types of fabric used in the quilting was ripped apart by the thread . I would not recomment this product .
 My four year old son loved the shapes and figuring out his secondary colors on this educational placemat ! Unfortunately , it is simply a laminated cardboard paper & only lasted about a month before repeated washings separated the laminates and the paper inside got wet.Cute idea , I just wish they had printed it on durable plastic so it would last .
 This lid is small , but in the fridge if it bumps against anything the seal breaks . May work for covering bowls on the counter , but it 's too stiff .
 Somehow I missed reading the dimentions of the silocone lid ... It said large and I assumed it would be large enough for a regular pot/plate . This is tiny and only fits the smallest bowl/pot that I have ... Product works but I think the title is very deceptive .
 I 'm sorry to give this such a low rating but the measurements on the page are wrong . I should have realized this when they gave 3 sizes for a round object but I still -LRB- wrongly -RRB- assumed the largest measurement was the size.The large lid actually measures 61/12 '' . The small lid -LRB- which BTW Progressive calls a ` mini ' on the cardboard tag -RRB- measures 4 '' . So ... I thought I was buying one 8 '' and one 6 '' and in reality I got a 61/2 '' and a 4 '' . I have notified Amazon by phone and they assured me they would make a correction . We will see.I have a 10 '' lid from a purchase somewhere else and it works great .
 I really liked this cutting board , it is pretty , it is just the right size for cutting bread . But yesterday I noticed it cracked in the middle of short side . It is just not fair , I liked this board very much . It did warp a little but not in the direction of the crack . I do n't know why it cracked . Really . I did apply oil to the board regularly . The crack seems to come from great inner tension since its edges separated by about third of an inch . I owned the board for about seven months .
 Like a previous reviewer , I had my colander for less than a year when the `` enamel '' started to chip . Of course , the metal underneath is not rust-proof , so the colander is now useless . Do n't be lured in by the pretty color ! It wo n't last .
 This is painted metal , not enamel . The paint starts to bubble and chip off with very mild wear . With all the worry about lead lately , I worry about using this painted -LRB- not enamel -RRB- cookware item .
 I purchased this in December of 2011 and by December of 2012 the enamel started bubbling on the bottom and now it 's begun to chip in multiple locations . The metal underneath is dark and rusty , so I no longer feel comfortable using it . It was so pretty . I 'm sorry the quality is so bad . If you wanted to use it just for display purposes , it might be OK . If you want to actually use it as a colander , do n't buy it .
 Do n't make the same mistake as me . It did exactly as reviewed . Worked for a week then started to leak and fried the electronics . Does n't work at all now . Waste of time and money .
 I am using the 8-12 cup basket filters as suggested . Coffe grounds end up in the Carafe and then in my cup of coffee.NOT GoodNot what I wanted.Back to the store it goes .
 I bought this at Target 2 weeks ago , it 's so bad I logged on to Amazon to trash it . I 'm going to donate it and claim $ 20 . cons : - the carafe is stainless steel so you ca n't see how much coffee is in it.-when brewing , the coffee just falls down onto the carafe and is supposed to go into a hole on the top . Many times it seems to overflow and fail . Coffee all over the counter-The clock light thing is totally unnecessary and useless.-When pouring the damn thing wont pour right . You have to damn near invert it to get coffee out.I ca n't believe i wasted $ 40 on this piece of crap . I 'd go Braun or maybe Cuisinart . I 'll never buy a Mr Coffee -LRB- And obviously Black & Decker ; makes 100 % junk -RRB- again .
 Bought this Coffeemaker last year from a local store . It worked fine until yesterday and then it caught on fire !!! I know it was n't the electrical socket and it was n't a power surge - It must have been something in the coffeemaker electric system . Fortunately I was able to put out the fire before it set the cabinets on fire . I can live with an occasional water spill as other reviews have mentioned but not with a fire !! I will never buy a Mr. Coffee product again . Oh and of course the warranty is 2 months over the 1 year mfg. warranty -LRB- not that I would want a replacement -RRB- .
 I 've had this coffee maker now for over one year and I 'm writing this after yet another destroyed pot of coffee.Here 's the short of it . The coffee filter will fold over while brewing , causing most of the water to bypass coffee and pour into pot along with a bunch of grounds.Plus there lots of little things wrong with it that make you wonder about the quality , like the notice system that beeps when the pot is done brewing . It sometimes works , sometimes does n't , sometimes just beeps randomly.Also the level that stops the coffee from brewing into the pot -LRB- so you can take an early cup -RRB- works less than half the time.It 's basically a poorly designed piece of junk .
 Besides the constant brown debris build up in the lid which flakes out in the coffee despite all creative attempts to clean it , this brewer is the worst thing , repeat , worst thing I have ever bought . If I had a dime for every time it brewed onto the counter , down cabinets and onto floor instead of into the pot I 'd have enough to buy the good coffee brewer I 'm going out to buy now.Feel like starting your day with lukewarm coffee and also love cleaning up spilled coffee ? Well then ; This is the coffee pot for you!Gone to buy a coffee brewer made by ANY other mfg ` r.
 This is the worst coffee maker I 've ever purchased . The lid has never worked properly and leaks everywhere when pouring coffee . I 've had this two years and now the pause and serve feature is broken . I 've suffered with this long enough . I 'm going back to the Cuisanart I had before . It costs more but it is so much better !
