 I had read numerous reviews about this griddle and everyone raved about the quality and eveness of heat distribution and cooking . I waited three months for it and have never been so disappointed in a product . The handles felt thin and sharp on the edges . The feet were likewise sharp on the edges and did not sit totally level on the counter . I followed the instructions , washed it , seasoned it with some canola oil and then proceeded to cook breakfast for our guests . It held 8 pancakes at a time . The two near the control never got brown , the four in the center were almost black and the two at the far end came out beautiful . I tried it repeatedly that morning with the same disapppointing results each time . Maybe I got a lemon , but it certainly did not live up to it 's glowing reports and did not do half as well as the cheaper model from a competitor that I have been using .
 Our children purchased this product for us , on our recommendation , on the strength of some nice reviews on Epinions and a few other websites . Our overall experience with this product was unfortunately not positive . After just over 1 year of usage the product is no longer usable , and an email sent to the published customer service address at BroilKing went unanswered.Pros
 I do not recommend this product at all . I 'm on my second and found the side opposite the thermostat heats up to over 100 degrees hotter then the side next to the thermostat . Avoid this product .
 To say my griddle cooks a tad unevenly would be an understatement . The two sides are way off ! That 's ok for bacon . -LRB- I like mine crisp and hubby likes his underdone -RRB- The temp difference on the two ends are not good for pancakes . I bought one of these for my folks too and they have the exact same problem with theirs . I 've tried contacting Broil King - no reply!On a more positive note
 I love shopping at Amazon . One of the main reasons is the reviews . I love that I can get other peoples opinions of a product before I buy it . So why , you might ask , would I still purchase this Princess Bed Topper when it only received 2 stars ? As I have just packed it up to return it , I 'm asking myself the same thing.It assembeled very easily . Then it went downhill from there . The idea is cute , but the execution is horrible . There are 3 `` doors '' on the piece . Two allow you to store things under the bed and the third is for the child to climb in and out of . They are all at the same level . If I place it over the bed as shown in the product photo , the door for the child to climb through opens to reveal mattress , making it impossible to get in and out through . Not to mention that the door is at the headboard end of the popup . That would be the end that you push against a wall . So , that door is completely useless . The doors used for storing things under the bed are so small , they are also useless . Not to mention that the construction of this piece is such that , were I to keep it , I would n't expect it to last more than a few months at most . But since I 'm returning it today , we 'll never know .
 horrible ... too big for the twin bed ... flopped all over then it was alsmost impossible to get it back into the box to return ... sent it back ... hope you got it
 I bought this for my 4 year old as a cute temporary bed untill I get her a real bed as the above review says it doesnt fir over a headboard and foot board as I originally thought , whish wasnt that bad I guess you just use a twin size bed frame . Mine was missing a pole , and I tried for several days to contact customer service and as of today have still not got anywhere . The bed topper is cute and pretty cheap and should last a while if your child is over the age of 4 .
 This bed topper does not fit over a bed with a headboard and footboard .
 I was so hopeful on this one I bought 2 sets at once ! Too bad for me . A gzillions threads came out almost immediately and the finishings melted down as a result , the material is hard and raw . Forget about NOT IRONING after a wash and dry if you do n't want to leave half your cutis on the sheets!STRICTLY AVOID !
 Have n't recieved the sheet set yet but I am already disappointed with the order . I placed the order on a Friday morning hoping it might ship out that day since it says `` usually ship within 24 hours '' . Product did n't actually ship till the next Thursday . Having family in town this weekend and no sheets for my new bed ! Thanks for the slow processing . : -LRB-
 I originally bought these for my new espresso machine . They arrived packed loose , just wrapped in bubble wrap , so I guess they are just sitting on a shelf somewhere in a warehouse waiting to be purchased . One of them had a stain on the stainless steel part , and when I washed it it would n't come out . So I sent them back . Return was easy enough and my money was refunded promptly . Thanks for that , Amazon . I guess they just were n't what I was expecting.If you are charmed by the combination of stainless steel and porcelain like I was , take a closer look . When you are holding it in your hand it does n't feel as nice as a solid-porcelain cup would have . The stainless steel base is hollow and it just looks and feels awkward . Be sure this is what you want , do n't buy on a whim .
 First of all , this is a 10 % Kona BLEND , it is not 100 % Kona coffee!Second , it is a 7 oz . bag , which is less than 1/2 pound.For the price , you would do better to go direct to the Lion Coffee site . So much for rarity.As for flavor , it 's not much better than cafeteria coffee . I found it lacking in aroma and flavor.Granted , the lion is a great looking brand , and it makes a cool souvenir to bring back to friends but , like the Macadamia nuts , it tastes much better in the islands . Save your money and buy a keychain instead . If you 're looking for a nice Kona blend , keep looking .
 It arrived quickly & in good condition . It has good flavor . Nice product .
 I bought the Little Green the day after we adopted a puppy . Although it does a sufficient job suctioning accidents out of carpeting , I would not recommend it.Positives : -- Good at absorbing spills or other liquids from carpeting -- Compact and easy to storeNegatives : -- Dirty water pools in the bottom of the unit under the tank that collects the dirty water . -- The unit then leaks the dirty water out the bottom while using it . -- It is extremely difficult to clean . -- The dirty water never seems to be fully emptied even after taking the entire unit and dumping it upside down . -- It smells horrible ! Even emptying it immediately after every use has not prevented it from smelling awful while using the machine . I think this is because the dirty water is never fully emptied . Hot , soapy water suctioned up after a clean up has not helped to remove the lingering smell .
 While this little machine cleans well but it is poorly design from a maintenance and easy of cleaning prospective . The catch tank is feed from the bottom through a 2 inch pipe that is split into two functions , return water and air return . The machine can never get all of the water up the 6 inches of feed pipe so it leaks out the bottom into the area under the catch tank -LRB- This area is nearly impossible to clean -RRB- ! The dirty water feed should have been near the top of the tank and the air return should not be in the tank at all.The tank does not lend itself to cleaning either . The return pipe has so many nooks and crannies that dirt builds up quickly , even with immediate rinsing and only after a half a dozen quick uses , and there is only a 1 inch hole in the top available to clean it . Another fault the catch tank is actually about 12 inches high but you can only use the bottom 6 due to the placement of return water outlet . All in all , the designers never used or had to clean this little green monster , neither should you ! Do n't buy this .
 I used this a few times for our sofa and to spot clean carpets . The spray nozzle has always been a bit leaky but it did spray and if you did n't mind solution/water all over your hand , the spray was decent . Less than a year and less than 15 uses later it does n't work . The nozzle does n't work and the machine leaks so bad -LRB- even without water in the tanks -RRB- we have to keep it stored in a sink in our laundry room and it smells really bad the first time you use it if you have n't used it for a month or so . Save your money and buy something else . What a waste of money .
 I bought this unit after a friend recommended it to clean pet stains , despite reading all the negative reviews . The first time out I used it on a stain about 6 x 8 '' , and I used Bissell 's Pet Stain shampoo . Long story short
 Although I truly like the idea of owning a small , portable unit to aid me in keeping my furniture and rugs spotless , this little green machine falls flat on its face because material defects render it virtually useless . The design and layout of the unit are straight-forward and logical and , in theory , should work effortlessly.However , the design requires water to be drawn through a hose into a receptable and in doing so , dirty water passes by a seal separating air-intake and water exhaust . Unfortunately , this seal quickly turned from impenetrable to quite the opposite . True , on the surface , this is not a major flaw and it is seemingly easily fixed - if you are a little handy and inventive . Unfortunately , the break-down of the seal allows water to flow into the motor of the unit where it can either cause severe damage by shorting out the motor , or -LRB- and worse -RRB- , it can cause an electric shock.My hope is that subsequent models no longer suffer from this flaw and hence , I advice you to look into newer models or models from competitors and stay away from this one despite of its appealing price.Shame on Bissell for releasing this crap . I , for one , will stay away from Bissell in the future and will look towards competitors for alternative products . Once bitten , twice shy .
 I loved this when I first bought it . I used it and it did a wonderful job , however is has now started to leak . The resevoir that holds the dirty water leaks everywhere . When I googled it apparently this has happened to most people . I have only owned it a year .
 Used it one day for about 15 minutes , worked fine . It sat for a few weeks and it no longer sprays the cleaning solution . Tried to troubleshoot the problem per manual . No luck . Losing patience with this machine . Probably make a good boat anchor .
 My sister and I each purchased this Bissell model because we both own dogs and there are a couple of carpeted rooms in our homes . I had researched the Bissell Proheat and the reviews all said the sprayer mechanism melted and quit working and they had recommended the little green without the proheat feature . Well , after a few months my sister 's machine stoped sucking up the water and after a year the sprayer on mine completely stopped spraying . I have switched over now to the Bissell Spotbot for Pets and so far so good . It 's got the handheld manual hose feature and the hands free smart clean which I LOVE because there is no scrubbing involved . I recommend it . As for the Little Green Machine and the Pro Heat models . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY or TIME !!! We had to just pitch them both in the end because it would have cost more to fix them then to replace them completely . : -LRB-
 This product appeared to be the best for my needs BUT the solution tank leaks and so does the replacement that Bissel sent me . It 's a poorly made plastic tank design . Be prepared to empty it each time you use it or it will puddle on the floor .
 I actually was stupid enough to buy this machine TWICE . After the first one stopped sucking -LRB- only one year old -RRB- I wandered into Sears , looked at all the models , and concluded this one was the easiest to use again . Then , THAT one broke after being used about six times . Now , I am going to try the Hoover after reading the Amazon reviews . Wish me luck : -RRB-
 As well as it 's poorly designed tank system which you can never get totally clean , it just does n't work that good in general . I have had this little green machine for a couple years now and only used it a couple times . The reason ? Because woolite oxy deep and a rag works a million times better ! It is more frustrating to pull out this machine and while you think it is going to be easier cleaning up a mess it is n't . i have to scrub harder with the bissel attachments then I would with just a rag . Save your money & buy some oxy deep !
 I used this machine once successfully . The second time I tried to use it , the spray simply would n't work . I cleaned everything over and over again just as they suggest in the troubleshooting guide , but to no avail . One use for $ 70 ? I could 've had all the carpet in my house professionally cleaned for that ... Very disappointing .
 I read both positive and negative reviews on the Little Green . I decided to give it a try . The negative reviews proved to be more accurate . The spray nozzle never worked quite right from the start . When it did `` spray '' it just dribbled out and never hit the spot . I ended up spraying the cleaning solution on my spots with a squirt bottle , scrubbing with the attached brush and then sucked up the extra solution with the vacume .
 We bought this product because we have an elderly cat , who gets ALOT of hairballs . It does a fantastic job cleaning our light beige carpet from these nasty little messes ... but I am truley disappointed that I can not take the machine completely apart to clean it . I can not find instructions anywhere on how to disassemble the machine to clean it . We 've had it for a little over a year and a half now and after we use it , and do all the things the instructions tell us to do to keep the hose and parts clean , it still gets moldy ! YUCK . I think that is the reason why on the newer models of this machine Bissell choose to make the hose green colored , instead of the clear hose like the older machines have , becuase they do n't want you too see the mold growing . I would n't recommend this machine based on the mold factor .
 In theory , this is a good machine . It did , in fact , work as advertised for a brief time - then it started to smell . All of the urine , drinks , vomit , whatever nasty stuff you just vaccumed up from your carpet , starts to pool under the holding tank . As it festers there , the exhaust fan takes that wonderful aroma and blows it all over your house . This , to an extent , is simply a nuisance - bad smell and extra clean-up of the machine itself - until it starts leaking all of that crap back into your carpet , making more mess than you started with . The first time this happened , Bissell customer service sent a replacement unit . We started having the same problems with it shortly after we received it . Bissell only wants to send us another -LRB- no doubt defective -RRB- unit - so unless you want to be stuck with a stinky , urine-leaking , mess-maker , do n't buy this product !!
 I got this product brand new from the box and I was very exited to use it at the begining because it was easy to use and not heavy but I was very dissapointed to find out the suction is really bad , from scale 1-5 this is a 1 barely any suction and for the price this is not worth it . Do n't waste time and just so you can verify this review get one of this machines in walmart and test it you 'll return it the same day and Bissell if you really want more customers to buy your products please work something out , so you can have more suction power into these machines , extra features will matter if machine works at customers satisfaction .
 Everytime I 've used it , I really have to press HARD on the suction wand . It takes FOREVER to get the water out . I would not get another one of these . .
 The machine actually works pretty well . My issue is that the plastic covering that houses the brushed is cheap plastic . I 'm on my third one in a year and the new one broke within a week of receiving it from Bissell . I had the same problem with Bissell 's vacuums ; cheap plastic parts breaking . I wo n't be buying Bissell anymore . Maybe it 's just my family , we have 3 kids , 3 cats , and a dog so our cleaning products get a lot of use . Take it for what it 's worth but it 's not like we were doing the entire rug with the steamer . Again , the machine works well when things on it do n't break .
 This product worked great the first 3 times I used it . Now for some reason , the sprayer will not dispense any water . I can only use the suction part . Judging from other reviews , this seems to be a common flaw in this machine . Do not buy . Waste of money .
 When I first bought this product , I was extremely pleased . Then the little flap that lays atop the return tank did n't connect properly and the suction was compromised . Then I got bad leaks at the bottom of the unit . I used this unit only 10 times . I am within the warranty period and I am currently trying to get my money back .
 I bought the Little Green machine new . I used it twice , once to clean a spot on an area rug and once to clean car upholstery . The next time I tried to use it the machine would not turn on . No power at all . I changed outlets . Still no power . Tried the switch several different times . No juice . It is absolutely ridiculous that a new product can only be used twice before it breaks . The machine I have was never dropped or abused in any manner . It was cleaned carefully after each use and store properly indoors . If this is how Bissell creates products then I 'll never buy from them again .
 THE BAD
 I bought this after coming back from vacation , and finding that my cat used my brand new couches as a litter box . It started out working fine for the first time I steamed the couches . Then I noticed that it seemed to be leaking from the bottom of the machine the second time . The third time I noticed that the trigger leaked solution water on my hands . The fourth time I was already used to the problems that I was encountering.I let my friend use the machine once to clean his bed because his dog marked his mattress . He gave it back to me letting me know about the leaking and what not.I come back from my last vacation to find that my cat did the same thing . I break out the Little Green to clean up the mess again to find that the machine does n't suck anymore . There is no longer any vacuum after only 5 uses . This machine is not worth the time or the money even if you are desperate . Now I have to go buy a different cleaner so I can hopefully salvage my couches .
 I originally bought these for my new espresso machine . They arrived packed loose , just wrapped in bubble wrap , so I guess they are just sitting on a shelf somewhere in a warehouse waiting to be purchased . One of them had a stain on the stainless steel part , and when I washed it it would n't come out . So I sent them back . Return was easy enough and my money was refunded promptly . Thanks for that , Amazon . I guess they just were n't what I was expecting.If you are charmed by the combination of stainless steel and porcelain like I was , take a closer look . When you are holding it in your hand it does n't feel as nice as a solid-porcelain cup would have . The stainless steel base is hollow and it just looks and feels awkward . Be sure this is what you want , do n't buy on a whim .
 Unless you have a front loading wash machine , I would not recommend this comforter . It does not hold up well in a traditional wash machine . Twice I purchased this and twice it got ruined in the wash machine ... even on gentle cycle . I loved it - colors are great , soft , beautiful ... but do n't wash it !
 This product description includes the line `` 1-pack size of 25 '' , which I took to mean it came with 1 pack of 25 bags -LRB- the standard size of the refill product -RRB- . That is apparently not true , and I have no idea what that line is referring to .
 Used this item to replace a previous product from Rack Sack . This one is very cheap and flimsy.I did not return it , but I will not buy a Rack Sack product again .
 The blind is cheaply made and flimsy , as if it was really made of matchsticks . I ordered two and had to send one back because it was damaged .
 Perhaps a little picky of me but the item I received is of inferior quality from the one pictured.I received this
 I received this as a gift from my wish list . I love fancy salts , but when I opened the jar I was overwhelmed by a musty smell . It has not gone away . I 've never had this brand before , but that does n't seem normal to me . Has anyone else had this experience ?
 I read a review and was excited to try this salt . I did n't think it was anything special and would highly recommend Morton 's Kosher Salt which is far superior and more flavorable in my opinion . It is available at any grocery store and much cheaper too !
 Opening for water is too narrow to fill without splashing all over the counter . Cover is flimsy . Top of the machine has a `` brew regulator '' for setting mild to strong brewing -- the instructions do not say -LRB- in any of three languages -RRB- which end of the dial is which , and the icon on the dial reveals nothing obvious . Reusable coffee-ground basket which came with machine arrived bent out of shape.It does make coffee . The auto-pause works . The advertised feature on the box , proclaiming an on/off switch that actually lights up when `` on '' works really really well ! But all in all , a sloppy conception yielded a very sloppy machine . The people who designed and approved this thing for manufacture quite clearly never used it in a kitchen .
 We bought this model after we had out Mr.Coffee maker for a couple of years . The Mr.Coffee started to leak over night . This Hamilton Beach does too , except it started only after having it a week . You have to pour it extremely slow because the spout is small and the water tension will pull it down and the water goes pretty much everywhere except for the small opening for the reserve . Worst coffee pot ever . Comes on at 10PM instead of the set time 2:30 AM , and the clock is not back lit . Keep a flashlight handy if you want to see the clock . I really should have checked amazon first before buying . I ca n't believe there is only one review on here for the worst coffee pot in the world ! The lid is a PITA to open because of a stupid a ** latch . All it needed was a hinge . Why bring a latch into the design ? Making coffee use to be easy . Would not buy another product from HB . It 's 2011 and we still can not design a simple coffee pot.Do not buy if you have high blood pressure . -LRB- although you probably should not be drinking coffee anyways :-RRB- -RRB- This POS might send you over the edge .
 The seat foam was poor quality / low density ... not comfortable . Do n't feel that it would have held up for very long .
 I wanted a chair without arms . I guess that was my mistake because without arms , there is nothing securing the back of this thing in place . It tends to tilt back over time and the only place to tighten anything down is one screw knob located underneath the seat . This chair is MURDER on my back . I guess I 'll be buying a chair with arms . * grumble grumble *
 I needed a new desk chair and this appealed to me . I liked the price and while some of the reviews were not as flattering to this product as I would have liked I took a chance anyway . First , assembly was not hard at all . With the exception of one stubborn screw , the chair went together quite easily . Second , comfort sucks , I ca n't lean back even a little bit . Lastly , I have a lot of padding while the chair does not . Not a bad chair but definitely not a good one either .
 welding not steardy . Broke after a year making the chair useless . Problem with design . Otherwise , I sat comfortably on it for one year .
 This chair looks nice in the picture , but it is NOT !! Does not put together well . Back tilts back too far so you ca n't lean back comfortably . Also , the fabric around the edge of the seat itself started fraying within 2 months . I sent an inquiry to the seller and NEVER got a response . DO NOT BUY THIS !
 I 'm at my computer alot for long periods of time . This chair is NOT good at all for me . The cushion was worn down by the first week and is now just some fabric over the wood interior . It squeaks constantly , and is not conferable . I would NOT get this chair .
 I 've used this skimmer for about 3 months now . I have finally given up and ordered a different brand . This skimmer has been erratic and unreliable at best . It produces practically no skimmate .
 Not of the quality of a Rubbermaid product -LRB- so I thought -RRB- . First time we used it one of the handles came off and the stitching around the zipper raveled . Material light-weight . Would probably rip if you put anything heavy . We used it for Christmas Garland - which was not ! Would not recommend this product .
 This bag can not handle the weight of 6 foot artificial Christmas tree . Sure , the tree fits into the bag perfectly . But after carrying the bag a short distance , the fabric handles tore away from the bag , leaving holes in the bag . Without handles , this bag is practically impossible to move.Rubbermaid could fix this problem by having the handle fabric wrap all the way under the bag.Don ' t buy this unless you 're filling it with cotton balls , helium balloons , or packing peanuts . It can not carry heavy items like a fake tree .
 The bag ripped at the zipper once the tree was nicely packed . Once i picked it up with the handles ... RIPPED ! I thought Rubbermaid would have made it stronger to hold christmas trees .
 Ordered this from Amazon and received it today . Also purchased a 7.5 ' tree -LRB- after christmas sale at sams club -RRB- and put it in the bag . Tree fit easily into the bag , bag zipped up easily . Bag appears to be about 60-70 % % full with my tree . Picked the bag up with both handles , and one handle immediately ripped from the bag , even before I got the bag off of the ground . Surprisingly , other handle is intact , and is able to support weight of tree alone , but you ca n't carry the bag with one handle , too unwieldy , and I expect 2nd handle to tear from bag if I use it this way .
 I ordered this bag and got the confirmation through email . 3 days later I was notified that the order was canceled - no reason . I went back to the same item on amazon and I found out the problem . The price went up $ 50 . Not happy and not going to use this company again .
 I would have bought this item because Rubber Maid is a good name for storage . Too bad they decided to call it a holiday tree bag and not a Christmas Tree bag . At least they are being PC ... I guess . But they lost a sale for it .
 I expected the quality of this product -LRB- Rubbermaid 3P2600 -RRB- to be as good as other Rubbermaid products I 've owned in the past . The display is misleading . In order to get the flat structure that the picture illustrates , one would need to put a large box inside this bag - one that fits as perfectly as the one in the picture . I expected the bag to have a solid form - like the picture . I did n't realize I would have to provide the structure so it would stand up that way . Also , I should have paid closer attention to the dimensions - I expected a much smaller container . I was definitely misled by the picture ... and disappointed.After giving this more thought I see how it could be a great dust protector to cover a box . If you do n't like a lot of brown cardboard boxes that get dusty - eventually begins to break down over time after years of loading/unloading for holiday use - these would make a nice cover if the box dimensions are right . I prefer using the heavy roughneck style storage bins for this kind of storage .
 I got it for my tree -LRB- obviously -RRB- , and the moment I tried to lift it with the tree inside , I heard a ripping sound . Sure enough , it ripped right by the handles . It 's not sturdy enough to hold a tree . Maybe if it was a lightweight tree , it would be OK , but alas , mine , not so much . The plus is that it keeps dust out -LRB- hence the 2 starts -RRB- . The minus is that if you rip holes in it , dust get in anyway . Would not recommend .
 After placing my tree in the bag , I grabbed the handles to move it and the straps ripped right off . My tree is n't that heavy and you can lift the tree by one hand .
 This bag is not as substantial I thought it would be after reading the description . Before we even completed packing the tree , a tear occurred in a seam . The tree fit the bag , so the tear did n't result from forcing a too big tree into a too small bag , nor did we puncture the bag . Evidently , we received the bag with a weakened area in the seam near the tear .
 Tree bags sound great , but unlike the picture , the bag has no shape and is a bulky mess when filled with a Christmas tree . Storage is almost impossible because the bag lacks structure . Also , it 's hard to shove a small tree in this bag -LRB- mine was just 6ft -RRB- ; I ca n't imagine people who purchased it for larger trees . Will find another option for my tree in the future .
 This only lasted one storage time before it ended up trashed , unfortunately . It just was n't very sturdy at all , and the handles did n't hold up .
 What a waste of money ! These ripped right away ! Handles pulled off , holes in the bags themselves . Forget it ! Save your money !
 As other reviews stated , this bag tears easily . I ignored the bad reviews because I really needed a bag to put my Christmas Tree away and I thought the others maybe got a lemon . As another person noted , the picture is misleading too , it is not rectangular but more like a big duffle bag . It did fit our 7.5 foot tree without a problem but ripped right at the zipper seam when my husband attempted to zip it up . Luckily , Amazon CS is great and is accepting the return . I got a replacement bag at wal mart for the same price that has wheels and seems to handle the weight better . I do not recommend this product .
 Bought these after last Christmas ... I purchased 6 & stored in our basement . In May our sump pump failed & basement flooded ... all of our trees were ruined & they were all in these Rubbermaid bags . The water did not even rise up to the zipper ... just the bottom half sat in water for less than 3 hours & the trees were saturated with water ! We had to throw all of our trees away !
 upon opening the box i found that one of the fan blade brackets was cracked . Returns are such a pain on amazon i decided to try and just put some super glue on the crack . hung the fan and everything was looking good . turned the fan on low . and the blade went flying across the room .
 My hampton bay fan was broken within 2 years and then the customer service dragged more than 2 months after numerous emails to deny the issue . If you are buying the fan because of life-long warranty , you will not be able to enjoy the warranty . They make you ship your fan at your cost , which is more expensive than the fan itself .
 I bought this fan but after failing to install it I returned and bought the Hampton Bay fan.The installation was difficult . The instructions are so confusing it took me hours to install -LRB- and I am an engineer -RRB- . I believe the instructions are written in China and maybe they make sense to Chinese customers . I ended up buying the Hampton Bay fan which has much clearer instructions and it made better . A similar Hampton Bay fan is also cheaper .
 The digital cooker is confusing and not user freindly . Mine quit after 3 uses and it will be sent back for refund .
 The oven works great after you program the time . I use one like this one every day for the same thing with a manual timer and it is FAR superior because it takes so long to program the time each and every time you use it . I gave this one away to a friend and went back to my old one -LRB- half the cost -RRB- . There is nothing wrong with how it works as an oven , I just could not put up with the inconvenience of setting the timer .
 I purchased this item after carefull research to get the best . I broke the lid after a few months use . I sent to the distributor to order a replacement . It took 2 months after repeated correspondence and then the replacement did n't fit . When I wrote to them letting them know that I checked the site and apparently ordered the correct replacement but that it did n't fit , I was told that they stopped making the correct lid due to problems `` exploding '' and that the replacement was too small . I was told that there is no recourse . So , whatever you do , Do n't Break the Lid !
 My lid `` exploded '' also . My husband said it was leaning against something and slipped down to the counter and `` exploded '' . I had only used the crock pot once !!! Beware !
 Even on the lowest setting -LRB- `` WARM '' -RRB- this thing boils and thus eventually burns anything you put in it . I got this as a Christmas Gift last year and I wish I would have used it sooner so I could 've returned it . You can not touch the lid once the unit is hot or you will get burned . -LRB- By the way , the lid is glass . How stupid is that ? -RRB- The outside casing does n't stay too cool either . I guess for the price you get what you pay for . So , I 'm goiong to give mine away .
 I do not have a thick mattress and these did not fit . First time I ever had this happen , sheets are usually way to big for my bed . I ordered 2 sets so I could put one fitted on my box frame and it did not even fit that . Plus I ordered it in black and the stiching is in white .
 Sometimes you get what you pay for ... . Have washed several times and still rough and stiff . Will try another brand next time .
 These sheets were disappointing as was the quality . I compare them to sheets I 've purchased at closeouts . The stitching was irregular and stood out because white thread was used on the orange sheet . Also , the fitted sheet did not fit our full size bed . The pockets were n't deep enough -LRB- our mattress was average depth and size -RRB- and I had to pull and tug daily to get the sheet back over one of the corners of the mattress . I 've since gotten a new fitted sheet through ebay and will not purchase fitted sheets through Amazon again .
 Ugh ! These sheets are awful ! If you like the feeling of sandpaper against your skin then you might like them . They are rough and prickly . I tried washing them 5 times in one day to get them to `` soften '' up ... but they never did . If you have sensitive skin like me ; do NOT buy these sheets .
 Did not fit well , baggy and loose , stitching very poor , uncut threads , elastic probably will not last through very many washings , color shown was a light pale yellow , color received is so bright they look cheaper than they are . Very disappointed .
 Sheets today are made with a high thread count and we find them way too soft and wrinkly . I bought these sheets thinking they would be better because the thread count is low , but they feel very `` bumpy '' and feel coarse and they are n't very nice to sleep on !
 NOT HAPPY WITH THE COLOR ... IT 'S MORE OF A HOT PINK ... THOUGHT IT WOULD BE A DEEPER RED ... HAVE N'T USED THEM ...
 This is one of the worst pieces of garbage i have ever bought ! I spent extra money because I thought I was getting hardwood , but this POG is mostly made of composite board . the pieces did not fit together well and the whole thing collapsed after i finished loading CD 's onto it . I had to reconstruct it using screws . UGH !
 WISH I HAD READ THE OTHER REVIEWS ... DOES NOT COME WITH FRAME FOR MATTRESS ... PICTURE SHOWS COMPLETE BED AND NEVER SAW ANYWHERE THAT STATED DIFFERENT ... ONE SIDE PANEL CRACKED AT SEAM ... WAS ABLE TO GET BACK TOGATHER ... BUT WILL NEED GLUE ... NOW I HAVE TO FIND MATTRESS FRAME ... PAINT ON FRONT AND SIDES NICE BUT COULD HAVE A LITTLE MORE ON BACK ... TO MUCH OF A HASSEL TO TRY AND REPACKAGE TO SHIP BACK ... NOW OFF TO FIND BED FRAME ... SO BEWARE OF WHAT YOU SEE ...
 SCANDAL !!!!!!!! THERE IS A MISREPRESENTATION IN THE PHOTO !!! DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!! YOU WILL NOT GET WHAT YOU PAID FOR !!!!!
 This bed does not come with the link spring that is essential for supporting a mattress . It comes with only the back panel and two side panels . What a hassle to have to search for a link spring after putting the bed together . Bed itself is nice , but it certainly is not a bargain for what you get .
 Even though it says that these are Sateen , they are not . I sent them back because they were n't and could find no indication that they were . For the money though , the sheets seemed to be nice and Amazon did a pretty good job of refunding my money promptly .
 THe people who SAY these are SOFT dont know what SATEEN feels like . We went from 400TC to these and ended up putting the 44tc back on because it was like sleeping on a PAPER NAPKIN !!! THey are soft ... but not as soft as they SHOULD BE ! If youre going from targets 250tc sheets to these youll be happy ! But in my opinion THEY ARE NOT SATEEN !
 Must write a review so I may save someone else from a sleepless night . Sheets were washed and still felt like sandpaper . I literally had to sleep in the guest room . I guess the old saying `` you get what you pay for '' applied . If you are used to nice sheets , you will hate these.The egyptian label is very misleading . It only take 1 % egyptian cotton thread to qualify sheets as such . Watch to be sure that you are buying 100 % egyptian.Given this from a sheet supplier , but good food for thought . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The strength of the magnetism on the magnetic tape is not what I consider strong.The intended use of the tape was to hold many small sockets on a board inside my tool box.The sockets do stay in place if the board is not moved too quickly . I had expectations that there would be some resistance to lifting a socket but there is barely any . Long Allen sockets and long Torx bits laying on their side hold better as they have more surface area against the tape.Not a good product for my project .
 We ordered 3 of these shelves , and they each arrived in their own separate packaging . Each of them had chipped paint and were of the very poorest quality of construction . We returned them , and ended up making our own shelves .
 When purchasing a `` clock radio '' , one expects to get adequate feature/functionality from both the clock AND the radio . I bought this for my office because it `` looks nice '' on my desk.THE CLOCK - sufficiently displays the time in digital format - fancy `` rainbow '' display allows the user to choose virtually any color for the digital display . - date and day of week displayedTHE RADIO - horrible , terrible , awful , intolerable reception , even with the little antenna stretched out . Unable to accurately find/tune to even the most powerful local signals . Arrrggh . - Sound Chamber -LRB- TM -RRB- creates a FULLER sound from a small package . - provides jack for external audio sources -LRB- mp3 , dvd , cd computer -RRB- CONCLUSION
 Purchased this grinder as a Christmas gift for my mother with arthritis . We opened it up , put the batteries in and the motor spun for about a second ... literally . It sounded like it drained the batteries . Tried a fresh set with the same result . Upon further inspection , it seems the motor would not turn the shaft . Can not recieve a replacement , so I guess a refund will do . Going to try my luck with a more expensive grinder and hope for the best .
 After searching high and low for a reasonably priced electric pepper mill , I decided to give this one a try , as I liked the look and the price.I 'm sorry I wasted my time and money , as I now have to return this piece of junk , after fighting with it for 30 minutes to try and get it to work.Sending it back immediately . Sigh .
 Received a lemon . Installed 4 fresh aaa batteries , unit does n't power on . This is going back to Amazon . Totally waste of time .
 After installing the two AAA batteries , I found that it would not grind the pepper that was included . It quit as soon as it started . Did n't make any noise , as though something might be caught in a mechanism , but just quit . The size , smaller than other products , was attractive , but the performance was nonexistent .
 This mill feels cheap with all its plastic parts . I was disapointed that the mill often gets clogged or will not grind so that you have to release the button over and over to get amount of pepper you want . One of my biggest gripes is the huge chunks of peppercorn not ground up . My boyfriend argues this point as he likes the bigger pieces better .
 The product itself is lovely and fits the specs as stated , but mine came in packaging that definitely showed signs of prior use . Stickers were ripped out of packaging , and worse still , my mill came half-full of pepper . Not for the faint of heart .
 I bought this to replace a wonderful product that was no longer available . The old product used 9 batteries . This one uses only 4 and it is not powerful enough . After a feeble spit of pepper , it would no longer grind . Tried taking it apart and cleaning it , adjusting the coarseness of the grind
 I bought this grinder based on the reviews and believe me they must have been planted because this is the worst pepper mill I have ever used . I am returning it even though I 'll lose money because it 's completely useless . I 'd give it negative stars if I could ! It does not grind the pepper evenly . It 's more like cracked pepper and the chunks of pepper when you grind it range anywhere from whole peppercorns , half peppercorns , some coarse and some fine pepper flakes . The adjustment knob on the bottom does nothing as far as I can tell except maybe give you a few more or less whole or half cracked peppercorns with the grind . I wanted some coarse ground pepper for a salad and ended up having to put what came out of this mill in a plastic bag and smash it with a mallet to get a coarse grind suitable for a salad so I would n't have to bite down on huge chunks of pepper .
 Needed a one-handed pepper mill for SO who 's had a stroke . I put this together - very easy - but the problem is , it wo n't stay together . The casing over the batteries would not attach , and the whole thing fell apart upon my attempts to use it . I had peppercorns flying all over the kitchen . Back it goes to Amazon .
 I put all 4 AAA bateries , however when i push the button it does ` nt work , seems to be broken , i feel very disapointed about it .
 I purchased one of these a few years ago . I loved it , and it finally bit it !!! So , I bought a new one here , and it never ran more than 10 seconds !!! I thought it was my batteries . I kept going to the store and buying new ones , but the peppermill never lasted more than 10 seconds , then no seconds . I 've never really had a chance to use it and it saddens me , because by the time I pack it up and ship it back , it 's about the same monetarily as just throwing it in the garbage !!! Perhaps a different brand may work longer than 10 seconds ???!!! : -LRB-
 This pepper mill is a joke . First of all , it is not a stainless steel finish as advertised . Instead it is chrome covered plastic . It took me 1/2 an hour to get the thing to power up after putting in the batteries . Finally it kicked in and worked for about 10 seconds , spitting out little bits of pepper - then it died altogether . I had to wait a few minutes for it to cool down before it would grind again . Worthless product - do n't waste your money !
 The original product lasted at least 6 years.September 2011 bought new one from Amazon ... seems motor or button faulty.CALL TRUDEAU 800 # !! Trudeau sent replacement in March.Now it 's April 2012 . Again poor motor or button . . Called Trudeau 800 # !! They are sending a different pepper millSo.good customer service , something sub standard about new version of what used to be a good product .
 We had a Trudeau pepper mill for almost a year before it died . My husband loved it so I decided to get him another one . Unfortuately , this pepper mill 's motor does not have enough power to grind the peppercorns . There must be some little thing wrong with it as the other one worked great .
 The vendor never sent me this poster that i ordered . I am very unhappy
 I had the same experience in Oct 2007 as the previous reviewer in Feb 2006 - Broken bowl upon arrival . The box seemed in normal shape , but the middle bowl was completely shattered . I 'm not going to even risk having Amazon replace them because I learned from a previous order that they only pay for one return shipment and then I have to pay return-shipping the next time even if they ship me another broken product .
 I had already one Oxford Biscuit Jar , in my home , and wanted a second one . But this company sent an inferior Crystal Biscuit Jar!It was smaller , had an entirely different image of a plant on the jar . Not what was shown on the internet when I paid for the product.Because I had opened the packaging , it was too difficult to resend without risking breakage.In conclusion , this was not what I paid for , and they should be removed from selling on Amazon.com.A Float
 1 . Amazon Description gives the impression that it includes the frame . But it does not and it will cost you over 60 $ to get that separately . It must state clearly that for this item you need to buy the frame separately or it will be worthless .2 . The cover has total of 3 cheap buttons to fasten the front -LRB- instead of a zipper or at least more buttons ! -RRB- and dust can easily migrate into the cover !! Which defeats the purpose.Unfortunately none of the comments included this information and it seems I am the only one who was dumb enough not to know what I am getting or dislike what I got.If you want to protect your clothing , get something else . I returned this product .
 Again discription not correct should indicate that racks should be bought with unit . what more would you like me say that it sucks .
 The picture shown for this item is extremely misleading !! It gives the impression that the price includes the garment rack -LRB- which is sold separately -RRB- .
 I got this when I lived next door to a smoker . It did help clean the air but not immediately as the neighbor was smoking but it cleared the air much faster than it would have if I was n't usint the unit.It was quiet and it had no filters I had to replace but if I left it on long enough this God awful metallic smell would come from it and it made the air feel heavy to me . Even after I 'd shut it off , it still had an odor to it.I would not recommend this unit . For me , it seemed bad for my health , just by the way it made me feel after it had been on for awhile .
 bought from local store . within 30 minutes the cleaning light came on . followed instructions , worked for 10 minutes , clean light again . tried several times to no avail to clean device . washed blades and dried them , still problems . . cleaned the `` ionizer wire '' with a cloth -LRB- as well as the apparently USELESS cleaning lever -RRB- , same deal . This thing is junk , I wish I would have read the reviews on this wonderful piece of ... equipment before buying it . I 'll stick with my noisy yet cleanable IFD air filter .
 HiI rarely write reviews , I just want to spare everyone the misery of having to deal with this.I have allergies , I was recommended by someone to buy purifier . Worked beautifully for 3 days , then the Clean light kept coming on ! every time I clean it as per the instruction , it would work again but shortly after turn off indicating that I need to clean the unit again!I called customer service , we went through a couple of things . It did n't work . I went back to the store adn I got it exchanged , thinking this unit is not good . 4 days after exchange , Same problem ! this unit keep buzzing , and makes these sounds that are similar to the bug zapper , at night i saw the lights from the zapping between the plates ! mmmm would n't this be a fire hazard in a bedroom ! It cleans the air well , but for few days only ! I am tired of cleaning the plates every few hours to make it work again and this is when it 's less than a week old . I can imagine how long it will be on after a month!don ' t waste your money . I ca n't recommend other stuff here , but you may want to look into a different technologies called photocatalysisthey are expensive , but they work !
 I really liked this purifier for the 2 weeks that it worked . It made a great difference in the air . Unfortunately it has decided that it needs cleaning every day , and even then , will only run a few minutes at a time before shutting off again . I cleaned it a few days ago without the `` clean '' light ever coming on because we had it in the basement where we were putting in shelves and moving furniture around . So there was some extra dust.I cleaned it according to the exact instructions , waited a few hours , plugged it back in , and it worked for about 2 hours . Then it shut off and the red `` clean '' light came on . I pushed the start button , and it stayed on about 2 seconds before the light comes on and it shuts off . I re-started it a dozen times and it shuts off again every time . So , I cleaned it again , even though there were barely a few specks of dust visible on the blades . This time it stayed on about 10 minutes before the cleaning light came on and it shut itself off again . Tried again , same result . Apparently , once you clean it the first time , it is all over.This one is going back . It would be a good cleaning machine if they could fix it so it does n't keep shutting off for cleaning when it is already clean .
 Worked great for over a month . Then I would notice it would randomly be off . The on time then dwindled down to seconds , within 40 days it went from new to worthless .
 Purchased 3 Ionic Pro Turbos . Within 2 months use 2 did n't work at all and one made horrible hissing noises . Cleaned them according to manufactures directions . Finally called customer service and was told for just under $ 80 a piece I could ship them back to them -LRB- at my expense -RRB- and they would in turn send me 3 reconditioned ones -LRB- again at my expense -RRB- . When I asked to speak to a supervisor because I thought this was by no means a warranty , the rep , who spoke very broken English to put it kindly , told me it would n't do any good . That is Ionic Pros warranty . Have written letters , and tried to speak with a supervisor to no avail . Have already paid around $ 550 for the 3 machines and will certainly not be sending them another $ 240 to replace machines that should be covered under a real warranty . A rip off at best .
 This company does not offer any warranty service . The product does not last beyond a year and very poor quality . It is not worth the money they are selling it for .
 Ionic Pro Turbo - Buyer beware . Unit worked OK for about one month , and then cleaning frequency increased until we were doing a Deep Cleaning daily , as the unit would just sit and squeal . Contacted Customer Service , which is really an oxymoron , because there was no `` service '' involved . After days of sitting on hold , leaving messages trying to get a hold of a Customer Service Rep , as they never returned calls , they authorize the return of my defective unit for exchange . Now for the warranty , it does not cover the cost to return the unit to CA , which I could accept under protest , but then upon receipt of the defective unit you need to call them and provide them with a credit card to cover their $ 39.95 processing fee ... excuse me ... I have to pay additional costs for a defective unit ? Unit is made in China ; the product probably costs less than $ 39.95 . I 'm cutting my losses and dumping my unit in the trash , I 'll find a real company and a unit that actually works .
 I owned this item for four months . The unit does not continuously stay on by design . On the `` high '' setting it turns on for 5 seconds , then off for 5 seconds , then on for 5 seconds , then off for 5 seconds ... forget about cleaning the air in a larger room . After the third month it started making buzzing sounds . I followed all the guidelines for deep cleaning etc. but still did not help . Weeks later the unit failed to turn on at all . The customer support is sub contracted out and said they would replace it for about 1/3 the price of the product -LRB- for shipping -RRB- and replace it with another faulty unit . They even have a link to their legal department on their website , if that does n't say it all I do n't know what does !!! Do yourself a favor , do n't buy this unit , and do your research first ... there 's plenty of reviews with the exact same problem as mine out there !!! What a shame , their original unit -LCB- Ionic Pro CA-500 -RCB- did a great job , and is still running -LRB- over 5 years old ! - Real Customer
 I 've had this unit running continuously for a few months to clean the air in a large room . It 's been working fine , only needing occasional cleaning of the wire which is easily done by pulling up on the tab at the back , pressing it back down , and then turning the unit back on . You know when it needs this because it starts making snapping noises -LRB- arcs of electricity inside -RRB- . However , after doing this recently , it started making a very loud and continuous buzzing noise when I turned it back on . I figured it was time to clean the collection plates , so I got them out and cleaned them according to the instructions . They were pretty dirty , which is a good thing . All that dirt was removed from the air ! However , I 'm unable to get the collection plates back into the unit ! The instructions tell you how to get them out . You have to pull up on two tabs and pull the plate assembly forward . But no matter what I do , I ca n't get them to seat back inside the unit ! The instructions say absolutely nothing about this , either . I ca n't even find help on the Internet . Unless I figure this out , I 'll have to throw it away , which is a shame since it was expensive and has apparently only lasted long enough to require ONE good cleaning !
 this thing is n't worth it . have to clean itevery other day and when i do , it does n't lookthat dirty.not recommended .
 I purchased this for my bedroom based on some reviews I had read ; this was a mistake . There was a bleach like order from day one . We ran it for several days and even with windows open the smell lingered . My husband shut it off one night to see if the order would dissipate and it did . When he turned it back on , the odor came with it . I am asthmatic which is why we purchased to help with the allergens , and instead of helping , I had more respiratory problems . I will say though that it is very quiet . The only good thing I have to say . I would not recommend to anyone with known respiratory problems .
 If you can stand the horrible smell that this machine creates , I 'm sure it does a fine job cleaning the air . Had to take it back to Bed Bath and Beyond.I do n't think it is this specific air purifier that is causing the smell . I think it the type -LRB- Ionizing -RRB- that is causing it .
 I 've tried everything to make this air purifier work . It wo n't stay on ! If you want to waste your money on another China-made product that is junk , then buy this one . You 'll regret it .
 The positive reveiwers obviously rushed to post a review after just having purchased a unit . Silly consumers . Reviews are for the experienced . I 've owned my unit for 8 monthes now . It 's junk . The other reviews are either posted by the manufacturer or by those who just purchased their devices.After 11/2 months it starte making a lot of noise . After 2 months it started shutting off . Shortly after that it shut itself off after 2-3 seconds . No amount of cleaning helped . I had followed all of the istructions to the letter.When I called the company they said it was a known issue with no known solution . They asked me to send them my unit for a replacement . They said it would be an identical -LRB- i.e. defective -RRB- unit . I demanded a refund . They refused . Their warranty includes a bit that says that you ca n't sue . The WA attorney general says that 's unenforceable . I 'm probably about a month away from suing these folks for a chunk of punitive damages for fraudulent marketing . This is a piece of junk . Buy it only if you want to speculate on the possibility of joining a class action lawsuit against the manufacturer .
 This Type of Air Purifier is a Joke on Everybody Who Buys One.Save Your Money and Forget About it . The Wolfman
 I have an Ionic Pro Turbo and it will not stay on for more than a couple of hours before it shuts itself off . It is 2 months old and should be under warranty . I have called 1-800-875-8577 and they ask me to call that same number back but select option 1 for `` retail purchase '' . I tried numerous times but no answer . I emailed and they gave me another number 1-800-554-6051 and they too told me I had to call 1-800-875-8577 and select option 1 . After much persistance , I have now reached a live person twice , but both times , they disconnected me after I explained my problem . There is no doubt that they have no intention of honoring their warranty and it is too late to return to the store . Beware this product ! Every time I have talked to someone , it has obviously been a call center in India . As an added comment , the blue light is so bright that it is distracting in the bedroom . You 'll have to cover it up .
 I have 7 ionic air purifiers . Three are ionic pro where the collection blades are top loaded . They have been working daily like a gem for over a year . The frequency of cleaning depends on the amount of dust and allergens in the air . Our house is fairly clean - no smokers , etc. and I clean every 2-4 weeks . I also have two of the Ionic pro turbo which are front loading and they have been lemons since the beginning . They continuouly turn themselves off . If they have been sitting off for a few weeks , they will run about 24 hours when first turned on , then with each subsequent turn on , they run shorter and shorter periods of time ... . down to just minutes at a time . They are Junk . My other two are top loading Ionic Breeze by Sharper Image and they are great also ... . much like the top loading Ionic Pro .
 I really like the Ionic Pro Turbo . It does well at keeping the air clean , with very little ozone smell . The weekly cleaning is easy , although waiting 24 hours to dry is a long time . I have looked all over to find a replacement blade set so I can swap them out while one is drying . I can not find them anywhere . The ones made for the Ionic Pro -LRB- not turbo -RRB- do not fit in this air cleaner . So , great air cleaner , but replacement parts are not available .
 Ionic Pro Turbo - Buyer beware . Unit worked OK for about one month , and then cleaning frequency increased until we were doing a Deep Cleaning daily , as the unit would just sit and squeal . Contacted Customer Service , which is really an oxymoron , because there was no `` service '' involved . After days of sitting on hold , leaving messages trying to get a hold of a Customer Service Rep , as they never returned calls , they authorize the return of my defective unit for exchange . Now for the warranty , it does not cover the cost to return the unit to CA , which I could accept under protest , but then upon receipt of the defective unit you need to call them and provide them with a credit card to cover their $ 39.95 processing fee ... excuse me ... I have to pay additional costs for a defective unit ? Unit is made in China ; the product probably costs less than $ 39.95 . I 'm cutting my losses and dumping my unit in the trash , I 'll find a real company and a unit that actually works as advertised .
 The Ionic Pro Turbo worked great for about a week . I do n't have pets or an excessively dusty house . I followed the directions to the letter , but it continued to make the buzzing sound even after being cleaned . Now it wo n't work at all . I 've had it about 2 months . I 've cleaned it several times -LRB- not that there is anything to clean -RRB- and now as soon as I turn it on it immediately tells me to clean it . It 's not in a large room either . I am extremely disappointed in this item and would not recommend to anyone . I read in one review that they had luck with top loading purifiers , but I wo n't buy from this maker again .
 The Ionic Pro Turbo requires very specific cleaning instructions that are a pain . Nonetheless , I followed the instructions to a T . The unit buzzes loudly if it is not cleaned . In my case , no matter how much I cleaned it the unit began to buzz nonstop after 6 months . The manufacturer told me tough luck . They would replace it for $ 60 and I had to pay shipping to send the old unit back and get the new one . So the total cost was going to be $ 80 . I decided to pass and look for a higher quality better unit . Stay away from products from this company . They are unreliable .
 I recently purchased a total of five of these Ionic Pro room air purifiers . Out of those five , I already have issues with three of them . One does n't stay on . I have to keep turning it on . One makes a loud hum noise , so I have that one turned off and one stopped working all together . HORRIBLE ITEM AND EXPENSIVE . I would definitely not recommend or purchase again . I bought one from one seller and the other four from another seller . The sellers were both great ... it is the product that I would not endorse or recommend .
 Arrived via UPS . Unpacked it , read through instructions , set it up , turned it on . 3 minutes later , POOF ! turned off . Cleaned the blades and wire with rubbing alcohol . Tried it again ... . POOF ! turned itself off -LRB- with the Cleaning Light on -RRB- . Cleaned it about 30 more times , same result -LRB- tried alcohol , nail polish remover , water , Windex , Orange Glow , you name it - each time trying to be sure there was no residue after the cleaning -RRB- . Tried calling DBRoth about 5x , leaving messages , no reply . And apparently as it turns out , they WILL NOT accept returns on electronics . So , I called the manufacturer . They pushed and pushed and pushed me to return it to the retailer , which was of course useless . So , I began digging around on the web . ` Clean the Wires and Blades ' - repeated again and again . 2 weeks go by of hell with me trying to get the da ** thing to work . Finally , I figured ` screw it , I 'll try some steel wool to clean the wire ' -LRB- which was n't mentioned anywhere I could see on the web or per of course the manufacturer -RRB- . Low-and-behold - it worked . So in-effect , the wires out-of-the-factory were effectively defective , I went through hell trying to get DBRoth much less the manufacturer to help me , and figured out the cause on my own . It works perfectly now and I 've learned a great deal from the experience , but I 'd never go through that hell again .
 Same as another reviewer , this only worked about 1 and 1/2 months for me ... supposedly too late to return ! Same issue with constant cleaning and then not turning on at all . What a waste of money .
 I do n't normally post reviews , but wanted to validate and confirm some of the other reviews for this product.I did read the reviews prior to buying , but thought I 'd give it a try anyway.It worked ok for about 5 months , then began to shut itself off after an hour or two . I also experienced the cleaning light coming on a day after being exhaustively cleaned-according to the directions.I 've contacted customer service , and have yet to get a reply ; given others ' experiences with the customer service at the company , I 'm fairly skeptical.I expected more from the amount paid for this piece . Do n't bother with this item .
 Ionic Pro Turbo - Buyer beware . Unit worked OK for about one month , and then cleaning frequency increased until we were doing a Deep Cleaning daily , as the unit would just sit and squeal . Contacted Customer Service , which is really an oxymoron , because there was no `` service '' involved . After days of sitting on hold , leaving messages trying to get a hold of a Customer Service Rep , as they never returned calls , they authorize the return of my defective unit for exchange . Now for the warranty , it does not cover the cost to return the unit to CA , which I could accept under protest , but then upon receipt of the defective unit you need to call them and provide them with a credit card to cover their $ 39.95 processing fee ... excuse me ... I have to pay additional costs for a defective unit ? Unit is made in China ; the product probably costs less than $ 39.95 . I 'm cutting my losses and dumping my unit in the trash , I 'll find a real company and a unit that actually works as advertised .
 I had an Ionic Breeze for years and it worked fantastic . I also had an Oreck air purifier which also worked great but was expensive so I thought I would save money buying the Ionic Pro . Bad choice . Within 2 weeks it started making noise so I got out the cleaning instructions - did all the numerous things they require you to do -LRB- ugh -RRB- and cleaned with a damp cloth and set it out overnight before returning to the unit . For one , the blades collected almost nothing . Although my house is very clean I would have expected more . I use it for my allergies . I followed the directions to the tee but the darn thing started making that annoying noise almost immediately . Went through the steps again and again then the noise went away but now the unit turns off after a few hours . I have to set a calendar reminder to pump the unit once every 2 weeks which is so ridiculous.The product description and advertising is misleading and a joke . You just do n't wipe with a damp cloth and off you go - sorry not true . This product is a rip-off . I guess if you have nothing better to do but maintain this unit then it 's for you.Oh , by the way , calling customer service ? Right , they think of many ways not to make good on the warranty . What a surprise .
 It is really frustrating to spend good money on something to have it flake out after the warranty runs out . I have had similar problems like those described . The unit worked very well for about a year and a half and then the buzzing started in earnest . Previously this meant that a quick cleaning was indicated , but now nothing will eradicate the buzzing . We had to move it to the spare bedroom -LRB- where it does n't do much good -RRB- .
 I thought I would save money buying this product . I also have an IONIC BREEZE that is 3 years older . The ionic breeze collects `` considerably '' more debris and has worked trouble free for over 3 years . Both produce a sound if they need cleaning . I clean them routinely , usually before any sound is produced . After three months the Ionic Pro Turbo started to produce the high whining sound it is supposed to when needing cleaning , but it will not go away.The IONIC BREEZE is a more robust and reliable product , and if the collector blades are any indication , the IONIC BREEZE removed `` considerably more '' particles from the air in the room.I wanted to save $ 150.00 and went with the Ionic Pro Turbo and it was a mistake .
 I ordered 3 units . They arrived on time . But I had to return 2 of the units . The cleaning light came on and stayed on . The third unit seems to be working fine . Although I would have thought the light to notify me to clean the blades would have turned on by now it still has n't . I 'm just keeping a eye on the dust collection and cleaning the unit as needed . I can tell you this unit does do a great job of cleaning the air . I use it in my husbands office where not only he spends his day but our pet dragon lizard and large gerbil are housed . Since using you can enter that room and not know as soon as you walk in that some sort of pets live in there . Also extremely quiet to operate . One other bonus it does take out the pollen that has been in the air the last 4 weeks . You can actually feel the difference breathing in that room compared to breathing in the other rooms . B Russell
 AWFUL !! at the time i bought this there were n't any reviews to read so i bought it ` blindly ' . furthermore , i did not order from amazon ... that was my second mistake !! this thing is large , bulky and produces a weird odor -LRB- i guess they call it an ozone smell , but whatever it was it was totally undesireable to me !! -RRB- . i used it for 2 nights and both mornings i woke up all stuffed up and with a headache . the 3rd night i turned it off after about 2 hours and my stuffiness disappeared . i did this twice , just to be SURE . the blue ` on ' light is very bright at night which i did n't care for . i have heard others say that there is a strange buzzing/snapping noise after a few days of use and this did not disappear after cleaning it . i did n't experience that but i did n't have it long enough before knowing i wanted to send it right back where it came from !! i bought this product directly from the ionic pro turbo dealer . the shipping took almost a month -LRB- i even paid for a ` rush ' delivery -RRB- , plus the shipping costs were awful !! then i ended up sending it back making the shipping costs even higher . so , to make a long story short , it cost about $ 70 to TRY this product out -LRB- it has a 30-day FREE -LRB- ?? -RRB- trial -RRB- !!! shipping costs are not refundable -LRB- at least when buying direct -RRB- . i did n't use amazon to buy this , but i learned my lesson this time ... from now on , i will depend on amazon like i usually do :-RRB- -RRB-
 I have given this item a try over several years now and must say that it is a complete piece of junk and does not last past a few months of operation . Btw , I should clarify that not one single unit I purchased/replaced lasted more than 3-6 months . I first bought the Ionic Pro air purifier in 2009 for my new home and put it to use in my child 's small bedroom . At first , it worked silently for a couple of months but then began buzzing incessantly . Even after cleaning the unit regularly and exactly per manufacturer recommendations and calling their customer svc department to see if I was doing something wrong , they suggested I merely return the item and they would send me another unit -LRB- at a unit charge plus shipping cost of course -RRB- . This did n't make any sense to me given most units are under a 1-year warranty but that 's apparently their ` policy ' . In any case , I decided to keep giving them the benefit of doubt and continued to replace these units at my cost . But now , after 3 + years of EVERY SINGLE unit not lasting beyond 3-6 months , I have finally given up and recognize these units as a total waste of money.Net perspective from my long and frustrating journey shows that you should avoid purchasing this unit and look for other competing brands in the market . There is clearly something wrong with this technology which has not been fixed over many years . The ` silent operation air purifier ' idea is a good one but clearly this company has not manufactured a unit that lives up to that promise .
 Our Ionic pro turbo worked great for almost a month . We carefully cleaned it every week according to their recommendations . Unfortunately , it started turning itself off after a few seconds even after repeated cleanings . The only suggestion the company had was to purchase some new blades . They refused to replace or repair the unit . The concept is great but the product is only as good as the company producing it . We will certainly never purchase another of their products .
 They look nice but they are very , very easy to break seal where they screw to turn on - so then can ' t use them w/the batteries . Was disappointed w/them and glad only got 1 set .
 I sent the window candle lights back for a refund - not worth the money . There are cheaper products available with similar design and quality . The suction cups would not adhere to the window .
 The flame color of these candles is very orange . Will not look good if you are using white lights elsewhere . I could tolerate yellow or golden flame , but these were too orange . Base very cheap and lightweight .
 I open the box and the smell almost knocks you over it 's so bad , and it does n't go away either . It 's in the rubber but even un-opened and still some plastic wrap on it , it 's so awful you ca n't stand it.It smells like raw bug killer and makes you sick just having it in the house . I have to send this product back it 's so bad , and I never send anything back.The part that bothers me is that they HAVE to know this , and send it out anyhow .
 I Could not figure out why every time i turned on the wall mount 5 gallon it would stink . . a strange burning smell . . i thought perhaps it was electrical . . something in the motor ... but no , its the black rubbery edges of the filter . . they gas out a putrid smell . . the previous reviewer was right . . its the rubber on the filter that stinks and it does not quit gassing out . . bought a new filter and its the same smell . . the second reviewer is wrong . . he said it should n't be used indoors , , hogwash ... this small canister 5 gal vac is designed to be used indoors ... thats the beauty of it ... small and easy to move.the vac is nice , powerful , a little noisy . . but the filter literally stinks . . and why not a washable filter ? . . this falls apart with waterfix it shop vac ! ... i wonder if sears has a better filter that fits ?
 With all the good reviews not sure what I 've done wrong other than use it for wet pickup which it says it can be used for . After 2 months of little use my filter has literally disintegrated ... hopefully have n't damaged motor . Will try foam sleeve next instead .
 Been using this filter for several months and it will not stop smelling up the room when vacuum is in use . They used some nasty chemical in the manufacture of the black end rings and it stinks to high heaven . It simply will not stop outgassing ... . and i bought two of them . Yea . Would not buy this product again . -- Update 12/31/2012 -- Just came across this thing again after tucking it away for a year and guess what ? After an entire year , it still stinks !
 Knife arrived dull and had to be honed , straight out of the box ! I 've purchased Chicago Cutlery before and did not need to sharpen/hone until after using . Very disappointed , I hate to say .
 Not as dreamy a photo as I wanted it to be , the contrast is a little harsh , it 's just okay . If I find another one I like better I will replace it .
 I got my juicer from big Deal via Amazon . It just had some problem to begin with . The second time I used it , the juicer started jumping and make loud noises . Then 4th time I used it , the motor stopped working . I am returning my juicer . And going for Champion .
 I received this juicer as a gift . When I finally got it in the mail , I opened the box to find missing pieces , and no instructions . Amazon was great about sending a new one to replace it within days of my complaint . When I took out the new one , everything was there . I did a quick `` test run '' , turned it on , and everything seemed fine . Then , as I was getting ready to start juicing , the thing died . I tried the reset button , different outlets , nothing . If you want a juicer , go elsewhere . This thing is not worth the hassle , especially for a few cups of juice .
 I was given this juicer for christmas , what a piece of junk ! I was so excited to start juicing and gaining health , but you can not CAN NOT juice anything but cucumbers and green apples in this piece of crud . You put anything that is a leafy green in there and you do n't get juice . The pulp from the things you can juice is still FULL of liquid . If you try and juice anything that is remotely fleshy like an orange it goes crazy and gets off balance and tries to fling itself off the counter . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON OMEGA . They also have dismal customer service . When I called to ask about this product the gentleman I spoke to was more interested in speaking over me and explaining that many people enjoy the product even though it doesnt juice anything but firm fruits and veggies . They offered zero help . I would suggest not buying anything from Omega company . Spread the word !
 The design very nice , great power but very poor storage of the pulp , and there comes a time in which begins to vibrate and is the pulp , does not fill or a glass of juice when you have this problem .
 I was excited to receive this Omega juicer as it has the stainless basin and is supposed to be the ` top of the line ' for this type of product , but was horribly disappointed in it 's performance . It has trouble juicing just about everything , no matter how slow you feed it , and it shakes and moves so much it 's literally dangerous to use . And the cleanup is a nightmare . I bought a package of filters for it thinking that would make it easier to clean , but not really . I bought this juicer in an effort to interest my husband in a juice fast but the Omega is such a poor preformer that it completely turned him off of the idea . He wo n't touch it , and it shakes so much and is such a piece of crap that I would feel bad selling it to anyone for more than $ 10 !! No way would I put this thing on eBay for sale under my username - I 'd surely get negative feedback from whoever bought it !! I ca n't return it as I already threw the box away so i guess i 'll take this heap of junk to the donation bin at the local Goodwill . I bought a Breville juicer and we just love it . I have no idea how this Omega product is even on the market when people could just buy a Breville juicer . Do not waste your money on anything Omega sells , I feel that I have been ripped off -
 I purchased this juicer directly from the company on 4/9/2010 . The purchase was made on-line and I received a confirmation email . I waited two weeks if not more before receiving this product . There was no email notification or tracking item . I had to call to see if the item was still on its way . Once received , I found that the plunger was the wrong size . I called the company and explained that I waiting longer than expected ; would they please rush this as I did n't want to wait another two weeks . The plunger never came and I decide to give the juicer a try without it . I plugged it in and hit the button and nothing . Tried several times and obviously the juicer is broken . I called the company and explained the problems expecting the sales person to apologize and offer to send a new juicer immediately with the correct missing item . That was a mistake . Instead they told me to return the juicer and no they would refund any of my shipping charges . Also , I would pay a restocking fee . I 'm glad I used my credit card , but still more paper work to resolve poor customer service . I would never buy anything from this company again . One would think in today 's economy a company would offer the best possible customer service along with a good product . I can accept the product is defective and another would work fine , but such poor service is unacceptable . I 'm rating this item with one star , but only because I can not post this review without selecting at least one .
 This Juicer should have National Recall . After put only 11/2 apple juicer get out of balance , and there was nothing witch will stop this `` DANCE '' . How somebody even produce something like this ? Do they test this juicer at all ? . Yes this juicer -LRB- using with filter -RRB- before start `` DANCING '' produce the best juice I ever have . But you can only juice 1 apple and 1 carrot and terrible vibration start , then you have to shut off , and wait around 3 minutes before motor stop spinning.There is not even safety switch to prevent from opening when motor still spinning , there is not any breaks to stop spinning and prevent `` DANCING '' . Terrible , Terrible , Terrible design .
 I purchased my Omega 9000 after doing some research . Well I turned on my juicer and it did a dance and it 's very loud . Even after I turn off the juicer it still was running so I unplugged it still going . I was told it will stay on for a minute after use . I paid $ 230 , I thought it was alittle too high , and you know the old saying , `` you get what you pay for '' Well Not In this purchase ! I start to break it down for cleaning . Wow what a challenge ! It took 15 minutes to break it down did n't come with instruction as it said it did , and just to remove the pulp and 20 plus minutes to wash the 7 pieces and if you 're in a rush and do n't have the convenience of a dish washer OH WELL , your sol ********* . I wanted to return it and I was told no refund . Now had I knew that I would n't have waisted my time with omega -9000 . I do n't know what I will do with this piece of waiste , I 'm afraid to give it to anyone because if I do n't want it , how can I give it to some one else . I really want my money back ! I 'll go back to Mr. Juicer it was cheap and maintenance free . I gave my daughter mine Mr. Juicer due to the fact she was fighting Cancer she 's better now but I 'm not .
 The Juicer leaked badly on the first use , and then went crazy and started spinning in a rough way on the kitchen countertop causing breaking several glassware and causing terror to my wife and kids . I rushed to unplug the wire but it kept spinning and shaking in strange way for 5 more minutes . Product is not just unsafe ; it 's dangerous and should be banned from being sold to the general public.I will contact my congresswomen to raise the issue of unsafe house appliances and equipment sold in the market with no federal supervision . I 'm also looking into taking legal action against the company for damage done to my kitchen and kitchenware .
 I bought this juicer for a cleanse , was told it was top of the line and was excited to use but like other reviewers said it `` did a dance '' which is a nice way to put it , we called it possessed . At first it did not work at all , but after being adjusted did but after a minute or so of juicing it would start to become incredibly loud , shake a lot and spin around . 3 adjustments later and it still was making this horrible noise . I do not recommend .
 I bought this juicer and the first few times I made juice it worked ok , but after a few days it stopped working . There 's a reset button on the bottom and to get it back to working again you have to press the reset button every few seconds . So it juices for 3-5 seconds and then stops , then you have to press the reset button and then you can juice again for another 3-5 seconds . And halfway through my glass it stopped working completely . This has been very frustrating to use . And it takes a very long time to clean out all the pulp , too . I would n't recommend this juicer . I am calling Omega directly tomorrow to find out if they can either replace it or tell me what 's wrong with it .
 This is the loudest appliance I have ever owned or heard . I wish I would have known and seen these reviews before I bought it . When I got mine the sticker was already peeling off . It vibrates all over the counter spilling juice , it is extremely hard to clean . You have to cut your fruit and veggies up in small pieces before putting it inside the juicer . Its just terrible . Also dangerous . I bought mine straight from Omega , they will not respond to my emails or customer complaints , and there is supposed to be a 15 year warranty ??? This is a ripoff . No directions even came with it.This juicer should be recalled , it will not stop even after you turn it off or unplug it . It is very unsafe .
 I am really disappointed with this juicer ! My juicer was horribly loud as if I was trying to juice metal or something horrid . Then the juice does n't just come out of the spout ... it leaks all the way around ... a nice feature if you have a dog who likes to lick up juice while you are juicing . Now , attempting another juicing adventure , the lid simply wo n't come off ... period ... its like forever stuck on the juicer ... ca n't pry it off ... put olive oil in the juicer to try and loosen it up , but no ... again ... just a large mess all over the counter . More juice comes out of the sides than the spout ... how can that be effective . I could hand juice at this rate and get more benefits .
 Running some CLR through the steamer seemed to clean it much better than this stuff . I wo n't be buying this again and do n't recomment it to others .
 I would purchase this again if it were $ 20 . dollars less . It is not really necessary as a substantial ` regular ' hanger would work fine . .
 I 've had my Omega 1000 juicer for about a year . I used it around 30 times when POOF ! That was it , the motor burned out . Then I spent five minutes on the Web to discover that it 's a `` 1/3 horsepower '' juicer . That 's a little less than 250 watts.Other models like the L'Equip 110.5 Mini Pulp Ejector Juicer -LRB- rated better and less expensive than the Omega 1000 -RRB- put out 600 watts . Even the Omega 8005 produces only 1/3 horsepower.If you go to Bizrate.com , on the page where the 8005 is displayed , it posts a power rating of 1/3 hp . Yet if you click on the `` What 's this ? '' next to the `` Power '' heading , you 're told : `` Power
 I bought this juicer after doing some research , and reading several positive reviews . Now I wonder if these people really are using their juicer on a daily basis or just once a year.I have three problems with this Juicer :1 -RRB- The spout is very small . I have to cut up my apples into 6 pieces before I can feed it through .2 -RRB- After one glass of juice , I have to clean it out and remove the pulp .3 -RRB- But the biggest disspointment was that it started rattleing and making such a HUGE noise , that I had to turn it off.I called the company and they said that sometimes the spout it to close to the blade . They suggested that I send it in , of course at my expense.I am shopping for a new juicer , one that ejects the pulp and I dont have to clean in-between juicing.I would not recommend this juicer .
 I bought this juice from my local health food store a couple of months ago . I should have done more research before buying it.A few folks have commented about the off-balance spin cycle effect of this juicer . I thought that would just be a minor issue . I 've since discovered that it 's anything but minor . When off balance , the whole juicer literally jumps around the counter , vibrating out of control . It 's more than just a big racket . When it happens , I ca n't even get to the on/off switch , so I have to unplug it to get it to stop . By then I have a real mess on my hands . It 's downright scary when this happens . I am apparently not skilled enough to consistently feed this juicer with the right size or balance of fruits and vegetables . I 've decided to quit using the juicer , just out of safety concerns .
 I 've been using this atrocious thing for the past 10 years , and i 've had enough.Yes , it might be the most efficient . Meaning , it might extract the most juice from fruits and vegetables , but its not worth the headache and hassle.If you want to extract more juice from your fruits and vegetables , then re-juice the pulp that comes out.I do this with the 1000 anywayBut there is no way to control this thing from going crazy . you will get a lump of fruit or vegetable build-up in one area and the 1000 will go berzerk on you.It will sometimes `` walk '' across the counter . Many times it will HURTLE itself across the counter . And you will want to hurtle this thing out the window.I 've been using this thing for the past 10 years . I know every so-called `` technique '' to supposedly get this thing to behave.Nothing will work . You will get the shimmy-shake , and you wont want to use it any more.I have finally had enough of this damn thing . Its going in the garbage . And i 'm starting my search for a replacement right now.Good luck
 I 've mentioned in other reviews that several models of Omega Juicers have very cheap and flimsy side clamps which invariably break after a few months to a year . This makes the juicer useless . You will be forced to buy new clamps which can be tricky to install . I do n't want to give my hard earned money to a company that puts out such a flimsy product . Buy a different brand . I 've settled on Breville .
 I 've been juicing for 40 years ... this is the worst juicer I have ever owned ... It constantly vibrates and makes a loud noise and will vibrate walk off your counter if you turn your back on it for a second ... I called omega and they did not offer to help fix the problem in any way ... Suckie Company and Suckie Juicer ... do n't but it and get ripped off ...
 The plastic arm that locks down broke ! Difficult to clean , and it is now in the trash , since the arm broke and there is no way to fix it .
 I got this juicer for my birthday . EVERYTIME I use it I have to unplug it and hold it down because it vibrates and spins everywhere making a HUGE mess . My husband spent alot of money on this and I am SO dissapointed . It just doesnt work . I wish I had researched it and bought a better one but now I am stuck with one I cant even use .
 Alright . If a person were wanting to make juice for just themself this juicer would be wonderful . I say this because it can only accomplish a yield of around a cup before the most terrifying , violent , annoying sound erupts from this beauty and it starts to walk across the counter . Occasionally you can make it through enough for two people , but very rarely and sometimes your first vegetable will throw it out of whack.Otherwise , the machine is well made , spins smoothly , sturdy , easy enough to clean with a brush etc etc. . It has an interlock on one of the latches which keeps it from turning on while it 's apart , you can trick this to come on anyway but it 's fairly safe under normal maintenance.The machine fires up smoothly and emits a pleasant hum , carrots and apples swiftly fall prey to the spinning grater plate , juice begins to trickle out of the spout at a satisfying rate ... then it 's like a chainsaw , bad rap music , and 4 vicious dogs attacking a man trying to jackhammer something . It 's awful . I ca n't recommend this contraption for more than a cup at a time .
 I have had this juicer for 8 years . It is a good juicer but I am now looking for another one because I 'm just tired of it getting off balance and walking across the counter.Con
 horrible disapprointment - loud , jumps around ; fruit and vegetables have to be cut into exact sizes and `` face a certain direction ''
 I know omega juicers since the 80s . They use to be sturdy , long lasting.Now they are consumer , disposable products . manufactured with `` fair '' and `` low '' standards . They use plastic that do not last long and is too lightweight for the task . That is why people got the weird problems when juicing with this model - juicer dancing or spitting the pulp - . It was not used to be with the 80s omega juicer.ACME juicer is USA made , a better choice . Also some other brands made in Europe and - funny - latinamerica , are better choices.Omega , your master business plan of selling short lasting products will not work out .
 We bought the Omega 1000 several years ago and discovered the problem with it going out of balance . Thought it was something we had to put up with to have a `` good juicer '' . It was put into storage for awhile when we opened the box we discovered the two clamps that lock the top to the base had cracked off . It was packed in bubble wrap so I know it did n't bump into any thing and it was n't too tight either . I opened it up to see how they were attached and discovered the mounting holes had also fractured and were falling apart . It seems to be a manufacturing defect , will contact the company to see if they will replace it or at least the housing .
 My juicer 's motor gave out after about 20 uses . Even prior to that I found it difficult to use . Cleaning it proved a major chore and frequently I would have to remove the pulp from the machine so that juice , enough for a 12 ounce container , could be extracted . I thought I had done my homework on this machine prior to purchasing it but must have read some unusually positive reviews . This product is not user-friendly .
 Very dissapointed in this juicer and would not recommend it . It died after only a few uses and was remarkably slow and powerless before it died . Terrible for juicing greens . I 'm shopping for a replacment and am looking at a Greenstar or a Breville .
 I telephoned Amazon - spent 30 minutes or so on the telephone waiting for a sales rep who then assured me it would be taken care of - not taken care of - decided to pack it up and put it in the attic ; however , will NEVER purchase something like this again - due to the poor customer service .
 I bought the Pure Pro with great expectaions and in the first month was pleasantly surprised . Owning a similar , but older and more expensive Oreck XL Signature model , I was impressed by the much amount of dust and dirt that the Pure Pro pulled in over a one month period . Considerably more effective than my particular Oreck model , as there is a much larger collection plate area in the Pure Pro . There is a newer Oreck that I believe would be much more effective . Other positives about the Pure Pro is that the machine is very quiet in the silent mode , is wall mountable , and supposedly can have its collection plates cleaned in a dishwasher.Now the bad news . This machine seems to have some history of failure as reported through other customer reviews . Mine failed in the second month despite allowing 48 hours to thoroughly dry the washed collection plates . Actually my unit appeared to fail before being cleaned or washed . The manual only specifies 4 hours to dry , although this appears to be a misprint , as Customer Service specifies a 24 hour wait before reinsertion . The manual incidentally contains other inaccuracies such as keeping the unit 12 inches from the wall even though it can be wall mounted and has brackets for that very purpose.Things do break down and fail even when they are brand new . This is what a warranty is for . But when I contacted Pure Pro 's Customer Service , which is apparently not based in the US , the gentleman while quickly agreeing that I had a defective unit , informed me that I would have to pay to ship the unit back -LRB- $ 18 -RRB- and that they have to charge me a handling/shipping fee -LRB- $ 30 -RRB- to send a new one back to me . So , so far in the last 4 months I will have spent about $ 78 in shipping and handling fees . Its a good thing it takes them 6 weeks to get a unit to me , otherwise I do n't think I could afford the one year waranty period .
 I bought this from Amazon in January 2007 . By mid April the collection plates stopped working . The fan and lights worked so you do n't realize it 's not working until you wonder why you do n't have to clean it . You place an AM radio next to the unit . If you do n't hear a buzz , it 's not working , something I found out by accident , but confirmed by their customer service person . To return under their warranty , not only must you pay shipping costs , but they want another $ 20 sent to a separate address . The extra $ 20 gets me . You should n't have to pay them more money for a defective product . I do n't recommend this product .
 I bought this from Amazon in April 2007 . Just as the other reviews state the unit worked about a month . Amazon sent me a replacement in June and that unit worked until July . The fan and lights worked so you do n't realize it 's not working until you realize there is no dust on the collection plates .
 Although the product description seemed promising , this product had an electrical problem from the start . As soon as I set it up and turned it on , I noticed a loud cracking sound coming from the unit , about every 10 seconds or so . I looked inside the unit and a visible blue spark could be seen . It appeared that either the product had a problem with a fuse or a bad connection inside the unit . Luckily , I was home when this happened - what if the spark had caused a fire ? I returned the product immediately and have since bought another air purifier . This one is not worth the money and is a huge safety hazard !
 The attachment stopped working within 5 minutes after juicing less than 10 oranges -LRB- appeared to have stripped gears -RRB- . Hopefully I just happened to get a defective product as it has been sent back for replacement . The unit does not appear to be very well made . Not too impressed thus far .
 When I first opened this item , it looked great , but after closer inspection , it was very poorly crafted . The vinly on the bottom was peeling off and the vinly cushion/rail had rips in it . Once laid flat on the table , the rips are barely noticeable , but the the tabletop itself feels cheap . Felt top padding was very soft and left an indention when you pressed on it . The fold on one side of the tri-folds has a slight raise to it when laid flat , giving it a ramp/mound feel . I have tried to press it flat but it does ` nt seem to do much good.At the $ 130 price , it is not worth it , but if you can find it for $ 75 , it is ok and worth it if you need a couple of side tables to go along with your premium MAIN table . On a POSITIVE note , it is still better then any other folding table top out there , just wished it was a little better quality ... i am trying to return the one i purchased for a better/non cracked/ripped one , but the manuafactuer has not yet replied .
 I 've used this pillow since it arrived a couple of days ago . It is heading for a guest bedroom or the trash . There is nothing wrong with it IF you like an extremely soft pillow that totally squishes down under your head . It is well made and looks like it will last.I was dubious of choosing a pillow I could n't feel before purchase . I should have paid attention to my doubts . Now I 'm heading to Costco and Bed , Bath and Beyond where I can feel what I may purchase .
 This pillow seems like it does not have enough density to properly support my head . I do n't use it anymore .
 This dispenser was used daily to dispense fruit juice . I bought two dispensers , and the flow handle broke off of each dispenser within 1 month 's time . I guess you get what you pay for , as these are relatively inexpensive when you compare to other models . I would n't purchase again for any purpose , as the flow handle apparatus is made of cheap plastic , and seems to break very easily .
 These pots do not do well on flat top stoves , they warp and are not suitable for any high temperatures .
 These pans lasted a little while . I hated using them because the handle got hot along with the pan . The coating ended up being scratched off , and everything stuck . They became so hard to clean I got extremely fed up and threw them all in the trash .
 3 pieces of cookware for the price of $ 12.99 , how can I pass on such a good deal ? But after I used the pans , I was n't sure it 's such a great deal anymore because they are not as non-sticy and durable as I thought . The pans are light-weight so they are easy to handle . But after my first use to cook a steak , the pan was burned and I had to scrub for 20 minutes to clean it up . I was not happy but not totally upset since I did n't pay an arm and a leg for it .
 The pans were extremely `` out of round '' and appear to be major factory rejects that should have been scrapped.If they were n't so cheap I would have returned them.I DO NOT recommend them .
 The handles on this thing are metal , and the pans so light that they quickly burn your food . When the box came , I thought it must be empty , but found three pans in it - they are that light . If you are thinking of giving these as a gift , dont . They are shrinkwrapped in platic and are not presentable . Not a good buy . ... Hope this helps .
 Buy only if an item is offered `` directly '' by Amazon . I like Amazon service a lot and have been buying many items , but never had any issue.warehouse _ deals ships incorrect products and never responds . ALL the positive feedback they get appears to be self posted from the wording used.Just a suggestion , do your diligence . I wish someone had warned me before .
 I do n't know what Farberware did to these pans , but they are the hardest to clean on-stick pans I 've ever owned . Am I doing something wrong ? Bacon , Eggs . Hamburger . Everything sticks . The Silverstone pan I bought to replace one of them cooks like a dream - even cooking and EASY easy cleanup . EVERYTHING sticks to the Farberware pans . I hope their more expensive pans are better , because these are TERRIBLE . Avoid at all costs .
 The handles on this thing are plastic , and the pans so light that they quickly burn your food and dont disperse heat evenly . When the box came , I thought it must be empty , but found three pans in it - they are that light . The nonstick coating scratches off easy , from even a plastic utensil . If you are thinking of giving these as a gift , dont . They are shrinkwrapped in platic and are not presentable . Not a good buy .
 I pretty much agree with others criticizing about the quality of those products.The square shaped pan pretty much shapes up like a bowl within 2 weeks of usage . Happened to me .
 I read the reviews but just did n't think it would sit that uneven on the surface of my stove top . Cooks pancakes , bacon and eggs fine . Cleans up well . Ca n't believe they can sell for that cheap ; but they need to dump them some how . Next Fish ?
 Thank God I got these free . They are n't worth a dime . Light weight and a cheap coating . Do n't waste your money.On a positive note , I did get some cast iron pans a few months ago . Never tried cooking with them before but wow ... best non-stick surface EVER , and they just keep getting better with age . If you have n't tried them , highly recommended . They even go in the oven , which makes the best salmon ever ! -LRB- Season , sear on one side , flip , then put in a 350 degree oven for about 8 minutes or until flaky -RRB- .
 It is made of very thin metal which got wrapped during regular cooking
 Buyer BEWARE ! I ordered a Omega 4000 juicer as a gift for my father a few months back and the thing is absolute junk ! Not only is there more juice coming out of the pulp than what is actually coming out of the spout but the pulp ejector is constantly getting clogged . I notified LivingRight -LRB- The company I purchased from . -RRB- about this and they stated that I would have to contact the manufacturer and if the manufacturer decided it was defective then they would exchange it . And when I told them they should make their return policy up front and clear -LRB- If you order from the above mentioned company PLEASE check their return policy ! -RRB- they claimed that their return policy is exactly the same as other companies . WRONG ! Other companies let you return products that do not work ! And when I contacted Omega they claimed that they ca n't do anything because I did not purchase directly through them ! Even though they obviously authorized this company to sell their products ! So that 15 year warranty means nothing ! At the time , I paid $ 219.95 for this useless piece of junk . My father ended up purchasing a cheap juicer at Walmart for around $ 30 that worked better than the Omega 4000 ! And by the way , Walmart would have let him return it if the thing did n't work!Don ' t spend $ 200 for a crappy juicer . Save your money get a cheaper juicer because it will perform better than this one and if you get it locally then at least you can return it if it does n't work or if you really want to see for yourself then purchase it directly through Omega , otherwise they will not honor the warranty or perhaps they just believe this is the way a juicer should work .
 I bought the omega 4000 and wow major disappointment . I did not even get a chance to use it , dame thing would not even turn on not even after pressing on the reset button . I was extremely disappointed to have paid over $ 200 for a product that never worked . Not to mention $ 35 dollars I spend on retuning this product and a 10 % restocking fee . All this money just to return a product that never worked to begin with I find it truly unfair . Customer Service what customer service , they did not give a dame . I would say beware .
 I used Omega 1000 for about 10 years . I make juice for about 4 people every three days . In order to ake that juice you have to stop atleast six or seven times to remove the pulp . Also juicer gets unstable if you put soft stuff . So I tried Breville pulp ejector after reading the reviews . I was shocked how poorly it works . I have to stop more times to clean it as the ejector makes it a mess . Omega pulp ejector is also a poor one . I have to stop more times than Omega 1000 and also I did not get that much juice as Omega 1000 .
 The original Omega 4000 Juicers were made in the USA , unlike these new ones made in Korea . I have owned mine -LRB- made in USA -RRB- for years and is a very reliable and sturdy machine . I bought it used for about $ 70.00 off of Craigslist and was barely used . The original USA models were 400 watts and made with thicker plastic it seems to me . These newer ones -LRB- made in Korea -RRB- are only 250 watts and made with a slighter thinner plastic . The power is important for the juicer to extract efficiently and consistently in my opinion.I 'm sorry to hear about the problems users are having in some of the reviews , but if you can find one of the older Omega models made in USA you should try and snatch it up . Mine has really paid for itself over the years , too . I think some of these older Amazon reviews here are actually for the original models made in the USA . It 's misleading cause the older reviews are probably not consistent with these newer Omega models being sold on this listing.A giant bag of organic carrots cost about $ 5.00 at Costco and it takes about 4 or 5 carrots , depending on size to get a 10 oz . glass which would cost around $ 3.00 or $ 4.00 dollars at the store or a juice stand . You get a lot of juice from one of those bags of carrots . And it 's great when you add other things like apples or ginger , vegetables , etc. . My Omega 4000 -LRB- made in USA -RRB- has no problem handling any fruit or veggie . Never gets stuck or overheated . Hope this helps .
 I have been emailing Omega almost nonstop for 2 months , and they refuse to get back to me.This thing would be great , but A few problems with it always keep me from recommending it wholeheartedly . First of all , the pulp has WAY too much moisture in it . In addition , a pretty series design flaw on the pour spout lets the juice spray out of the top , since it is half open . I initially thought I must be missing a piece , but after doing some research , I found that this is just the way that it is made . Unfortunately for me , I use it primarily to make carrot juice , which stains quite badly . My counter-tops -LRB- and a few shirts -RRB- now have orange stains on them . Additionally , the top of the juicer just is n't big enough ! I have to cut the thicker carrots into rounds , then put them in piece by piece , which is not ideal , and makes the entire process much more time consuming than it needs to be . Also , did they ever attempt to put lose spinach in this ? Its almost impossible to do without making a huge mess , and dangerous as well , since you have to use your fingers to help the plunger.There IS an update package , which apparently addresses the bulk of these problems . I feel the company should send it to me , since it is correcting problems on a $ 300 + juicer that are inherent design flaws . There customer service has shown such blatant disregard for me that I can not give this thing higher than one star . Its a real slap in the face to plunk down this kind of money , and then get a screw you from the company when there is a problem . If I had the upgrade maybe this thing would do better .
 Thank you Amazon for excellent customer service ! However , I guess I got the lemon , the Omega Juicer 4000 . After only 2 weeks the plastic hexagon fly wheel was stripped . Omega replaced the part and all was well . Then it just stopped working as if no power was getting to the juicer . I tried the reset button but to no avail . Thanks Amazon for making returns easy and providing a quick refund ! When it worked it was a great machine with easy clean up but I will try another brand next time .
 I love the idea of juicing and I wish I could recommend this juicer . However , it broke within a week . After just a few uses , it made an absolutely horrific screeching sound as the hexagonal piece in the base that holds the blade decided to shred itself into a pile of powdered plastic.No more juice for me.This product needs a re-design . The underlying engineering seems ok , but the user interface is terrible . It 's difficult to assemble -LRB- think 3d jigsaw puzzle -RRB- , awkward to clean -LRB- too many flimsy , finicky parts -RRB- , and if you do n't do everything just perfectly , it self-destructs without warning - a feature not listed in the manual.Sadly , and most worryingly , Omega customer support did not even respond to my email for a replacement part , so I returned to Amazon for a refund.To Omega -- an occasional lemon product is entirely forgivable . And perhaps that 's what I got . But shoddy customer service is not . I 'll take my money elsewhere .
 The could a good product but it has a fatal design flaw which make it a complete ripoff . The side fasteners or clamps break within a year or so . My thinking is this is their way of creating demand for new juicers . This juicer is not a sealed unit . As others have said pulp sprays out on the counter if you 're not extremely careful . I 'm on my third juicer from them and I will not buy another . Yes , I have repaired them before but who wants to worry about that when you pay 250 for a juicer . I paid 250 at my local health food store . I believe in giving some of my business to local stores I believe are providing good products for the community even if I can find it cheaper online .
 used for only 11/2 weeks and the screw that holds the blade and basket in place got stuck . It took plyers just to loosen . The part that the screw sits on top of is plastic and the basket screwed itself onto the plastic and got stuck in place and tore a groove in the plastic making in impossible to remove .
 Very difficult to take apart . I have a refrigerator full of fruits and vegetables that will go bad because I can not take the Omega 4000 juicer apart to clean . I have a friend that has also had this problem . She is going to look at mine tomorrow and if she can not show me something I am not doing right I will be returning it .
 I bought this in July but have only used it a few times . After a week of use , a simple plastic wing nut broke . Unfortunately , it 's the one piece that secures everything together . It 's a plastic piece and should be metal or of stronger material . We ca n't get it out of the juicer without pliers . My husband replaced it with a regular wing nut , but it is n't quite the right size . Today , I tried to use it in the hopes that with pliers I could get it to work . I tried to loosen the original piece that broke off , but the plastic piece is totally disintegrating . With the price of this juicer and the amount I paid for it , it means each drink I had came to approximately $ 40 . That 's horrible . A truly awful design flaw that is not easily replaced . I 'd like to return this as defective , but they 're probably all like this . So deeply disappointed.You should n't have to use pliers and replace pieces on your own with only a few uses .
 I just got the filters thinking it would make cleanup easier . That it does.But , when I read the package , it says do n't use it for more than a glassful.It does fit the Acme 6001 , I have 2 of them.But , I ca n't use them with it , because after a small amount in the juicer the flow stops.I know how to juice , and this is not right .
 Unless you click through the initial page , you may get the impression that the Omega 1000 Filter Pack refers to 1000 filters . But alas , the 1000 refers to a model number not the quantity . You actually get a package of 200 filters .
 Do yourself a favor and but a real vacuum . I bought this unit for a commercial allergy cleaning business and was very disappointed . It is not built for commercial use and I doubt it will last long for home use . It 's is all marketing hype and has no real functionality . I needed a good true HEPA vacuum and this one has the flimsiest of closures that can not seal the bag compartment at all . In addition , the bags are very had to find -LRB- online only -RRB- and you ca n't get the special micro-lined bags for this model . It looks good but everything is cheep thin plastic . The tool door pops open all the time and it has a roller brush but no real beater-bar . Good brand and manufacturer but horrible model . Skip this one and buy one of their other `` tried and true '' models .
 While the cookware I purchased appears to be quite nice , I did not receive the item I ordered . I took a chance on a refurbished piece since it was all that was available . However , in my pre-Christmas haste , I did n't inspect the box before wrapping it . When the gift was opened by the recipient , it turned out that the adhesive product identification tag on the bottom of the box did not match what was actually in the box or the item description on the box itself . I probably should 've returned it , but the gift recipient said he 'd keep it .
 i Expected alot more for the price . but was dissapointed with the quality if the product .
 The Briel Sintra is a handsome machine that makes good coffee . However , it has two fatal flaws.First , you can not fit a cup that is taller than a demitasse under the espresso output . This is a real problem because the machine can produce much more espresso than will fit in a demitasse . It has a knob that allows you to select how much espresso you would like the machine to produce . The directions -LRB- which are full of typographical errors -RRB- instruct you to set the knob to `` 5 '' -LRB- which produces the greatest amount of espresso -RRB- . However , the `` 5 '' setting produces so much espresso that it would have over-filled a demitasse -LRB- fortunately , I had suspected there might be a problem and used a bowl instead , and even then , the bowl almost over-flowed -RRB- . I would return the machine but my wife is content to use a bowl and then pour from the bowl into a cup.Second , the machine is heavy -LRB- about 20 pounds -RRB- , and the water resevoir is in the back of the machine . We keep the machine on a kitchen counter with its back to a wall . That means that everytime we use it we must drag it away from the wall , take out its resevoir , fill the resevoir , replace the resevoir , push the machine back against the wall , and then when we are done making espresso , drag it out to empty the resevoir.Two final notes . The machine is loud . The machine 's stainless steel-look plastic looks like stainless steel.Update
 Whoever this guy is from Short Hills , NJ has posted like 20 five-star reviews . I 've also seen him do the same on other espresso machines . He either works for these companies or is a distributor or something.If you are researching espresso machines I would suggest keeping an eye out for this guy because he 's trying to throw the averages . My suggestion would be to NOT purchase any of the machines he recommends.Amazon , your ratings system obviously needs some more checks and balances .
 After reading good reviews , I bought this machine sight unseen . Big mistake . Filling the reservoirs was cumbersome and you could n't see the water level on the coffee and trying to make a half pot was very difficult . The espresso coffee holder did n't fit easily on the machine and sometimes it took five minutes of fiddling to get it to seat . -LRB- does n't help that you ca n't see what you are doing -RRB- . So soon we stopped making espresso , thus getting around the fact that a coffee mug wo n't fit under the espresso head . The coffee maker was mediochre . The lid over the basket fit poorly and was difficult to seat . It easily clogs and leaks all over the sink , even right after a cleaning . Today I 'm off to Zabars to buy myself a new coffee maker . And it wo n't be a Briel .
 After two months of good service the pressure for espresso and temperature of the drip coffee both dropped significantly . I called the New Jersey service department and was dismissed offhand , told only that I should clean the espresso screens . When I pressed the issue of cold coffee I was told that was not a problem . For me it is.The service is poor enough that I would recommend not buying any Briel products .
 I gave my wife the Briel coffee maker for Christmas , 2001 . Everything worked fine until two weeks ago ; the espresso part of the machine is flawless , but the simple -LRB- ? -RRB- drip coffee section has developed a leak , so that only about half of the water actually makes it to the pot , and the rest escapes in a cloud of steam . To make matters worse , it 's a heavy unit , and shipping it out for repairs wo n't be cheap , and on top of that , the manufacturer wants to be paid $ 12.00 to return it to me ! I think I should get a bit more reliability for 250 bucks . I 'm very disappointed in the lack of quality .
 I was initially pleased with this maker . However , it stopped making steam a month into its use . Of course , when you are over the magic 30 days after purchase , no such thing as a full refund.Major UNHAPPY .
 We have had this machine for less than one year . The only use it gets is every morning we brew one pot of regular coffee and make one cappucino . Unfortunately , the machine is very flimsy . The regular coffee half falls apart at least once a week . Also , the coffee continues to rapidly drip out even when the carafe is removed . Plus , it does n't make a full pot of coffee because much of the water goes into the air as a huge cloud of steam . The espresso half has stopped producing steam to froth milk . All-in-all , this machine is poorly made . We would not buy this machine again .
 I agree with all the reviews to date . Machine makes excellent espresso and a decent cup of drip coffee.Quality is suspect . Instructions are poorly done - good indication of Briel 's quality control process.Had the machine about 2 months when it stopped pumping . Sent to repair facility in NJ at a cost of -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- -LRB- in addition to -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- return fee -RRB- . Numerous calls to service dept fell on deaf ears . No one could tell me what was wrong or when the machine would be returned . Finally after 4 months , machine arrived at my door . Machine worked well for about 2 weeks , then died . Frustrated - I demanded a refund for the maching including shipping . I would not recommend Briel to anyone ever .
 I bought one . It is sitting in my attic because I have a lame hope of resurrecting it . The plastic lid/coffee basket failed within months . It stopped making espresso shortly thereafter . I now have an expensive bulky coffeemaker that is difficult and cumbersome to use . I am telling you , this is CRAP . You will be sorry .
 I spent some time looking at reviews for combo coffee/espresso machines , and this one got the best reviews . But the negative comments I read were ` spot-on ' . There are some basic design flaws that just do n't make any sense : - Adding water to the coffee maker is tough because the top only opens to a certain point . You ca n't use the coffee pot to measure and add water as you would with most coffee makers because you ca n't pour all of the water out of the pot . Its hard to explain , but a major design flaw . - The area below the express maker is too high for an express cup and too low for a standard express pot . Still have n't found something that fits properly . - The steaming element is very short and it is impossible to remove your espresso without hitting this very hot element . - The espresso is never very hot.This is not my first machine and I 'm disappointed . Still looking for a great coffee/espresso combo
 The machine makes good coffee and espresso , but you had better hope that it never needs servicing . Currently , my machine has been at the repair facility in Newark , NJ for eight weeks . Every time , I call -LRB- almost daily -RRB- either the computer is `` down '' or the person I need to talk with is not in that day . I have yet to talk with anyone who knows anything about the where my machine is and when it will be finished . I have never received such poor service . EVEN THOUGH THE MACHINE MAKES GOOD EXPRESSO AND COFFEE , I WOULD STRONLY SUGGEST BUYING A DIFFERENT BRAND MACHINE .
 After reading multiple bad reviews , I thought , well ... I love the slick look , and those terrible things wo n't happen to me.Oh it will and did . One year and 3 days later . I have a $ 400 dollar average coffee maker.The pump mechanism is exceptionally , scares the cat , noisy . The espresso and foaming features of this machine are no longer working . I 'd say I got about 20 cups of decent espresso from it this year . At $ 20 a cup , I think I 'll go to a coffee house . -LRB- I could be a hero and treat my friends everytime at that cost -RRB- . Additionally , the foaming feature is really poor , I could probably make better bubbles with a plastic straw and microwaved milk.Unfortunately , while company is a big name in Europe , I live in the States . So parts and repair shops are very few and far between . The near impossible to find support line is 1-800-763-6699 . Trust me you 'll need it.What a let down , please do n't be taken in by this piece of junk ...
 I knew something was up with this machine when I received it and found that all the `` chrome '' was mostly painted plastic . The first thing to go out on the machine was the lid for the basket filter for the coffee maker . A plastic hinge -LRB- connecting the inner lid to the outer -RRB- cracked , separating the two lids from each other.As a result , inner lid would not to slide in the groove it 's attached to with the outer one , ensuring that the top lid would never close properly again - a strange engineering flaw . The machine still made good drip coffee - but for the price of this machine , the lid should n't have failed this fast.For about the first six months , the espresso side made fairly good espresso . The frother worked fine . After about six months , I began having problems -LRB- with only once a week use -RRB- . The machine needed scaling and I found it difficult to descale properly . It had clogged to the point it would n't pump the descaling solution effectively -LRB- I waited too long to descale -RRB- . This resulted in the pump work less and less efficiently over the next year until it would n't work at all . It then went on the shelf as I could n't toss such an expensive machine away . By this point , it was out of warranty.After sitting on my shelf for about a year , I tried fixing it by taking it apart , to no avail . FYI -- The wiring in it is indeed stout . The buttons are heavy duty as well . The boiler unit for the espresso is indeed heavy brass -LRB- a good point -RRB- . Unfortunately , the system is just way to constricted to work efficiently -LRB- especially for descaling -RRB- . Bottom line , this is not a horrible unit -- it 's just not worth such an expensive price . At a lower price point , I might consider it again - knowing to descale more frequently and realizing I 'll have to put up with some poor design .
 Returned this item 5 minutes after opening . Much ` cheaper ' looking then web site pic indicated . It 's a chrome plated/black plastic -LRB- not even close to a ` stainless steel ' appearance -RRB- with a ` flimsy ' cheap feel to the appliance . Took it into my wife for comments -LRB- with no leading the audience from me -RRB- -- her comments matched mine -LRB- not always the case in our 20 years of marriage -RRB- . I have no ax to grind here -- ordering this product was a waste of my time
 Kinda the whole point of this thing is that it is supposed to be 1 -RRB- quiet , 2 -RRB- keep you from having to buy filters . How about buying a new unit instead ? That 's what you 'll be doing - have had two of these and both have failed in under a year . Red cleaning light comes on and wo n't go out . No clue why - and Ionic Pro is no help . Way too much money to spend for such an unreliable product .
 I purchased this product from a local variety store and after about 3 months it stopped working . I tried to contact the company with their customer service number with no luck -LRB- on hold , on hold , on hold -- -RRB- . I then tried to e-mail them asking for a replacement , and was put off and finally ignored . Very unhappy with this product .
 Ok , These Ionic purifiers do work ; however , mine stopped working after a year and here 's what the Tech Support representative told me over the phone : Rep
 I guess my first review got rejected for the mention of a certain website regarding the word ripoff . This was a fairly important point , so I 'll try to make note of why . Unfortunately my first review was a little better , but here goes : First I 'll give a report of my experiences with product failure and customer service , then I 'll give some general impressions after using the unit for a little less than a year.Recently my red ` clean ' light came on , and no matter how clean the blades and wires were , the clean light would come on after the unit was powered on . This happens after 11 months of mostly continuous use.I emailed Ionic pro , and got a phone number to call . I called this number and they gave me another phone number to call . It turns out that the first phone number was for Ionic Pro sales , and the second was for retail sales -LRB- even though my email specified `` I bought this thing from Amazon '' -RRB- . The second phone call resulted in the need to troubleshoot . Since I had done some research online , and since I had a second unit , I knew it was the unit itself - not the blades . If I did n't have the twin pack I would n't have had the ability to diagnose this problem - with or without the service representative.It could have been the blades - apparently running the unit on high power shortens the blade life . The blades `` dull '' and must be replaced . Or something in the body of the unit breaks and the whole unit needs replaced.My option was as follows . Fax a copy of my sales receipt to a bogus fax number . This is where my first review was stopped . Looking this phone/fax number online gave disturbing results leading me to believe it was a bogus fax -LRB- the ripoff report -RRB- . After -LRB- or in addition to faxing -RRB- I had to ship the unit to them with a copy of the receipt . When they got the unit they would call me for my credit card number so they could ship a new unit . The joke here , is that I pay to ship the broken unit to them , and I pay for shipping on the new unit . I have no idea how much it would cost for me to ship to them , but the shipping of the new unit via USPS was $ 29.99 . So I can only imagine that my under warranty replacement would cost me roughly $ 60 . The replacement process seems rather inefficient , costly , and has some suspicious details.I must say the representative on the second phone call was nice and helpful . But the service options are disappointing.All in all , this product is fairly noisy . When it buzzes you are supposed to lift a little lever to clean the wires , this hardly makes a difference . It was quiet for a few days , then I was never able to attain silence again - no matter how clean everything looked.There is also an annoying bright blue LED that leaves a nice bright spot on the ceiling . Sure this could be covered up with tape.After a few weeks of what I thought was success with this product , I almost bought a set for my parents . I 'm certainly glad I did n't . Given the costs of under warranty replacement , the sale price is no real bargain . I have yet to decide whether I 'll return the unit and pay IP another $ 60 , but I doubt it .
 I was very pleased with these units until about a month ago . I had them running continously for about 11 months ... then both units started giving the red `` clean '' light no matter how clean they are . Several other people have written about this problem , so I wo n't do into further frustrating details.Bottom line
 I bought these February 2008 for my girlfriend and her daughter . They have allergies plus cats , and needed some help cleaning the air in their home . The products worked great for about 8 months or so . The units started acting up after that ; even after cleaning the blades the units would immediately go into a `` clean '' indicator mode and not work . I Googled for an answer to the problem and it seems that the issue is a common one . I also saw that people called Ionic for customer service would be told that they would receive a call back from a technician but never were called back.I called Ionic on a Friday and was told I would receive a call back shortly . By Tuesday afternoon I had not heard from them . Wednesday I called back and told them that I had not received a call back . They took my number and I did later receive a call . I spoke to Joe who should be working for Dell tech support based on his strong Indian accent . After giving him a brief description of the problem he asked if I could fax proof of the purchase date . I said yes . He said that the units would be replaced , but that I would have to ship the old units back at my expense , and then pay $ 29.95 PER UNIT shipping for the new warranty replacements . I estimated that I would spend $ 90 - $ 100 and a lot of time to get new units that -LRB- according to the message boards on Google -RRB- would also fail shortly , and I would again be back talking to Joe.As of now I have not returned the units nor will I.The units DID work well , were attractive and small , quiet -LRB- except for some sizzling -- but that told me that they were working -RRB- , and were easy to clean.As I said ... BUYER BEWARE -- you chose .
 The unit would only last for about 18 months of use . I brought my two units about one month apart . They both died after 18 months of use -LRB- one after another -RRB- . The red clean filter light stayed on no matter how clean you cleaned the blades and wire . I do not recommend this product . It is much cheaper to by one with a replaceable filter .
 These seem to run quietly , but do not seem to work well , even in a small room . They will make a sizzling sound after a while and no idea why they do that . They are much smaller than expected and I have both of them in the same room . Even that is not as good of quality as an older Hunter brand I have that I was hoping to replace due to its age . Car ionizer does not seem to do any good in the car . Way too expensive for the quality of item purchased .
 I bought one of these at Wal-Mart for $ 170 & it is 100 % pure junk & that explains why they selling 2 at a time . It started making noises after 1 week , at the time I didn `` t notice it does n't have a fan so it doesnt move the air much either . I already have an Honeywell HFD-120-Q & it works great , very quiet & weighs about double what the Ionic Pro does so that tells you something about the quality . I thought I would give one of the Ionic Pros a try & what a mistake , after doing some research that I should have done prior to the purchase , I found mostly bad reviews & ratings so back it goes & good riddance . Wal-Mart also carries the Honeywell HFD-120-Q but for $ 145 , so it is $ 11.00 cheaper here at Amazon . In closing I would just say if your going to buy an air purifier I highly recommend the Honeywell HFD-120-Q Tower , Heavy built , quiet , easy to clean & a good price . I have now tried several other brands all with very poor results so save yourself all the headaches & just get the Honeywell . After I return the Ionic Pro I `` m going to buy another Honeywell.Honeywell HFD-120-Q Tower Quiet Air Purifier with Permanent IFD Filter , Black
 Well it worked fine for about 9 months then it stared haveing trouble . the clean light would stay on and not go off I never put the element back into it until days after cleaning so I know it was dry . It will no longer function so I will have to try another filter brand . good luck with it if you try it does do good job when it works !
 One of the air purifiers did not work . I had to send them back . Do NOT buy this product . Buy the Sharper Image brand . Now , that 's quality !
 This product came defective , Amazon claims to have an A-Z guarantee , but they do not . The reseller , Butterfly Photo , does no returns . The manufacturer will not honor warranties if bought through Amazon as most are defective.Save your money , buy a different brand elsewhere !
 Is one out of two ok ?? The clean light will not go out after only two weeks of use . I cleaned it inside and out , even used compressed air and no luck . Tried calling the customer service number in the manual . Was directed to a different number . They tried to send me back to the first number and then hung up on me . The other unit seems to be working but nothing to get excited about . Throw the car units away . A waste of shipping weight .
 The price was good but I have not noticed much of a difference and I do n't see much when I cleaned the blades . There was no much capture by the Ionic Pro .
 When I first got these , I was very happy . Then , about 4 months later , they started crackling . Yes , I took the time to clean them , and in a day -LRB- or even an hour in some cases -RRB- they would start crackling again . No matter how clean you get them , they continue to make that sound of a bug zapper or something . It is very frustrating . I have deep cleaned as well with no results beyond a day or two . Beyond that , I do notice a cleaner smell in the air when I have them on -LRB- which is rarely these days due to the noise -RRB- . Also , when I do clean them , I do notice a sticky , black film on the blades , so I guess it is cleaning something out of the air ... if only they would shut up !!!! I would not buy them again if I knew how they would perform .
 I purchased 4 of these useless items and by the 13 month 1 quit working , one month later a 2nd one died and by the 185th month the 3rd on died.Find something better to clean your air ...
 I bought this product two years ago and it has lasted less than that . Another fellow mentioned the red light problem when the unit is clean.The same happened to me , and the light can not be overridden to turn the unit on.I threw one unit out and now then 2nd unit is for the trash . Too bad with problems with our environment that I will have to leave a big plastic piece of junk for future generations .
 When we got this set , I loved it , and while it worked , it worked great . Both my son and I have horrible allergies and this kept us from suffering.HOWEVER !! About 1 year after I dished out the $ 175 I paid for these units , one stopped working . I called customer support , who told me a replacement would be no problem , but tech support would have to call me back . Tech Support called a few hours later and was very heavily Indian accented , I had a hard time understanding , but after doing what he suggested , the unit still was n't working so I called the direct number he gave me . He told me I needed to buy the extended warranty -LRB- 2 more years -RRB- for $ 30 . At first I thought this was great , until he told me then it would be $ 30 for them to send the unit back to me , after I paid to ship the unit to them ... That means I would spend $ 90 on one unit to get it `` fixed '' ! It was insane to me.The other unit followed suit and died a few months later.Please save your money and do n't get this unit . It wo n't last .
 I bought this twin pack Ironic Pro CA200T Compact Ironic Air Purifier at Amazon.com in May 2009 . Four months later -LRB- September 2009 -RRB- , one of the unit died . The light kept blinking althought I thoroughly deep cleaned from inside out using the blower , including cleaning the 3 steel particle collection blades . I called Iron Pro customer service and followed their instruction to deep clean again . The unit still did not function . Their customer service rep told me I had to pay $ 19.99 for them to ship the new unit to me , and I had to ship the defective unit back to them at my own S&H expense . I did not want to go thru all the hassles . I finally had the trash hauler haul it away . The Car Ionizers were also useless . I kept them in my vehicles for awhile and finally threw them in the trash bin also . I do NOT recommend this to anyone . Amazon should not sell this product to its customers due poor quality of the twin pack .
 I am having the same experience as many of those who have had their unit fail . The clean light will stay on rendering the unit useless . This is after 5 months of use . I should have done a little more research before ordering this paper weight . Now that the unit has failed , I am reading that I am one of countless people who are having the same problem.The warranty process is the worse I have ever seen . I was forced to call 4 times , the first two times they told me to call back the following day because their system was down . The 3rd time I was told someone would call me back because customer service was busy ?!?! The final call I was told to fax my receipt to them then call them back within 48 hours to get a return address to ship the unit back to . I would then be charged $ 30 for them to ship the unit back to me . If anyone is even remotely of ordering this product , DO N'T ! It is not worth the time and aggravation .
 I purchased the twin pack Ionic Pro about 6 months ago and up until now they have worked great . However , the little crackling noise the machine makes when the ionizer needs cleaned continues to make noise no matter how much I clean it . This is happening on both my ionizers . DO NOT BUY ! DO NOT BUY !
 This is a cheap knock off the original . The air flow is very flow compared to the first generation Ionic Breeze . These are about half the size of a normal Ionic Breeze . You have to tilt these on their side to use , and they have a really bright blue led for a power indicator . For the ability to clean the air ... Not more cleaning power with these . Do n't waste your money . Buy a real one . . I have both at home and these suck .
 We bought this set of smaller air cleaners along with one of the larger models . Please see my review on that bigger model . The smaller ones did n't totally give out like the larger model , but the smell emitted from them concerned me -LRB- kind of a hot `` burning '' electronics smell -RRB- that I no longer trusted them in our children 's room .
 Too bad there 's no way to add a pic to these reviews ; I saved a picture of my Ionic Pro where it ended up -- next to the garbage can outside -- where it should have been to begin with . It gives off ozone , and is a hassle to clean . Actually , it 's more than a hassle to clean , it 's impossible
 Works great . Would highly recommend for anyone with allergies . Great deal . I even like the car ionizers . Would purchase from this seller again.Ionic Pro CA200T Twin Pack Compact Ionic Air Purifier with Bonus Car Ionizers
 you can only smell the ions when its filthy , otherwise I notice no difference at all with having them on . you have to clean it once a month . the car ionizer are garbage also .
 I had purchased these ionizers to try to reduce the amount of dust and relative stale-smelling air in my condo and to help my allergies/asthma . I was excited to try them out , but then I did some reading and found out that they attract the dust by releasing ozone into the air -LRB- Google it for a better explanation -RRB- . I read in a few places that it is `` unlikely '' that the low levels of ozone they emit could be harmful to people with conditions like asthma , but they do n't really know with certainty . I also read that it may be best to run the purifiers when you are NOT home , and shut them off when you are there , again , something to do with the ozone.They may work great , and pose absolutely no health risk to anyone , who knows . I do n't take chances with my health , though , so I decided to return them . There are other types of air purifiers that do not use this method , and I 'm considering one of those , instead .
 The price , space and product is not worth it . It is silent but it removes very little from the air and plus if you open a door or window . . poof the stuff out of the air is back . I have puppies and wanted to get rid of their fur on my clothes . This product did absolutely nothing for it . I bought a loud air filter and that seems to work better because it sucks in all the air . But it is loud !
 DONT BUY THIS PURIFIER IS NO GOOD AT ALL , DONT UNDERSTAND WHY IS SOME PERSONS THAT DO RECOMENDED IT MAYBE THEY ARE NOT ALLERGIC ONLY LIKE THE SMELL OF CLEAN
 I have done tons of research on these type of electronic air purifiers including have family members how bought these as well . First I like to say that study and test show that Ionic Breeze has the lowest ratings possible and are made very cheap even there $ 800 . dollar models . Also that 3rd party manufacturers like Ionic pro to name a few are built and filter the air a lot better the Ionic Breeze -LRB- brand name -RRB- models.The downside Unless you like the smell of air being electronic discharged like the smell of a lighting storm and headaches to go along with it then I would recommend to stay away from these regardless of the brand . If you do n't mind it then go buy any nock off model just stay away from Ionic breeze which is made cheap and they also live up to marketing hype and advertisements to rely on business . Just like Blue-Ray dvds . Do n't take my word for it do the research and see your self .
 Non-stick qualities are decent but not exciting . There can be uneven browning on some items , especially small ones . In addition , it gets filthy easily and oils do n't clean off as easily as I would have expected .
 We have had it for 2 weeks , it does everything every one else says it does , BUT it fell apart . The white edging around it cracked and became brittle . Could not use it anymore , in the process of sending it back . It also discolors and is hard to clean . Non stick aluminum foil is the way to go .
 I did some research before buying this as I have read pros and cons to the different brands . The pros for the Matfer are that it looks better -LRB- IMO -RRB- , stores nicely , laid perfectly flat in the pan , and was easy to clean . I used it three times in a 350 oven with no problems . Last night I used it at 425 and it set off BOTH of my smoke detectors ! NOTHING has ever set them both off ... not even cleaning the stove ! Here 's the thing
 After about 5 uses cookies stuck to it just like a cookie sheet . First 5 uses they would slide right and it worked as advertised . All downhill from there . Have tried scrubbing it with dishwashing soap , letting it sit in the sink in soapy water for half and hour , cookies still stick to it .
 I bought this supposedly handy baking sheet about a year ago , but used it for the first time today when I ran out of aluminum foil . I popped it in the preheated 425F oven with some leftover pizza for 8 minutes . After about 2 minutes it started smoking and set off our smoke alarm . At first I thought this was due to some poor oven cleaning , but the smoke started pluming quite abundantly after another 2 minutes , clearly emanating in all directions from the baking sheet . Obviously I 'm not the only one to have this problem , but it does seem I got a defective and that this is not par for the course . I just hope I do n't get sick from inhaling whatever that stuff was .
 I have one of the Silpat 's which is more expensive and love it for baking . It saves messy cleanups and is more environmentally friendly than continually using parchment paper . When I saw the Matfer product was made by Silpat and was significantly less expensive , factoring in the 4 for 3 promotion , I bought two . The first two that came were absolutely filthy , having grease marks all over the edges . In addition , the white edging was peeling/flaking off both mats . Amazon 's return service was a dream and I reordered replacements for the two defective mats . Well , guess what - the replacements ' edges were also peeling/flaking off . I 've returned these to Amazon and once I get my refund will purchase the more expensive Silpat product . Do n't waste your money on these less expensive items .
 I used the Matfer sheet for a pizza crust but did n't have it more than 5 minutes in the approx . 400 degree oven before a horrible smell filled the apartment and the smoke alarms began shrieking . This was a brand new sheet , so there was no residual grease on this matt , as one suggested to another experiencing this problem.A few others with the problem also seem to be in an apartment , so perhaps the smell is better tolerated or not as noticeable in a larger house ? Or did a bunch of us get defective sheets ? Until I 'd find out , I could n't recommend this product .
 As some other reviewers have mentioned , the sheet leaves a chemically taste and smell in your baked products -- it 's nothing awful , but noticeable , and , to me , bothersome . I thought it would fade , but after a few attempts I figured my `` wear-in '' efforts were n't worth all the cookies ending up in the trash . The surface of this baking sheet was easy to wipe clean . However , the grease from the food eventually started soaking into the sheet and leaving circles of grease which I just could not wash out . At the end of the day , I do n't think this is any more convenient or better than using parchment . This product is overrated .
 I thought I would save the hassle and money involved in using parchment paper to line my cookie sheets by using this Matfer Exopat nonstick baking sheet , but I am disappointed and am switching back.My cookies spread out too fast on this sheet and got too flat and brown , just like what they used to do on the cookie sheet without any parchment paper.My other problem with this item is getting it clean . I have washed it with soap and hot water multiple times , but I can still see the grease from where the cookies baked . I ca n't get it clean!I am disappointed in this item and am going back to parchment paper . I would recommend you save yourself the $ 10 !
 The first several times I used my Exopat I was totally convinced I would never cook on parchment paper again . They were totally as described by so many reviewers , a nonstick wonder . The bottoms of cookies were perfect and uniform in color and browning . Over the two months since I have had them , a peculiar , nondistinct taste has been detected in the cookies I am baking on these sheets . It is very subtle , but nontheless , an undesired taste . I use the same cookie dough and did a nonscientific experiment and the cookies baked on parchment or plain baking sheet did not have the same peculiar flavor . Is the silicone stable ??? I have decided not to bake any longer on these sheets . I will find other uses for them but they will not be used any longer for baking cookies on . I would love to know if anyone else has encountered similar problems .
 I was so excited by this whole idea . So I made my cookies and very excitedly put them on the exopat sheet . 2minutes later my smoke alarm went off . There was a horrible smell and smoke and the alarm would not stop no matter what . I had to take the battery out just to make it stop . And that was it for my cookies . Had to transfer everything to parchment . I use these sheets only for rolling out dough now .
 Maybe I have a faulty one , but I used it to bake cookies and make a few french fries and it is starting to peel at the edges . I do not believe it will last for 3000 uses.Pretty alarming since I read from another reviewer there is fiberglass in it . If it gets worse I will throw it in the trash and unfortunately add to a landfill . Also it picks up the scent of the food -LRB- gingerbread , french fries , chocolate -RRB- and you smell that even after you wipe it down.I am sorry to say I would not recommend this product and plan on using parchment .
 So , I saw this Exopat mat on sale ... after reading the reviews , it seemed like a great buy . I typically would use aluminum foil to bake , but figured I could save some money by using this re-usable non-stick mat . Well , turns out that it was just as sticky as aluminum foil.I baked cookies on it a few times , and the cookie smell actually got baked into the silicon . Even after washing and washing , you could see grease circles were the cookies baked.So , you are paying for a silicon mat that is a pain to wash , seems to stick more than non-stick surface , and soaks in grease . I went to IKEA and purchased a dupont non-stick cookie sheet for 4 dollars and never looked back.My EXOPAT MAT ended up in the trashcan after a week .
 Every time I try to use this in the oven , the food smokes on the sheet , causing my smoke alarm to go off in the apartment!I ended up using this to protect my coffee table under my laptop computer .
 huh ? What on earth ? Had some cookies on this , and it just started spewing smoke . Unless you are looking for a chilling effect for fancy presentations , stay away from this product .
 While I love that my cookies do n't stick to the pan , I have yet to figure out how to adjust the oven temperature and cooking time to make the cookies turn out right . I 've gone back to making cookies without using my Baking Sheet.They do work great for rolling out pie dough or sugar cookies -LRB- and not so messy ! -RRB- .
 I am a physician and have an issue with baking anything on plastic , silicone or otherwise ... we now are aware of the issue with heating in tupperware and are learning more ... and you want to bake on silicone ???? I 'll take my health over the 5 extra minutes it takes to wash a cookie sheet . Wow.Dr . Tracey Martin MDPhoenix Arizona
 I admit , this product is not what I expected or needed , so that may bias my review . Two main complaints - it is not very sturdy . I find it difficult to transport it to and from the oven without dropping the contents . I also noticed a chemical like smell when heated.So far , I am not very impressed .
 First time using , smoked up the entire house with foul chemical/plastic smelling heavy SMOKE that activated all smoke alarms and made me feel light headed . Not sure what to do now . May return to mfg. . . Let me stress ... this was very heavy smoke-thick and acrid !!!
 I am certain that this is the mat that I bought through Amazon less than 3 months ago , right before Thanksgiving and the big baking rush . I purchased two of them `` Exopat Matfer '' Made in France A09 - printed on each ... I just want to be sure before I complain about them because my experience with these two mats was entirely different than the rave reviews I read here.I have a gas oven and did not do any extraordinary cooking or anything that should have distressed these mats and yet BOTH mats , after the third use , developed a white chalky texture in an area near and on the white border around each mat . One of the mats actually has a hole in it at the distressed point , the other mat would have a hole if ever used again.I can not recommend these mats and am truly disappointed . It is probably a fluke but since I ca n't be sure and the time limit to return is expired I will move on and get something else.Let me just say , though , after dozens , if not a hundred , purchases on Amazon , this is really the only truly disappointing item I 've ever gotten ... . not bad odds.Cheers .
 I bought this product thinking it was as good as a Silpat . NOT !! It did not do the job ! not only did it stick but it broke my cookies ! UG ! next time I will just buy the silpat !
 I really thought I 'd have an easy-to-clean baking surface for cookies , bread , etc. . This mat was useful two or three times and then food started sticking to it and now , after I 've used it about 12 times , it is dirty , impossible to clean and heading for my trash bin . The main point is that stuff does stick to it , and it is really impossible to soak and wash off . There were no instructions for cleaning or treating the mat when I got it so if I 've done something wrong -LRB- I used it and wiped it clean , that 's what I did -RRB- I 'd like to know .
 I have owned this for two years and stopped using it once the edge started flaking off . I doubt that the chunks that were coming off are unhealthy , but I sure do n't want pieces of silicone in my food . Now I use parchment paper exclusively and there is no danger of getting chunks of it in my baked goods .
 Everyone that I spoke with raved about this product but alas I can not concur . I placed it under a pie that I was making to collect any spill-overs and ended up with a smoke-filled kitchen . The run off from the pie burned onto the mat and refused to come off . Also , the mat started to unravel on the edge . All of this from just one use ! The mat was completely ruined and needless to say I was very disappointed with the experience .
 I bought this based on all the glowing reviews . Yet like a few others posted here . I tried them out for cookies and triggered the smoke alarm and had this horrible smell in the apartment for the rest of the day and night . I tried emailing the company but never got a response . Very disappointed and would say that if there are infant/toddlers in your house or home , I would suggest you avoid this product .
 My original exopat mat lasted about five years . Two months ago it became stuck to my cookie sheet , and both bakeware items were ruined . I ordered a new exopat mat about two months ago and after a dozen uses , it became stuck to the cookie sheet , and left a small piece of silicon on my new cookie sheet . I would definitely recommend getting another brand of cookie sheet because they do n't make exopats like they use to !
 Do n't try to call tech support , they will hang up on you and then make fun of you of you pronounce the name of the maker wrong . I could not get a consistant cup of espresso out of it and the seal leaked . I returned it 10 days after I got it . I tried several different grinds and different coffees , different tamping methods , etc. . I wo n't buy from that company again !!
 Briel 's espresso machines are complete junk . I had the same problems the others reviewers state . After reading the complaints about the service center and how you pay shipping both ways for warranty repairs , I have decided to junk it and count it as a lesson learned .
 My wife picked up a Briel Multi-Pro -LRB- it 's not quite this version , but it looks very similar -RRB- at a THRIFT store . It was internally broken in ways one ca n't even imagine . Briel uses security Allen keys to close up their product , making it difficult to get inside , but she took a Dremel to the screws and opened the case up . Inside , the pipe that connects the pump to the steam wand had broken off leaving a huge hole in the pump side-wall . Given that the machine was in otherwise externally flawless condition , it is hard to see how this could have happened . After all , the machine was certainly not dropped or kicked . It would appear that mere * use * of the machine is sufficient to cause the internal components to fall apart.We considered sending the machine in to be fixed , but after reading reviews -LRB- and discovering we 'd have to pay shipping in both directions -RRB- we decided this would be an exercise in futility . It looks as if Briel has some of the worst customer service on the planet . I 'd stay far away from them . They obviously build trash.That said , my wife is very handy , and she managed to repair the pump side wall and make other internal fixes . She just made her first cup of espresso , and loves the crema . -LRB- The wand is no longer functional . She sealed the pump side-wall . -RRB- We 'll see how long it lasts before she has to open it up again and fix the piece of junk . I 'd say we payed a reasonable price for this . If you have to pay much more than $ 4 for yours , do n't .
 Well , I can not comment on how this machine works as I just opened the box . What I do want to say is that there is NO VHS tape included and I can not figure out where the heck they would have put it if there was as there is no place in the box for it . The second thing is that the instruction manual that DID come with this machine is very vague . I guess I 'll have more to say later about the operations of the machine .
 The machine worked great for about 3 months , then it started leaking , we looked inside and a rubber gasket had melted and a silicone stopper had turned to dust . Ok so things happen . After reading the horror stories here about the service center in NJ I called the one in Canada . A very nice man that spoke French and a little broken English tried to help but said he could not honor the warranty because it was purchased in the US . So then the nightmare began . I tried calling the US center 4 days running and kept getting a busy signal.I had overtime misplaced the 800 number so I used MSN 's yellow pages and dialed long distance . I then spent 10 minutes argueing with 2 people that I indeed did not dial the 800 number and would they please give me that number . After being called a liar about that I was told it would cost approximately $ 60 in handling fees , and if they determined that the damage was my fault I would be paying for the parts and labor as well.I dont really give a damn how nice the coffe is folks , if that machine breaks down and you live in the US , consider yourself owning a $ 200 door stop , or a $ 400 machine after repair . Personally , if Im going to spend $ 400 its going to be on a different machine and it certainly wont be made by Briel
 As long as this machine works , it 's fine . But when it breaks down , as it will , get ready for , as someone else already called it - ` the royal run-around ' . This machine broke down after about a year . We sent it in , forked over another 100 bucks , and soon were back to sipping cappuccinos . Sure enough , the machine broke down again ten months later . When we explained the problem over the phone - in detail ! - , the repair person assured us that this was the same problem and , since it was within a year of the last repair , we would n't have to pay for it . So we sent it in again.The real fun started when we received a call that our machine was ready , with the request for another $ 80 -LRB- in addition to the $ 20 for shipping we already paid -RRB- . Suddenly , Mr. Steve Karow informed us , the previously repaired part only had a 90 day warrantee . When I told Mr. Karow of the earlier conversation , and that we only sent in the machine again because of the warrantee , he told us that , and I quote
 I was happy with my Briel Cadiz at first . Nevertheless , after 4 months , the unit started excessively leaking steam and water . I sent it in to Briel 's service center in New Jersey in May - as of today -LRB- Sept. 21 -RRB- I still do n't have it back . I have called , been promised that it is shipping in a few days , more times than I can count . So , I 've waited 4 months -LRB- and counting -RRB- for warranty repair of a unit that was only 4 months old . I 've sent a letter to Briel 's HQ in Portugal requesting that they send me a new unit , but have had no response . I am not going to purchased a Briel product again.Maybe even more discouraging is that Amazon has been completely unwilling to help in this manner . I am very surprised that Amazon will not hold their vendors to higher standards of customer service.So , if you buy a Briel product - pray that nothing ever goes wrong .
 I have mixed feelings abut my Briel Cadiz . When I first received it , I became more popular than the local Starbucks . Everyone wanted one of my rich , creamy , foamy cappuchinos . A year and a half later , I wish I had n't purchased this machine . It still makes excellent expresso shots , particularly since I 've mastered all the little details that get it to turn out just right . However , the head of the milk foamer broke off , the button that switches the boiler heater to steam is broken , and of course the warranty is expired . I 'm reduced to heating milk in the microwave and making lattes ... but they still taste great!The best part about this machine is its ability to turn out excellent expresso shots thanks to a nice little pump unit , perfect temperature regulation , and nicely engineered parts -LRB- some , not all ! -RRB- . The worst part is that underneath that gleaming exterior , its nothing more than a collection of rather tiny -LRB- and quite fragile -RRB- plastic parts , electric connections , a pump , and a brass boiler . Do n't open it up - it will destroy the illusion that you own a real Italian coffee machine !!! Buy this if you want to turn out excellent coffees and do n't want to spend more than $ 250 ... this year . Buy something with a lot more quality engineered inside if you plan on using your machine for more than twelve months.By the way , I read all of those positive reviews before I bought my Cadiz . A year later I 'm seeing a lot of negatives that were n't there a year ago . I say ... buyer beware !!!
 the product was not durable and had to be repaired 2 times in 18 months ... 1 time was not under warrenty .
 I bought a Briel 8 months ago . I read the customer reviews and since the majority gave it a 5 star , I ignored the bad reviews and bought one . I 'm sorry I did n't pay more attention to the bad reviews . For the first 8 months , it was great . Then all of a sudden it exploded . I cleaned it and tried again and it exploded again . At present it 's at the repair shop . I 'm going to buy a Kitchen Aid .
 Really wanted to like this machine for it 's style , price and features . Received it yesterday and made 8 cups of espresso in the last day . The water would not pass through a double shot . Pods worked great however . On the third cup of cappacino the frother stopped working . Checked it for blockage - no problems there . Ca n't explain ... but like others have said for similar machines , you should be able to expect an appliance like this to work ... at least for a while .
 If I had written this review 6 months ago , I would have rated this machine 5 stars , I loved it ! Made excellent Latte 's and was easy to operate . But then it started dripping out of the steam value , the day I discovered a plastic seal completely melted off the machine . I got in touch with the service agency Electra-Craft Inc. . However when my `` repaired '' machine came back 3 weeks later , it was covered in ice , as they had n't drained it properly after testing . The cover was warped , the entire pump section had exploded with ice forcing the front plate completely off hanging on only by the wires . 3 weeks of calls , emails and promises of replacement only to be changed a day later . I received my broken machine back still with the top plate broken and the front somehow magically reattached - even though all the chrome and plastic screw mounts were completely cracked ... the best part , now they claim it was never really broken just wet ! Nice little machine until it breaks and you need service .
 When I bought this I read a few good reviews and a few bad reviews . I ordered it anyway , figuring with the name Briel that I would be safe . After using it only about 3 weeks , it started leaking water constantly from the frother part . Not just a drip , drip , but more like a trickle ... to the point that I had to have a towel underneath it just to use the espresso part . Thank goodness I was able to return it . Hopefully I will have better luck with my next one ... . not a Briel !!!
 Given all of the rave reviews , the price , and the product description I thought that choosing the Briel Cadiz was an easy decision to make.After about a dozen brews the valve that regulates steam output no longer closes completely . Also , the instructional video was missing ; although I was promised a replacement it still has n't yet arrived in the mail.Overall , my -LRB- $ -RRB- steam driven machine has offered a more reliable , trouble-free experience for over 5 years - glad I did n't throw it away when I received the Briel .
 I bought my DeLonghi Steam Cleaner on August 9 , 2005 . I have to say that I am very disappointed with the overall quality of the machine . To me it seemed like the pressure of the steam was not nearly as strong as the Euro pro I previously owned . I used it a total of two times before the yellow button that clicks the attachments into place broke off the handle . After the holidays I sent the unit in to one of DeLonghi 's authorized service repair shops . They have had my steamer for TWO months ! When I called them in Feb. they told me that they were waiting for the part to come in , and that I should n't call them to follow-up on the status of the repair of my steamer . In other words , they will fix it when they can and do n't bug them about it . I believe this is unacceptable . I paid a good sum of money for poor quality , poor customer service , and a great amount of frustration . I would n't recommend buying this steamer . I only with that I had listened to the negative reviews over the positive ones that I read on amazon . Save yourself the frustration of purchasing this steamer . Looking back , I did n't rate the Euro pro very high because it only lasted me two years . However , two years is better than two times of use . I am still waiting to get my steamer back ! Maybe in another month or so it will be shipped back to me , hopefully in working order .
 when i bought it i thought it was made by Electrolux - not anymore . Now made by Eureka and has broken down after only 2 years . When it works , it 's great - but the repairman said , not being a real Electrolux , it 's got a lot of defects.don ' t recommend
 When I bought this product , I assumed that I would be able to lock it with a simple lock , even if I had to purchase the lock separately . Instead , this LOCKer is no more than a simple shelving unit .
 I bought this and have used it a couple of times . It takes a lot of time and enery to grind with it and prefer to use another method that is quicker .
 Made in China , it is hand driven . Takes a long time to grind flax seeds for example . Not easy to care for after use , not practical for kitchen use . Cuisinart has better alternatives . I returned this item .
 I 've been wearing a pair of these titanium framed glasses for a year , at least until recently . I love the lenses and the comfortable fit . One of the few pairs of glasses I 've had where I can put them on and forget I have them on , they are so comfortable . I religeously care for my sunglasses , always keeping them out of harms-way whenever they are off my face . About 4 months after wearing them daily , one of the lenses started to loosen at the nose-piece attachment place . Within a week or so it came off because the rivit came apart . I could n't find my receipt to get a warrentee repair so used some super-glue to reattach it . I needed to re-glue it about every other week after that . The other lense was becoming looser during that time-period so I expected to repair it before too long . Last week when I took the glasses off one of the arms simply broke in two.So , although I love the clarity of the lenses and comfort , I also hate the lack of durability of the design . I 'm relatively poor and ca n't afford to replace expensive glasses very often . If this is you too you might want to consider a different product .
 This fan works ok , and moves a lot of air , but it so awfully noisy , that I really hate to use it when I am home . I do turn it on in the RV when I have to leave my dogs for any length of time , in case there is a power outage and the air conditioner quits , because it runs on the coach batteries.Unfortunately the clip broke when it fell from the place I had it clipped to .
 The dispenser developed a leak due to a crack in the bottom of the unit in less than a week . Although it looks nice and seems to work okay other than the leak , buyer beware .
 The first day I set it up , I returned home after dinner to find the water bottle empty and my kitchen floor full of water . The water seemed to be coming from the top of the crock , rather than the bottom ... like the water bottle did not stop dispensing after it filled the crock . I do n't know what went wrong .
 I ordered a gardenia for my mother for motner 's day and she got a peacelily instead . I can not get any response from the seller and am extremely displeased .
 While I know Gardenia 's do n't just bloom on command , I did expect that my birthday gift to my daughter would be blooming at the time of delivery . I was disappointed to find out there were no blooms or an indication that it would be blooming soon . After complaining to the Seller , I was more than satisfied with their follow up and assurance that it would be blooming soon . I gave TWO STARS because they sent two plants . A star for each excellent delivery.It is now more than three months ; yes they sent a 2nd plant that was just like the first NO BLOOMS . So do n't expect that your gift will arrive with beautiful blooms to cheer the heart of your loved one . Now after 3 months one plant is dead , never bloomed and the other is dying - no bloom . This was a total waste of money and I would recommend that if you want to buy a beautiful plant of any kind , buy it from a merchant in the city where your loved one lives . That way any problems can be resolved Face to Face . I DO N'T RECOMMEND THIS SELLER OR THE SO-CALLED LARGE FRAGRANT GARDENIA . SAVE YOUR MONEY .
 I got this and another Chicago Cutlery knife for my wife . She did n't like the handle of this one at all . She has small hands , so that may be a factor . I also bought the
 I bought this to complement a comparable 25 year old Chicago Cutlery paring knife we have used daily for this time . There is no comparison . The new one has a wispy blade that bent immediately when I tried to pry apart some frozen goods . The old one did this hundreds of times without any problems . Clearly a `` program for profit '' at CC led to cheaper steel . Does n't say so on the product , but probably Chinese manufacture . In a cutting device , this is not the way to go . Very disappointed .
 The Flow Pro is not a high velocity fan ! There are three -LRB- 3 -RRB- speeds and when you switch through them they are not significantly different from each other . I judged the fan weak and not that of high velosity . I bought this because of a review I relied on . I was wrong , and the review was too generous . Do n't buy this fan , it does not deliver .
 I have n't received the knife yet . You have my money . Do something about this failure.Herb Meyer
 I thought this knife was great and trusted the Chicago Cutlery brand , BUT over the summer while cutting through a watermelon , the knife blade totally snapped in half once the blade hit the cutting board .
 This is a grooved , rather than a straight steel . This means it is taking significant portions of metal off your edge with each pass -LRB- that 's the job of a sharpening tool , not a honing tool ! -RRB- . The grooves risk significant damage to your blade . The grooving is sort of apparent from the photo , but it should be made more explicit . Consider yourself forewarned !
 I have used this brand of knife for 23 years . I own other high quality knives but this has been my favorite for ease of sharpening . But the new knife blade is not as heavy -LRB- less steel -RRB- and the handle not as user friendly .
 I bought three different sets . these , very expensive wustofs , and very cheap Slitzers -LRB- see that review -RRB- . I was surprised that these were the best of the bunch . very very sharp . handle about the right size even though I have big hands . these were the best value.after a year of using and washing , these get rusty . very surprised since they are stainless . found that if you prewash and get all the grease off first they are much less likely to rust in the dishwasher because of this I dropped my original great review to one star .
 I wanted to buy an expensive knife and did not know too many name brands so I decided to get one we have had for so many years and did well `` Chicago Cutlery '' . I really do not think these are real because within a week , I found rust marks and are they dull or what . I would not be buying these anymore . I just ordered a Wusthof knife , I guess it is supposed be a lot better . I will update you when I get them .
 For the price , you ca n't complain . But ... you get what you pay for . Chicago Cutlery steak knives are not the best . Having wood handles , you also must be careful how to wash and dry.I bought a set of 4 , ten years ago . They rust , do n't hold an edge , and must be sharpened regularly.IMO , buy a set of high end Henckels or Wustof steak knives instead . Spend the extra dime.In this instance , `` you really do get what you pay for . `` Especially Wustof classic set of 6 steak knives . They are so well made , you can pass them on to your family 's future generations of kids and grand kids !!! In fact , I just bought another set to share with my best friends!Baruse
 I own a few other Chicago Cutlery knives that work just fine , but this set seems to be made from a much softer metal . These knives dull very quickly and when I sharpen them , they wear down extremely fast .
 I bought a set of these several years ago and finally replaced them . Despite proper storage and honing , they just wo n't keep an edge . Additionally , they are a bit too flexible for cutting through a very large steak.On the plus side , when they are sharp they handle most cuts of meat reasonably well .
 I was looking for more flexibility in the knife . I thought it should give more than it did . I would not recommend it if you have another choice . The price is good , but not if you have to purchase another one to do the job you thought this one would do . Save your pennies and get the knife that 's right for you ... and the job you have to do with the knife .
 Bought it - loved it , left in the sink one time overnight by accident and it rusted out about 1/32 of an inch of the blade edge . I would normally not leave a blade in the sink overnight . But with some of the knives I have owned for 30 plus years - it is bound to happen sooner or later - and it does.I have never seen one of my knives when left in the sink rust , except a couple of cheap ones purchased over the years . But I would have expected that . This was unexpected to be sure because of the brand name.Had to discard . Maybe it was just defective , or just my fault.If you buy this knife , treat it like you would a knife you might buy at a food store and never leave it in the sink touching other metallic objects for any extended time more than an hour or so would be my suggestion .
 I was really hoping this product would work in my closet ; however , I am sadly disappointed . My closet smelled fresher for the first day or so , but by the 3rd or 4th day , any scent was long gone . My closet does not smell fresh and it definitely does not smell `` ocean-air fresh ! '' The clothes hanging in that closet are not stinky ; they are just rarely worn and I wanted something to keep them smelling fresh . On the plus side , I did not spend very much for them - they come in packets of 2 . Perhaps they would work better in a much smaller closet . The closet they were hanging in was a normal sized , bedroom closet . I will not be purchasing these again , but I will continue to look for a product that addresses my needs .
 This product is not worth purchasing , even though it is sold at a very cheap price . Now I understand why . This item barely has a scent . When placed in closet , I did not notice any difference . I defintely will not purchase this item again . SAVE YOUR MONEY & TIME .
 I really like these glasses especially being oversize . Like the design . But -LRB- you knew that was coming -RRB- they are fragile ! I have n't broken one yet but I can tell they are fragile . I tried twice to order the double old fashioned glasses in the same design but they were always received broken . Amazon finially refused to replace them would not ship anymore . They did refund my money though .
 Sorry I bought it , poorly constructed , top screws on to stop at different points depending where you start screwing it on so the drinking hole can be right where the handle is !
 What a joke . These Le Creuset Stoneware Petite Casseroles have no purpose . They are 100 % smaller than I thought . They are usuless and waaaayyyy overpriced . They are n't worth 5 bucks a piece let alone the $ 14.99 a piece I paid and I bought 8 of them . save your money ! do n't buy these !
 It is not stated in the description , but you have ONE DAY in which to return the product if defective . And then you package and pay the return postage on a defective $ 6.87 purchase . However , in all fairness , I should state that the seller did post a full credit to my account.My clock makes so much noise it annoys me from fifteen feet away . Impossible to use in a bed room . Plus the knob used to adjust the time broke off the first time I turned it.Amazon , take this item off your website !
 This little clock ticks so loud you ca n't sleep . Also very hard to turn on the alarm becuase of the small buttons .
 Even before I had the packaging open I knew I 'd made a mistake . I 've gotten time pieces out of gumball machines that were more substantial then this . It keeps time , is the only good thing I can say about it . The casing is cheap , the adjustment knobs come off in your hand , the light is n't nearly what you are expecting . The word to descride this clock is junk . -LRB- I would be afraid to travel with this clock . -RRB-
 This clock is cheap and that has a reason
 This little clock does n't keep time . It will slowly lose time until one day you realize that the time you have on this clock is far behind your other clock . You see , I keep this little clock next to my pillow so I will get out of bed according to the time shown . But every month I would find out that the time is wrong and that I am late . And no , it is not because the batteries are low , there 's something wrong with this clock even with new batteries . I have this clock for over a year now , I have decided to discard it .
 Knobs fell off of back of clock within a couple of weeks and the pins sticking out were so short that you can not adjust the time and alarm settings without these knobs . I bought this for my senior mom since she likes the analog clocks and everything around is digital . This clock was replacing the one that my mom had for about 15 years that finally broke . My mom is in a senior home across town and I was out of town for 2 weeks on business . I immediately contacted the merchant that I purchased from and informed them about how cheap the quality of this product was . The bottom line was , 30 day return/exchange policy no exceptions . Clock was thrown in the recycle -LRB- since it 's pretty much plastic -RRB- and I am out the money plus shipping . I will not order from this company or clock manufacture ever again .
 This TYPE of alarm clock is the only alarm clock I ever own - and I have owned many of them over the years -LRB- they do not break , rather , I leave them places or give them away -RRB- . It is simple , eaasy to set and read , reliable , it has a light , and the alarm sounds at just the right volume to wake you but not irritate you . This one , however , has an audible TICK_TOCK that is unacceptable and annoying !! I sent it back and am ordering the Westclock version .
 When I received this clock , I installed a new battery and set the clock to the current time . Within a couple of days the clock was showing a time that was 4 hours off . I had exactly the same problem with the Casio version of this chinese crap .
 My husband got this clock to keep on his nightstand for quick reference in the dark hours . However , its ticking is so loud that we ca n't stand to have it anywhere in the bedroom . We tossed it .
 The bake set was ok except that the lid to the larger dish was broken . Unfortunately , I made the mistake of not checking the contents until I needed to use it for a dinner .
 I do n't like the smell of this cover . I do n't know whether it is PVC free . PVC is bad for health .
 I bought this as a clear cover for our table to use when playing dominoes and such . It came folded with hard wrinkles at the fold lines . I 've tried removing the lines with a hair dryer , and ca n't get the wrinkles out no matter how hard I try . It was a waste of money as far as I 'm concerned .
 Disappointed by its thinness . But I have been using it for a month and have n't had a tear . Would prefer oilcloth .
 I am very disappointed in this item . It is NOT a heavy duty tablecloth ... the plastic is very thin and flimsy . If you are looking for something with a little thickness and strength , do not purchase this item .
 .006 gauge may be `` heavy '' from a marketing standpoint but certainly not from a functionality standpoint . It would take only minor slip ups to accidentally put holes in this tablecloth . Our previous plastic cloth was substantially heavier .
 I bought this clear plastic tablecloth to cover my newly brought lace tablecloth , the plastic cover is far to thin for what I wanted it for . I will be buying a thicker plastic tablecloth in the furture .
 its thick/tough enough and does its job.only issues to think about is it comes folded and im not sure you can truly get the fold out -LRB- might be better to buy off a roll as i did before at a fabric store so there are no folds , was allot happier with a rolled one .
 I purchased this to place over our oak table in order to protect and show off the wood . When I opened the package the cover was covered in dust and looked like it had been sitting in someones warehouse forever . I worked for 45 minutes wiping it down , flipping it over , wiping the other side down , and it still looks like it has been sitting on someone 's table for a year ! Too much of a hassle to try and fold it back up in order to return , but I will not purchase from this provider again .
 I bought this table cloth and at first was very happy with it and I reviewed it like that but after having it on my table for a couple of weeks , I noticed it was marked under the cloth and to my dismay with I lifted the vinyl table cloth , it had marked my beautiful table !!! I have n't been able to get the mark out of the wood where the Lazy susan was sitting on a mat on top of the plastic . Also there is another mark in another spot where nothing usually sits . They are large spots and I am very upset , do n't ruin your table like I have mine , do n't buy this vinyl cloth for your table .
 Plastic is way too thin to ever look good . I did n't even bother using it ... it was too wrinkled , too cheap looking . But , it 's very inexpensive . So if you 're not concerned with thickness , this could work for you .
 I purchased one of these a few years ago . Loved it . Was a nice , thick plastic , kept my table clean , endured cat claws , but finally I had to replace it . I ordered this -LRB- not from Amazon directly , which said it was having issues with the product , but would n't say which issues -RRB- through the seller directly on Amazon.It does n't feel the same -LRB- feels thinner -RRB- than the previous one , but that 's not the issue -- the AWFUL SMELL is the issue . I 've had that thing outside for 3 days , and I still ca n't stand putting it in the house . The smell is chemical and awful.For me this was a wasted purchase . And be careful -- although Amazon may put a notice that says &#34; you purchased this on X date &#34; -- it may not be the same product at all . I 'm very disappointed .
 It 's too thin and easily deforms under warm or large containers . The look and feel is n't that good either . I 'll definitely prefer similar trickier clear plastic .
 I ordered a 70 '' round one , but got a 60 '' x90 '' one instead . Contacted the seller but got no response .
 I purchased this clear tablecloth to cover my new table . I wanted to protect the finish of the fine wood . My husband thinks the tablecloth makes the table look cheap . He wo n't let me use it . I am going to use nice place mats instead . The tablecloth is made well .
 Took it out of the package and seam was incorrectly sewn . Was coming apart . Not going to bother sending it back but wo n't purchase again .
 i read the reviews prior to purchasing , so i thought i would be able to get out the folds it comes with . i tried everything ! i first ironed the creases with a towel over the plastic . when that didnt work , i used a blow dryer . and when that did n't work , i threw it in the dryer . with the dryer , the original folding creases came out , but it wrinkled the plastic so much that it looked much worse . i ca n't have people over with a wrinkled tablecloth ... so i am throwing it away ! beware ... i 'm not a perfectionist , but i would never serve my guests with the wrinkled and creased tablecloth !
 The plastic is so cheap ! Cheaper than the plastic used in packaging bed sheets , full of creases , and you will be embarrassed to display that anywhere in your home . After several attempts , I had to put it in the trash bin . It is not even worth the trouble to return it . $ 12 down to the drain . I wonder who wrote those glory reviews . Worse example of online shopping .
 At first , I was very impressed with this item . Then , it suddenly died and does not work anymore . I had recycled the original packaging literally 12 hours before -LRB- after holding on to it for a while to be sure that everything seemed to work -RRB- and thus can not return the item . I feel ripped off . The business which actually shipped it said that I could try to send it back to Honeywell , but I know that I 'll end up investing more time in the process than the item is actually worth . Honeywell screws Jersey City once again ! -LRB- They polluted our community with chromium -- think Erin Brokovich -- and refuse to clean up or foot the bill for cleanup -RRB-
 I bought this blender based on the reviews here , as well as its great-looking design . When I got the blender , only one of those factors came through.First thing I noticed
 Like many say it has a nice design but functionally it is poor . The Glass Jar has 8 parts , the Steel Jar has 7 parts , and glass jar broke within 6 months of light use . I also second the fact that this unit is prone to leaking and as a professional chef I can tell you this is not worth the time or money as there are better products out there .
 I too bought this for making smoothies . The angle of the blades causes too much air to be whipped into the mix . Most blends come out so frothy you have to wait several minutes to drink . Solid ingredients come out in chunks regardless of speed or time . Margaritas come out frosty but hot , -LRB- how is that even possible ? -RRB- It is damn gorgeous though .
 I ordered this item on 11/09/2011 along with one other item . The other item has been delivered and the status on this item is `` Shipping Soon '' .
 The first shipment arrived with a broken piece . When this was reported to Amazon.com , a new order was placed immediately . I was impressed with the free shipping on the replacement order as well as the free shipping on the return of the damaged shipment . The second shipment arrived quickly and was intact .
 showed up broken , so that was a waste of time . packers should have put more padding in the box , but amazon was good about the return .
 The original `` French White '' Corningware was made of Corning 's famous pyroceramic glass , which could be used on the gas stove , put directly in the freezer , put under the broiler right from the freezer , and oh yes , also used in a microwave . And it was very unlikely to shatter if dropped . If you pounded on it with a hammer and nail you might have gotten it to break.When World Kitchens bought the license from Corning , they decided to halt production of a line of cookware that would take anything and last forever , and dupe customers , especially brides , into thinking the stoneware `` French White '' was the same thing as the wonderful French White pyroceramic cookware previously available to their mothers and sisters.The pattern is very attractive and can be used with any decor , and they do offer many sizes , but this stuff is not , repeat , really not , what people mean when they say `` Corningware . `` Le Creuset can do most of the above mentioned , but it being metal you can not use it in the microwave . Stoneware can not go on top of the stove , and repeated trips from the freezer to the oven will eventually cause it to craze and crack . And stoneware will also chip , and break if dropped , etc. . Pyrex glassware can not go on the gas stove although you can take it from the freezer to the oven , and also microwave it.The only product which could do anything was pyroceramic , and World Kitchens has chosen to remove it from the market because it is `` too good . `` They have recently brought back a few of the old square shapes , with the Cornflower , or plain white , calling it `` vintage , '' but the French White shape is not making an appearance yet . If you want it , email them and ask for it!Meanwhile , do n't buy this stuff . Get Le Creuset for cooking and roasting -LRB- yes it is expensive but it lasts forever and cooks beautifully -RRB- , and reheat things in Pyrex in the microwave .
 We 've had ORIGINAL Corning French White items for over 30 years and these have stood the test of time . These are n't those . This ` Corning ' is actually just the purchased/leased trademark that World Kitchens is using -LRB- Jarden has done this with Sunbeam , etc , I believe -RRB- to ride on the coattails of the original Corning Glass Works quality reputation . These have the rubber/plastic covers , too , but the cover for the larger casserole is NOT sized properly to fit ` airtight ' for effective containment . It is off measure by about 1/8th inch in the diameter - too big . This is also the same problem with the duplicate set I purchased . Also with the 7oz ramekin pair sold by Amazon , too . See that review , too . Not worth the money , unless you do n't care about using the rubber/plastic covers . We 're looking into Pyrex products for better satisfaction for our needs . Maybe Amazon should drop this company 's products to avoid disappointing its customers ?
 I was disappointed in the quality of this Corningware set . It was made in China and does not compare with my old Corningware that was made in the USA
 I bought one piece of this but wo n't buy any more . There are no handles ! It 's very hard to hold on to it . Has n't anyone else noticed this problem ?
 This thing is a cheap piece of plastic , and for the same price you can get the larger , nice rock fountain that i have owned and know for a fact works well . I can hardly hear the sound of the rain over the whirring of the motor . It has a nice design in terms of look and it 's compact . I also enjoy the lights for ambiance . But for relaxation , this thing has brought me more grief in 3 days than it 's worth .
 We were looking for an indoor fountain with a different sound -LRB- rather than the usual waterfall gurgle -RRB- so we decided to try this rainfall fountain . We ended up returning it the next day . Here 's why : First , the base reservoir is small and does n't hold much water . It requires constant monitoring to keep the pump adequately submerged.Next , the pump attaches directly to the underside of the fountain 's top section . Since the pump is n't isolated by a flexible piece of tubing -LRB- like with other fountains -RRB- , it caused the lightweight assembly to vibrate . We could get it to stop , but not for long . The vibrating pump was louder than the dripping water.Lastly , many of the rainfall holes would not allow any water through . We followed all of the cleaning and troubleshooting instructions -LRB- rinsing the fountain , wiping the top and bottom of each hole with a dry towel , filling the unit with distilled water and poking the holes with the included cleaning wire -RRB- , but still did n't experience the rainfall effect as depicted in the product photo . We imagine needing to repeat this cleaning regime quite often to keep it running .
 This is a cheap looking all plastic fountain . I should have read the other reviews before I bought it because it would have saved me the trouble of returning it . The hum of the pump is as loud as the wtaer noise which sort of defeats the `` relaxing water sound . '' Water does not flow through all of the holes all the time without a little help . Spend a little more and get something nicer , trust me .
 Probably should have bought something more ` significant ' Fortunately since the cost was minimal , I was n't out much money . I never used it ... it made weird noises . After reading the instructions , which had a lot of material on the noise factor , I had my doubts it would be something that would sound relaxing . These doubts were confirmed .
 bought this for my wife as she loves the sound of rain . It did n't live up to that very well . she has had other HOmedics fountains in the past and loved them , but this one did n't work all that well and was constanly either running over or running out of water . Pump burned up in a short time too .
 The small digital clock worked but the face clock did n't work . The second hand did n't move at all . You get what you pay for . The clock is cheap in all aspects . The company was good about accepting a return . Unfortuantely my blind friend will get her gift that I exchanged for after Christmas .
 When I first recieved these sheets , I loved them . They are quite soft . They 've been washed twice now , and the seams are starting to come apart on the fitted sheet and pillowcases . The edges on the flat sheet are now very frayed and it is coming apart where the sheet if folded over and sewn at the top .
 I bought a set of king burgundy fitted and flat sheets . It looks nice and feels soft and thin . But the very first day I noticed some kind of very fine burgundy color dust coming off the sheets . It gets stuck to sleepwear . White air return vents in my bedroom became almost red in color with this dust . The worst part is that the dust stays on the bed and is very hard to remove it even with a vaccum cleaner . I was careful to wash these sheets separately , I collected about two full cups of red dust from dryer vent .
 I got these sheets and was very pleased with them at first . After a couple of days I observed color sticking to everything around . The worst , it painted my matress in RED color !! I tried my best to remove the color but it wont go away . Now I found the best place for these sheets - in the attic .
 These are more like 200-250 thread count . Soft at first , but after a couple of washings , they feel rough , loose their shape , and wrinkle easily . I purchased several different colors in twin and king sizes and all have been a disappointment .
 These sheets are the worst in the dryer . I have washed my sheets 3 times and still get the colored lint off the sheets . My dryer is a mess and so is the floor . I do not recommend these sheets in this color or you will have the mess every time you wash them . All the other colors are fine , it is just the burgandy . Can anyone tell me why this happens ?? Linda Perry
 Arrived Late and damaged at XMAS time . Receipient did n't send it back.Took a loss on this one .
 I received this unit the first week of November 2006 . By Valentines day it was toast -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- . At first it worked fine . I used it to warm the end of our big living room near the front door where it is was almost always cold . I set the thermostat at about 3/4 maximum and left it to work . It was also completely quiet as advertised.Then , sometime in January , I noticed that the On/Off knob was turning brown near the edges -- as if discolored by excessive heat . I turned it off to investigate . Then turned it on again . Nothing . The unit was dead . After repeatedly turning it off and on I noticed sparking underneath the switch . After repeatedly spinning the switch between off/on it would finally come back on and would stay on for 2 or 3 days until it failed again.After about 10 days of this I unplugged it out of fear for my family 's safety . Now it waits in my garage until I can take a trip to the dump and dispose of it . WHAT A GIANT HASSLE FOR A 55 DOLLAR HEATER ! And do n't doubt for a second that Honeywell COUNTS on people not wanting to hassle with returns.Another example of an electronic device made as cheaply as possible with little or no regard for quality or safety.It will be a cold day in you-know-what before I purchase anything else from Honeywell . I better find me a QUALITY heater soon so that day never comes.-30-Addendum
 Heater appeared to be very good quality but the overall size did not permit it use in a small bathroom . None of the product specs . gave any dimentions which would have saved us from having to return the heater . We measured the heater for any other purchasers reference . It is 41 `` long X 5 '' deep X 7 '' tall . Hope this helps .
 The first week it was great . then it started making these loud clicking noises . and then about 2 months later it stopped working . by then it was too late to exchange . too much of a hassle to go through the company directly . probably would have spent 1/2 its value to get it working again .
 This heater worked for about 3 months , and now the switch wo n't turn it on anymore.From reading other reviews , it seems like this is a common problem , probably due to the heating of an internal switch . The heater is impossible to open to try to fix it , and I ca n't find anything about this product being recalled .3 months of operation is way to low for $ 55 ... Do n't buy this product .
 I bought two of these heaters and the on/off switches went on both of them , rendering them useless , within 6 months .
 The heater gave a modest amount of heat , surprisingly little given its bulk . I ordered it on 7 December , and it failed on 5 February . Deadline for returns was 31 January . I 'd suggest you look for a better product .
 I should have read some reviews before I ordered this a few months ago . It does very little to heat my living area even if left on for hours . I got a Honeywell Mini Tower at the same time and it 's a fabulous little guy . Puts the other to shame . Do n't buy the baseboard type if you want to be warm .
 Do n't be fooled by the product description : Two heat settingsGreat for heating large roomsHigh and low heat settingsPROS
 I agree , this heater ssssllloowwwly warms the room.I 'm still sitting here freezing my buns off !!
 After reading the reviews on this product I thought it would be a great space heater for my apt . I could n't have been more wrong . It barely gets hot - even on the highest setting - and gives off almost no heat !! Perhaps mine is defective or got broken during shipping , but it was a huge waste of money . I have had to go out an buy another space heater already.It is so frustrating . One word - do n't !!
 This item is made in China . Therefore , it has a lifetime expentancy of exactly one year , if it is used sparingly
 I bought this in January and it worked good for the two months we used it . I plugged it in this year and it worked three weeks then quit working.I thought that it was a little cumbersome when I got it , but the price was right and so was the consumer reports review . I swore by it all year long after the performance during the cold months . I just wish it would last longer than three months of use.It was n't like it was beat while in storage . I kept the original box and put it back in it when we werent using it . I got it back out this winter and it worked for three weeks , now it wont work.now is the time of year that they mark these things up , so do n't wast your money on buying a heater that does n't last .
 Not worth a lot of words.This heater just does not generate a lot of heat.The only time the room this heater is in gets warm is when spring comes.Expensive but useless .
 These work great and heat a one bedroom apartment quite well . We had ours near a wall with no worries . It was quiet and after the first couple hours it would keep the place very warm . Then after a year it would stop working . All three of them I 've seen used died after a year . The thermostat part would still work but the heater would n't engage . They 're sealed in a way conventional tools wo n't open so we could n't fix it . So if you do n't mind getting a new one every year I would highly recommend this one .
 Item arrived damaged however customer service was great ! The response to the problem was fast . They sent us a return mailing label at not shipping expense for us and they were willing to send us a replacement overnight but we told them not to because the unit just did not heat up to our needs and expectations .
 Heater is ok , but even with it on the highest setting i do n't notice a difference in the room temp . If I sit right next to it I can feel a little heat .
 Wish I had taken notice of dimensions before ordering as this heater takes up quite a bit of room . The heat it puts out is moderate , probably would be ok for a small room . If I had to do it again I would order the HZ-519 instead even though more expensive it has better reviews .
 I PURCHASED THE HZ515 LAST FEBRUARY & USED IT FOR 3 MONS AT MOST . THIS WINTER IT NO LONGER WORKED . THE SUPPLIER , POLSTEINS , REFUSED TO ASSIST ME TO SEEK REPAIR !!
 Not what I expected , Really thin towel ... Bought a hudge towel , really thick for the same price at costco ... . wont order again ...
 I 've bought dozens of Rosle items . The current batch of Made in China items are making me hesitant to buy any more Rosle items unless they 're made in Germany , like they used to be.I have this vegetable spoon . Just received it today . The front lip is rough if I use my fingernail to go along the edge , all around the spoon.The quality control and finishing of Rosle items made in China are MUCH lower than the brand and the price deserve.Beware if you buy Rosle in the USA . It 's probably ` Made in China ' and a second rate item .
 My house was built with 24 '' centers so I could n't use these shelves . The holse they provided on the shelf will only work on 18 '' centers.Let me know if anyone is interesed in some shelves .
 I bought this thing a month before christmas and did not use it till about 2 weeks ago to shred carrots . First time it went well but a week later when I tried again smoke started coming out from the motor and it burnt.Hamilton Beach appliances are poorly built.I had similar fate with two blenders in the past.I would rather buy some other brand.Also clean up after the only time it worked was a nightmare.There is no rating below one starwhich I could use .
 This thing looked good but there are problems . I did n't open it for over 3 weeks after receiving it . I wish I had because I would have returned it . The feed tube is very small so you have to cut things up that will fit . The blade fits into the top and not the bottom , you ca n't remove the plastic guard which makes it very difficult to clean . Since it ca n't be put in water , the top , you will have a really hard time getting food that is stuck in the grooves out . I wish I had gotten a regular food processor instead . I would n't recommend this item .
 This pan is much thinner than I expected . The glass cover has no top knob , so it is difficult to remove without getting a steam burn . Cover ca n't be used while using the no boil over lid , so much steam and heat is lost . This is just a poorly designed and poor quality pan .
 This was a fall back gift for my GF . It was n't very pretty in person . Great for any old lady on your gift list .
 This item did not reliably wake me up . The biggest issue is that the snooze button is a bit recessed , and the ` sleep ' button is right by it and is easier to press . The sleep button turns off the alarm entirely . The alarm switch is unreliable , and confusingly labeled . I noticed the alarm led flickering when I touched the switch . Steer away from Coby alarm clocks if you need to wake up .
 I 've owned three Bunn coffemakers . Two each of the original B10 series and one of the BTX thermal designs.After approx . three years of use , each unit developed a leak from the top water reservoir . These leaks ranged from a few drops to flooding the countertop , but alway from the top reservoir.When they work , they 're great , but I 've had it with this design issue . I 'm going to buy a true commercial coffee maker , which for all the money I 've spent on these three , I could have bought to begin with .
 I just packed this machine back it 's box to be returned.Save the extra money and buy the regular Bunn.It brews nice , fast , hot coffee but within 15-20 minutes thecoffee is starting to get pretty cold !!! Forget about drinking itafter an hour unless you microwave it to reheat it.I even tried to preheat the carafe as suggested and that still did n't help.I thought this would be a great machine to have since I have small children -LRB- nothing they could get burnt on -RRB- but with having said that , I really need a nice hot cup of coffee !!!
 machine is supposed to keep the water in the well at 200 degrees so that you will always have hot coffee and the thermal carafe is supposed to keep it hot . you have to run hot water into the carafe to heat it up , then you have to put cold water in the well . well the coffee was n't hot and the carafe did n't keep the heat very well . the result was warm coffee .
 I 've had this coffeemaker for a couple of months now . I 'm experiencing the same issue with the carafe spilling as the other reviewers have . For a $ 150 coffee pot , I 'm very disappointed in the poor quality of the carafe . I 'm glad I did some research before I ordered another carafe , considering another reviewer did the same and got a new carafe with the same problems . The quality of the coffee is fantastic , but it 's really annoying to have to poor a cup of coffee out over the sink because the pot drips all over the place .
 We bought this coffee pot because we wanted the best , which is what you 'd expect from a $ 150 coffee pot with the Bunn name . We like the speed in which it brews and it does make a great cup of coffee . However , this coffee pot has some serious design flaws :1 . The thermal carafe dribbles a large amount of coffee down the side each time you pour a cup of coffee , making a huge mess . We contacted Bunn and requested another carafe . It was on backorder ... it took 2 months to get another carafe . When it finally arrived , the new carafe had the exact same problem . I can not even begin to describe how frustrating it is to be unable to pour a cup of coffee without spilling coffee all over the place . We 've tried everything , and are unable to pour a cup of coffee out of the carafe without making a huge mess .2 . When you pour water from the carafe into the water dispenser , the carafe leaks water ALL over the countertop.I 'm writing this review only to save someone else the daily frustration that I go through every single morning . I would have been much happier with a $ 20 pot that does n't frustrate me with a huge mess every day . If I had kept the box , I would return it to the store .
 This is my second one of these . The first one lasted for years which is amazing since I used to wear a couple out in a year . My only complaint with that one was that the thermal carafe seal wore out kind of fast -- in a year or so . I just started transferring coffee to another carafe after brewing rather than get the expensive replacement.The new brewer , though , overflows at times ! A few pots will be fine ; then , the next pot overflows . The water builds in the section for grounds resulting in an mess of water and ground coffee . I 'm only using four scoops of coffee which I do n't think is excessive . Nothing seems to fix the overflow problem.It is also really difficult to know how much water to put in . There are no markings whatsoever on the carafe . It is also hard to see inside the carafe to ascertain how high the water is in the pot.In addition , the rubber piece on the carafe for entry of brewed coffee is amazingly thin and flimsy . It is so thin , in fact , that I am afraid it will tear when washing it off . The last carafe had a flimsy little flap in this section that wore and broke off . This new piece is of a much thinner material . I suspect it will need replacing often.I 'm disappointed . I 've been spoiled . I like getting coffee brewed in three minutes . Unfortunately , this brewer 's got to go .
 Carafe leaks cant make a full pot and it leaks all the way around top when you poor a cup . This sucks Cant find a carafe to fit it and its a huge hassel sending it back so Im just screwed .
 Bunn nomally makes a good product . Well not this one ! The Carafe leaks . I sent the first one back to Bunn and they replace it . Well , now the replacement Carafe is leaking . Get a Bunn but DO NOT buy this model !
 The good part is the coffee maker produces 10 tasty cups in 3 minutes as advertised and the thermal pot is nice . However , there are two very poorly engineered `` features '' of this machine . First , there are no markings on the machine or pot to tell the user how many cups -LRB- 5 oz each -RRB- of water the user is adding . I took an old plastic container and marked it off with a sharpie for 4 , 6 , 8 and 10 cups . -LRB- Of course , 10 cups is a full pot so that one 's easy . -RRB- Second , if you do n't position the filter holder just right - and it seems like it 's been pushed in tight - you get hot water and grounds all over the machine and your counter . Being an engineer , sloppy engineering really irritates me , but I think these `` features '' will annoy and disappoint most users . It 's not worth $ 100 + that 's for sure
 Coffee was never not enough.It takes a little over TWICE as much coffee as normal to get a decent cup .
 We had the other Bunn with the glass carafe . We loved it . We decided to get this one with the thermal carafe.We are not happy with it . It does not get the coffee hot enough or keep it hot . I would not get it again .
 Had an older Bunn for several and overall was satisfied with it . I started leaking and my wife wanted to get another Bunn unit . We settled on the BTX-B and ordered it from Amazon . When unit arrived we unpacked it and while taking it out of the plastic bag a small piece of plastic fell on the floor . After searching around the unit we found where the piece was broken out of the base . None of the packaging had any signs of damage so this was clearly done at the factory during manufacturing or packaging.We returned the unit with no hassle what so ever to Amazon and received a new one.This new one stinks to the point it makes me wonder if the fumes are safe to be around . I called Bunn and was told that smell was not uncommon and would dissipate with-in a couple of weeks . It was caused by either new plastic used since 2006 or glue from foil tape used during assembly . After reading all these posts I &#8217; m convinced they have a serious quality control issue . I will wait another week to see if in fact the smell does dissipate . I find it very hard to believe that Bunn expects its customers to tolerate this type of smell from a new appliance for weeks.And as such I would rate them as a do not buy .
 We bought this brand new bunn , makes great coffee but the plastic of the container stinks the whole kitchen . We 've had it for 3 or 4 weeks and the smell of the plastic has not decreased . Ick .
 We have had Bunn coffee makers for the last 20 years . We bought this because of the stainless steel carafe rather than glass thinking it would be more durable . The carafe has no markings for the amount of cups you are making . That is workable but it also has no warming plate to keep the coffee warm after brewing and the thermos does not keep the coffee hot . If we had been aware of this we would have chosen a different model . Not happy with our purchase .
 My wife and I purchased this item about 6 years ago . About six months ago it started leaking severely every time we made coffee with it . Finally I took the thing apart . There is a plastic tray that connects to the top of the water tank . The heat from the tank over a period of years has caused part of the plastic tray to break down and disintegrate . Checking the internet I discovered that there are hundreds , perhaps thousands , of Bunn customers with the same problem . See -LSB- ... -RSB- or Google on `` Bunn coffee maker leak '' . After 3 to 6 years you can expect this machine to leak . At that point it will be basically unusable and Bunn apparently does n't sell replacement parts . When you pay this much for a coffee maker you expect it incorporate a better design and last much longer . It appears that Bunn has known about this problem for a long time and has chosen to do nothing about it . My advice is to spend your money on something else .
 I have been using Bunn coffee makers literally my entire life . This is the brand of maker my dad used growing up at home and once you get used to a 2-3 minute pot of coffee it is pretty hard to wait for a standard maker . With everything going green a while back I plugged my older Bunn coffee maker into an electric meter and was shocked how much electricty it used . I guess it only made sense . For it to brew coffee in a few minutes it basically had to have the water steaming hot 24/7 . This on top of the warmer plate caused the electric meter to spin faster than a top . When my last maker started dying I wanted to try the thermal carafe model to save on electricity . While I am not a tree hugger by any means I do feel like it is my responsabilty to use energy saving devices when it makes sense to . I bought this ThermoFresh model but have been pretty disappointed with it.As for the thermal carafe I highly recommend them . I very much miss the fact you can see how much coffee is left in the glass pot , and on occasion I will forget to empty yesterdays brew and the thermal pot will understandably spill the second fill all over the counter . However , it keeps the coffee hot for a long time and never gets bitter from sitting on the burner for too long . In my case the thermal carafe strong points outweight the disadvantages and I will probably never own a glass pot coffee maker again.My issue with this maker is simply that the coffee itself does not taste very good coming out of it . I am not sure if it is from lime build up that ca n't be cleaned well enough or possibly the brew temp . I recently bought a coffee maker for my office . It does not get used much out there and I did not want to spend the electricity to heat the water 24/7 for a pot of coffee every other month . I bought a different brand of thermal carafe coffee maker . I could not beleive how much better the coffee tasted coming from that one instead of this one . Same water company , same coffee brand , but the coffee tasted 10 times better than coffee from this Bunn maker . In fact so much better that for the first time in 40 years there will no longer be a Bunn coffee maker sitting in my kitchen . I am going to replace it with the same brand I purchased for the office .
 I bought this coffee maker after our Krups Aroma Control stopped working after 7 years of daily use . I heard so many good things about Bunn , so I decided to give it a try . First of all , it ca n't be energy efficient . As other reviewers have noted , the holding tank keeps water stored at 200 degrees F at all times . WHAT A WASTE OF ELECTRICITY . So anyway , we set up the machine as the instructions indicated the night before . The next morning , I ground up the coffee and put in a fresh pot of water , closed the lid , and walked away when I heard the coffee dripping into the carafe . About 10 minutes later , my husband walked into the kitchen and found coffee and grounds all over the counter . I looked at the troubleshooting section of manual , and this is what it says if your coffee is overflowing from the funnel
 This coffee maker while fast , brews terrible coffee . I 've tried every combination
 finally , a good cup of coffee ... just NOT with the bunn btx ! but rather with my old braun KFK10 . the bunn is totally over-rated . just tried the Zojirushi EC-BD15 and it 's not great either . i guess it 's back to the braun again ...
 I have always liked Bunn brand coffeemakers . The last Bunn coffeemaker I owned lasted almost 12 years and still worked , but the hotplate died and the coffee cooled off quickly . When I discovered the thermal carafe model , I decided this was the way to go . Even after several hours the coffee is still warm and fresh since there is no hotplate . If you are a serious coffee lover , this is the coffee maker for you !
 Step out of Bunn for great coffee . There are many out there . We were shopping for a Bunn & the employee told us , `` yes they are good but there 's better out there for the price . '' She gave us a few names & we found our favorite . My husband & i LOVE our Capresso coffee maker which we purchased online . We have had it 4yrs without 1 problem & you get rid of paper filters which we always seemed to run out of or they always let grinds into the pot . Unless you are in a office or need 4 pots a day it 's very over priced . Look at the problems people have had . Leaks , grinds in your pot , ect . My father asked for a new Bunn for xmas then asked me about my Capresso . He assumed it cost alot more than it did . Not only great coffee but attractive as well . It 's fast , dishwasher safe & the carafe is great . For guest it 's great to have a second carafe on hand . Bunn is a good maker but not great . With the cons i 've read & seen i would n't spend $ 150 on it .
 AFTER ONLY HAVING THIS COFFEEMAKER FOR LESS THAN A MONTH , THE COFFEE WAS COMING OUT COLD AND SOMETIMES WOULD TURN ON EVEN THOUGH THE LID WAS OPEN . WE BOUGHT A BUNN COFFEEMAKER AS WE HAVE GONE THROUGH 3 COFFEEMAKERS IN 3 YRS -LRB- INCLUDING A STARBUCKS . BECAUSE WE ALWAYS THOUGHT , AND WERE OFTEN TOLD , THAT BUNN WAS THE BEST . IT COST US $ 15.00 TO SEND IT BACK TO THE MANUFACTURER AND , MEANWHILE , HAVE TO GO WITHOUT COFFEE UNTIL WE GET ANOTHER ONE BACK . I FOUND IT INTERESTING THAT THE LADY AT U.P.S. SAID THEY GET ALOT OF BUNN COFFEEMAKERS RETURNED AND SENT BACK . SO , THE DEAL WE THOUGHT WE GOT ON AMAZON FOR THIS WAS N'T SUCH A GOOD DEAL .
 This unit keeps a full caraf and a half of water in its tank at all times . This tank has a heating element which keeps this water at 200 degrees at all times , 24-7 , regardless if you want a cup of coffee or not . This tank is n't insulated.It does have a vacation mode switch but I know it probably would never be used by anyone in my house other than me so the water would always be heated.It may be fine for an office situation but not for a private home , regardless of total monthly cost for the phantom electricity it wastes.The wasteful use of electricity kills the machine by todays standards .
 I LOVE A GOOD CUP OF COFFEE BUT THIS ITEM DID ` NT GIVE ME THAT . I SENT IT BACK AFTER TRYING SEVERAL TIMES TO MAKE A GOOD CUP OF COFFEE . DO NOT RECOMEND THIS ITEM .
 After a week of using this coffee maker , I just dumped it into the trash.It 's got problems , Like the valve that releases the hot water when you close the fill lid is weak . It lets the water leak through when your filling the pot . next , the spray head sprays water so fast and hard the coffe holder fills up to fast and over flows . next , even after filling the pot to 10 cups , only 81/2 cups come through . and this happens time after time . i ca n't figure where that 11/2 cups goes ? next , THE COFFEE IS COLD > only about 120 Degrees by the time it hits the pot . The hot plate the pot rests on get very hot , and bakes the coffee if its not removed fast enough . And the pot alinement on the hot plate it poor . I needed to use a flash lite to make sure its alingned to the hole on the pot lid.Worst of all , its always on . I could even live with that if this coffe maker had any redeaming features , but its JUNK.THE WORST COFFEE POT I 'VE EVER SEEN . It now belongs to the county dump . -LRB- right where it should be -RRB-
 I am surprised by all of the exceptional reviews this product has received . I have owned this coffee maker for around 8 months . It makes a mediocre cup of hot coffee and keeps it warm for a while without burning the coffee but the negatives outweigh the positives in my opinion.Negatives :1 . The shower head is too strong . Usually the indentions made into the coffee leave a dent that go nearly to the filter . This leads to incomplete saturation of the coffee grounds .2 . The carafe indeed has a design flaw that causes it to be susceptable to frequent spills after a few months . While it may be true that with regular cleaning using some sort of detergent can reduce this problem , it 's not a problem with which you have to deal with most carafes.Positives :1 . Hot coffee . The brew temperature seems to be about right .2 . Fast3 . Keeps coffee warmFor a few dollars more you can get a Capresso MT-500 which produces a much much better cup of coffee and wont spill all over the place . If you do n't mind your coffee maker being the size of a small bus and kind of like it leaking on the counter , you can get the capresso st 600 for about half the price . It leaks as well but produces a truly great cup of joe .
 Please be advised IF you purchase this coffee maker that it MUST be left turned on 24 hours a day . The water in the reservoir will always be kept hot - thus the reason for the quick three minute brew . There is a `` vacation '' switch to deactivate the machine while you are away ... and this should have been a warning to me . I only want to brew one pot of coffee per day . To leave the water hot continuously seems a great waste of electricity . Sorry to say , I returned the item .
 I like the coffee maker but it is not designed to last . I have had three of the BT-10 , they last about 14 to 16 months and then the tank heater fails . Bunn replaces it but the hassle is not worth it any longer . The problem is the heating unit , made in China , is on all the time and burns out with predictable regularity . It needs to have an auto shut off of the heating tank or an American made heating unit that will last . Another company should learn its lesson about China .
 We purchased our Bunn about four years ago . It makes good coffee ; however , a $ 5 stove-top coffee maker from the thrift shop can do that!The carafe leaks . No matter how we hold it , it leaks a puddle of coffee every time we pour . We called Bunn and they told us that the seal was `` dirty '' with coffee oil residue . I cleaned it well per instructions and it * still * leaked . I sent it back to Bunn and they sent me another ; that one leaked worse . I received yet another one -LRB- it might have been the original -RRB- and it leaked also -LRB- or , still -RRB- . You can get a $ 15 unit from K-Mart that makes a good cup of coffee if you do n't mind leaks ... all in all , the cheaper one is by far the better deal , IMO .
 At first this was the Coffee Maker to beat all Coffee makers in my opinion . A tad pricey but I was willing to pay the money for decent coffee . Now after using this unit for several months I feel I can give an honest review with experience of usage . Firstly the interior of the unit is now badly stained , even after washing it with very mild soapy warm water after every use . I am not the type to use a `` dirty '' coffee pot . Well I am willing to live with the `` Stained '' interior as now I sanitize it with boiling hot water to ensure germs are killed ... think about it folks if it 's stained some germs are living in that build up to cause that stain . Anyway , just prior to sanitizing my unit the rim started to leak every time you 'd go to pour a cup . Most Annouying ... the lid is on properly and setted correctly it 's leaking from under the rim at the lower exterior side of the rim nowhere near where the lid meets the rim and there is nothing apparently wrong with the seal other than it looks to be not wide enough on the inside . For the money that was paid for this unit it truly is a sad loss . I believe if Bunn fixes these two issue with this unit it would make it the Perfect Coffee maker but with a leaking rim and badly stained stainless steel I 'm afraid I could not rate this more than a 1 . Germs and leakage are my worst pet peves .
 This would be a perfect coffee maker if the pot did n't leak - NO gush - NO HEMORRAGE coffee each and EVERY time you try to pour a cup . The speed of a Bunn has never been questioned , the quality of what is in the cup is great and the idea to eliminate the `` warmer/burner/fire-starter '' was genius . However ! The design of the pot itself is about as bad as `` New Coke '' , BetaMax and Lawn Darts rolled together .
 The minimum amount this will brew is 20 ounces - per the Bunn 's own instructions . What if I want `` just '' 10 ounces or 12 ounces or 16 ounces?And have fun finding 20 ounce tumblers ; mine were all 16 ounces so I had to locate and buy new 20 ounce tumblers just to `` enjoy '' the minimum amount this thing will brew.There is no `` pause and serve '' feature , which most coffee makers costing one-fourth as much have.The brewed coffee quantity was n't consistent - despite the fact that I always poured the same 20 ounces of water into the machine . Sometimes I 'd get 18 ounces of coffee and other times I 'd get 22 ounces . -LRB- The machine uses a hot water reservoir volume of water in addition to what 's poured into it for the brew cycle fill . -RRB- I had to use a measuring cup to fill it , since there 's no filling window or any type of measuring device in this expensive unit.The biggest joke is Bunn 's recommendation that you fill the stainless steel carafe with HOT WATER and then dump it out in order to `` pre-heat '' it before setting it back into the unit and brewing the coffee . LOL . Are they SERIOUS ? The coffee was n't all that hot unless I did this . And frankly , I DO N'T WANT TO BE BOTHERED WITH DOING THIS AT 6:00 AM!And oh , by the way , there 's no timer , no clock and the unit keeps the water in the reservoir at 200 degrees F ALL THE TIME . I bet that 's wonderful for the electric bill ! Perhaps it would be worth it if the coffee were REALLY hot , but it simply is n't . Another `` oh by the way . '' The brew `` switch '' is integrated into the reservoir filling lid , which means the lid has to remain OPEN -LRB- and interfere with cabinets in many cases -RRB- after it 's filled and prior to brewing -LRB- e.g. overnight -RRB- . It 's anyone 's guess as to what might crawl in there during the overnight hours.I lived with mine for 6 weeks before finally reaching the point of complete disgust . Thankfully , I was able to return it and get a full refund . I bought a $ 42 Hamilton Beach model that 's LOADED with features and brews coffee that 's every bit as good as the Bunn.Do NOT buy one of these . I recently discovered that Bunn has discontinued this model and now I know why.Many of my comments apply to ALL Bunn models , though - a fact which will prevent me from ever buying another one .
 We purchased this coffee maker in July 2007 , here it is Jan 30 2011 and it 's completely dead . I 've had $ 30 coffee makers last longer than this . I expect at this price level and a name like BUNN , we would have gotten many more years out of it.I 'll add this to the long line of products I 'll never buy again that use a good name and then tarnish it with cheap junk .
 The Bunn does not have the quality control in their products anymore.I guess they have to make things cheaper so some people will buy.The carafe does not keep coffee as warm as it should and the water in the well does not get hot enough to really brew the coffee . I am disappointed in this product . This is my fourth and last Bunn
 Purchase a Bonavita or Techinvorm rather than this unit . The temperature coming out of the brew head is at best 187 degrees . The mildly pressurized brewing system is supposed to increase turbidity and produce better extraction from the grounds but it kicks the grounds out of the basket and into the coffee pot . You can only use 8 tablespoons of coffee per pot . If you have a lot of coffee drinkers prepare to spend your morning making several small pots.I emailed Bunn customer service and they originally said that the water coming out of the brew head should be between 190 and 205 and they asked me to check the temp again . I was checking the temp from the brew head already and the highest reading I have had is 187 . I emailed them again and they changed their story . They said only the water in the boiler needs to be between 190 and 205 , the water coming out of the brew head should be cooler than 190 because the air has already begun cooling it.Bad Product/Customer Service .
 I spent a lot of time trying to find the `` best '' coffee maker . I finally settled on a BUNN and liked the features of the BTX-B . Unfortunately , my wife and I like our coffee strong and this coffee maker can not make a good strong cup of coffee . While the 3 minute brew cycle is neat , a timer can take care of that . And the 3 minute brew ensures that the coffee does not come out strong.The thermo carafe is awesome ! and it 's handy to have instant hot water in the kitchen for cooking/tea and other uses . But since I bought this unit for a coffee maker I expect good coffee.It 's tricky to get water into the top , to get even a remotely strong cup of coffee you need a LOT of coffee -LRB- so it 's expensive -RRB- and inevitably when you make a full pot the grinds overflow the oversized basket sides so some grinds end up in your coffee.Good idea - good machine - bad coffee . Sorry Bunn !
 Brews really fast but its to hot to drink . I have to put an ice cube in the first cup to be able to drink it . Decanter dribbles no matter how slow you pour . It does n't seem to be able to make a real flavorful cup of coffee . I would have expected much more for this kind of money .
 This coffee maker was designed by high school freshman after smoking pot .1 -RRB- Coffee grounds splash up on the roof of the base and collect there for a delightful , thick residue .2 -RRB- The grounds residue sprinkles down into your clean grounds holder , or even the pitcher beneath if the lid is not in place . Ugh .3 -RRB- The water is not heated sufficiently before being drawn through .4 -RRB- The lid on the pitcher is laughable -- it dribbles , no matter what setting you use .5 -RRB- The base does not warm the coffee -- the coffee is supposed to remain hot in the insulated cannister . Right . It no worky.Test it yourself . Fill the pitcher and try to pour something . Dribble , dribble , puddle , slip , fall . Workers comp . Fired.This coffeemaker is designed for the show `` Punked '' by Ashton Kutcher . Soon you 'll be mopping up the floor . I believe Bunn should accompany each new coffee-maker with a lifetime supply of paper towels , because , girl , you 're gon na need 'em .
 I wish I had read the reviews before buying this for my husband 's birthday . He hated it and sent it back on day 3 . He likes hot coffee and would rather have the burner keeping it hot than have to deal with his coffee being lukewarm in an hour and a half . I 'm sure he did n't prewarm the carafe but he wanted easy 3 minute coffee with no hassles and this is n't it . We returned it and will be trying the one with a burner . this is also just awkward to use . The lid does n't open with ease so if you have arthritis forget about it .
 Complicated coffee maker , requires keeping plug into wall socket forever or re-pluging it and waiting till the water in the tank heats up . Coffee when done tastes fine but why spend so much money or a machine that is mostly used in restaurants who keep it plugged in all the time to get coffee done in 5 minutes rather than 1/2 hour if kept unplugged . Very expensive .
 I was very excited to receive the BUNN BT Velocity Brew 10-Cup Thermal Carafe Home Coffee Brewer it was a big disappointment and did not make near as good of coffee as my much less expensive maker
 I received my coffee maker in Afghanistan broken where it would not hold water . Both the external box and box inside did not show any signs of damage . Now I have to find a way to send it back in order to get a replacement.I rate the company low because if you pack a broken item you are screwing the customer .
 I read many good reviews for this coffee maker , but one thing that kept coming up is that it made weak coffee , we bought the BTX-B and we too found it made weak coffee . It is fast , but maybe it 's too fast , the coffee does n't really have time to brew , we experimented with the strength and found it takes almost two times the coffee we used in our old coffee maker -LRB- a cheap Mr. Coffee -RRB- . I think if this is used in an office or a household that drinks coffee all day , this may be the machine for you . But for the morning coffee drinker , the heater is on 24/7 and uses a lot of power and it uses twice as much coffee , an expensive appliance to own .
 I always purchase Bunn coffee makers . However , I am extremely disappointed with this Thermofresh model . There are 2 primary problems with this model ... problems that eliminate any advantage for buying it .1 -RRB- The coffee temperature at brew time is not as high as it should be , therefore creating `` warm '' coffee that is supposed to stay hot in the thermofresh carafe . Rather pitiful .2 -RRB- The carafe leaks unbelievably . No joke , if you do n't pour over the sink you will be spending time cleaning up . I promise . ... and I hate seeing coffee poured into the sink.Please think twice before you waste your money on this high-priced junk.If you want a Bunn , and I usually recommend them , buy a different model .
 I owned 2 of these coffee makers . I bought the second to replace the first which started to leak from the bottom . I expected more life from a Bunn , and did n't want to believe it was just another piece of foreign made junk . Coffee maker number two was unfortunately a dissapointment . Yes , the lid still leaked , but I learned from experience with the first maker to pour really slowly . Others have complained about grounds and the spray-head . Well again , through experience I learned to use only coarse-ground coffee to avoid the spill over . To be honest I think the only reason I bought a replacement BTX-B maker is the super-fast brew time . And indeed it brewed quickly , but alas my second maker decided to stop working after 1.5 ys . The water heating element just stopped working . Although the carafe and basket were always handwashed the carafe lid still leaked . I always used bottled water in the reservoir , so condition of water was not an issue . And still the maker broke down . I can only attribute the defects of this maker to cheap foreign craftsmanship . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 1 . The thermal carafe dribbles a large amount of coffee down the side each time you pour a cup of coffee , making a huge mess . I can not even begin to describe how frustrating it is to be unable to pour a cup of coffee without spilling coffee all over the place . We 've tried everything , and are unable to pour a cup of coffee out of the carafe without making a huge mess .2 . When you pour water from the carafe into the water dispenser , the carafe leaks water ALL over the countertop.I 'm writing this review only to save someone else the daily frustration that I go through every single morning . I would have been much happier with a $ 20 pot that does n't frustrate me with a huge mess every day . If I had kept the box , I would return it to the store.D . Yates -- I 'm sorry I did n't read your review before I purchased mine . What a complete waste of money . I 've read where Bunn has advised some folks to carefully clean the rubber seal using Dawn dishwashing detergent , and I 've tried -- oh yes , I 've tried . Rubbish .
 I had this machine for over 2 years and was very happy with it . We moved and followed all the instructions for moving it . To make a very long story short we had a non-working machine when we plugged it in . Bunn was very helpful in getting us a replacement of the newer version of our coffee maker . This is where the nightmare started . We fired up the new pot only to find that coffee is leaking all over the counter . So as we are soaking up the mess my wife is on the line with Bunn , who states that since we use home ground coffee that we need to install a special restriction valve . Ok , so we wait 2 weeks for this little piece of plastic to come in the mail . And boy oh boy does it work like a charm at restricting , now it only takes 30 minutes to make a pot of coffee , what a relief . On top of that yes we too now have the leaking problem when pouring coffee . I used to tell everyone I knew about how much I loved this company and their machines , but now I have nothing but bad to say , which is sad because their old stuff was so much better . Never again will a Bunn be used at this household .
 My coffee maker is a year old now and leaking water every time I use it . My countertop is flooded with clear water every time I brew coffee ! It does n't leak coffee ... just water ! I wo n't buy another one !
 I owned the regular carafe version of this for about 3 years before the infamous brittle plastic leak of the water intake occured . Water everywhere . For a $ 100 purchase , when others were around $ 30 , this was unacceptable.But after a few years of slow coffeemakers , I decided to try a Bunn again . I bought the BTX to avoid that burned coffee taste that the prior one had given after the coffee sat for an hour or so.I 've had this one for about 2 years . Yes , I had the dribbles when pouring and learned to pour quickly to avoid it . That process was never very successful and I ended up with a drip towel by the coffeemaker at all times.Now , total failure . After the `` vacation switch '' was off for two weeks while I was gone , the machine heated for about 10 minutes and then died . Yes the water was full and all I did was turn the switch back on . This , along with the other defects seem to be common , all in an overly expensive appliance.I love the speed and the coffee is good , but at about $ 70/year I can do so much better . I may go back to Cuisinart or over try one of the cheap under $ 30 machines . Maybe the Melita for about $ 70 . But I just can not bring myself to buy another one of these , ever.I suggest that you look elsewhere unless you are prepared to replace these about every other year . Yes , there is a warranty , but what a hassle .
 2nd one I 've had . Nothing but pure RO water going through it once a day . . Has never needed to be cleaned and the coffee tastes great . . Makes coffee stupid quick ; perfect for impatient people like myself . The carafe keeps it hot and fresh forever without burning it like a glass pot and burner system , , but , , BOOM !! 18mo later the heating element takes a dump . Similar incident with the one before . If you want a coffee maker that lasts - go somewhere else . . If you do n't care about the lifespan and just want fast coffee , AND you want the remaining coffee to stay hot for hours and taste fresh - without getting burned , then this is your unit.Think I am going to buy another one somewhere where I can cash in on an extended warranty . . ****** UPDATE 4/24/2012 ***** Wrote to BUNN after leaving this review , explaining the issue . . Do n't know what the warranty is , but they are sending me a new one -LRB- just the maker - not the carafe , etc , , -RRB- . . fair is fair . . No fighting , fuss or even a phone call . . Just left the details on their website -LRB- purchase date , model , S/N , etc , , -RRB- . .
 I purchased the Bunn BT Velocity Brew 10-Cup Thermal Brewer from Amazon . I was familiar with the Bunn name and expected high quality , well thought out design and great coffee . Unfortunately , lots more cons than pros.PROS
 I bought this Bunn coffee maker just over two years ago . Everyone thought I was crazy for spending $ 120 + on a coffee maker . But I figured , rather than buy some department store cheapo model , I 'd go top of the line and be set for decades . I defended it to friends as they noted the coffee was n't hot enough . `` Well , you do n't want it burnt '' I said . And they moaned as the carafe dripped all over the counter and floor as I said `` you did n't pour it right ! '' And I moaned whenever it occasionally dumped most of the water all over my counter during brewing . All I could tell myself then was `` well , at least nobody was looking ... stupid thing ! '' But now , just 25 months later , the heating element is dead , and that 's the end of that . My brothers bottom of the line Mr. Coffee is over 20 years old and still works like a charm . ` Nuf said ...
 I 've had this coffeemaker between 2 and 3 years . The carafe started leaking when pouring after a short time , but I see that cleaning with a strong detergent would possibly have solved that problem . The coffeemaker is now discarded . Water started leaking out of the coffeemaker under the bottom and got worse until it was unusable . This is not acceptable for a unit that is no older than that and costs this much ! A friend had a Bunn with glass carafe and said that hers developed a leak also .
 I wish I had never ordered this coffeemaker . I love my old Bunn coffee makers and wo n't order any other brand ... but it will NEVER be the thermo kind again . The coffee gets cold fast , and as there is no plate heater it 's not for us . If you do n't drink the whole pot in the first 10 minutes you have to heat your coffee in the microwave . The carafe leaks . ALSO , you ca n't tell if there is coffee in the pot or not ... I really miss my old-style Bunn !
 I 've been loyal to Bunn - my first lasted 6 years , the second 2 years , the latest did not even make it to 6 months . I noticed water collecting around the warming plate and thought I splashed when filling the reservoir . While I was looking closely hot water squirted out from underneath the top plastic filling part , but its not the sprayer . Glad I bought it with AMEX .
 Bought this hoping for truly hot , strong coffee . Returned it after one day . Yes the coffee was hot but my-oh-my was it watery , weak and bland . Like getting coffee from a diner.Could be that I am spoiled by Starbucks and the craze it spawned for really strong coffee but this Bunn machine was a real disappointment for me and my family.We 're still on the hunt for a coffee maker that does both strong and hot coffee so if anyone has suggestions , let me know.And if you too craze coffee you can put a fork in , stay away from this machine .
 It 's so stupid that there is no water reservoir indicator , so you have NO IDEA how much water is in there . Do you know what you have to do ? You have to put a pitcher of water in , close the top , wait for 3 min . until that water goes in the reservoir , put in another pitcher of water , close the lid and wait for this water to go to the reservoir . You are to put an empty pitcher in the position so that any excess water from the reservoir is to drip into the pitcher . You must do this BEFORE you plug in/turn on the machine . Once THIS is done , you turn it on and you wait for the water to heat up . The manual said it takes 15 min . and it will start brewing . Well , mine does n't start brewing after waiting for it to start for over 45 min . now . It is going back !!!
 This coffee maker produces a good cup of coffee quickly . It does this by keeping hot water in the tank . You add cold water , it releases the hot water through the grounds and then starts heating what you just added.Instead of a glass carafe , you get a thermos-type one that can be a little difficult to open . It keeps the coffee hot , but Bunn recommends that you run hot water through it before using it , to get it warmed up . There is no way to keep coffee warm with this maker.You also have to keep this plugged in at all times . You ca n't put it in a cabinet and bring it down when you want to make coffee , you have to keep water in it at all times and keep it plugged in and turned on.It 's a good thing that it brews fast , because you ca n't grab a cup of coffee until it 's all done , and if you do n't have the carafe on the base right it will spill anywhere -LRB- granted , you need to be careless for that to happen -RRB- . Most coffee makers I 've had have come with a spring-loaded valve in the basket to prevent coffee from spilling if the carafe is removed to pour a cup or if it 's not positioned correctly . This one does n't . Still , with all that it 's a good coffee maker . Until it starts leaking ! After a few months we 've found that pouring water in the top means big puddles all over the counter . Water comes out the back , out the right side , out the left . I initially had grounds spilling through but that was because I was n't using Bunn 's filters . So basically , you 're also forced to buy Bunn 's own filters , which are n't stocked by our local grocery store , and had to be ordered.I 've talked to Bunn on the phone , and they will happily replace my maker with another if I ship it back to them , and I have to pay postage . So right away add $ 15 to the cost of this unit , and be prepared to go without coffee for a week . All after three months?I wish I had purchased another brand . I like the coffee this makes , but I liked the coffee my previous coffee makers made as well , and this is the first one I 've had that was this much of a hassle to own . It 's decidedly not worth the money .
 It makes the coffee so fast that it is missing some flavors and `` body '' . The same coffee tastes better in a $ 20 machine . It is noisy and is VERY energy inefficient -LRB- it keeps the water at 200 degrees 24/7 -RRB- . I returned mine . In making coffee , speed is not the most important factor .
 Does anyone ever actually TEST their products anymore ? The stainless steel insulated carafes for the Bunn coffee makers are a JOKE ! Be sure to grap a handful of napkins or paper towels to mop up the spilled coffee.How can a company that has been making coffee makers this long put out a product this bad ? Unbelievable !
 We were tired of constantly replacing cheap coffee makers and decided to invest in this Bunn brewer . This morning the brewer heating unit failed , resulting in a perfectly cold cup of coffee . Bleah . We tried all the troubleshooting options from the manual to no avail . The brewer lasted just short of two years . We do have the option , at our expense , to ship to Bunn for a 4-6 week warranty fix/replace . We will be buying a different brand today .
 This coffee maker performed very well for slightly over two years , until one morning when it suddenly and inexplicably failed without any warning . I suspect the heating element died since the maker no longer produces hot water . I suppose I will get to find out how good Bunn is when it comes to honoring a warranty claim .
 I 've owned a Bunn ThermoFresh Brewer for over a year . Do n't bother purchasing this item . The carafe has a design flaw that causes coffee to spill onto the counter every time it is used . Bunn customer service says that it 's a possible build up of oils from the ground coffee that is causing the leaky carafe . Their fix is a cleaning with warm water and soap . I 've cleaned it numerous times but that is not the problem . The problem is pour design of the pouring spout . I thought Bunn was a quality item . Boy was I wrong . I will never purchase a Bunn product again . There are other issues with this item but not enough space here to elaborate . Do yourself a favor pass on Bunn .
 First , let me say this coffee maker does make great coffee . Having said that , my experience with the coffee maker has n't beeen good . After using the coffee maker for a month or so , the carafe started leaking and would not pour correctly-I had to hold it over the kitchen sink when pouring to keep from getting burned!I had read several reviews of this product saying they did n't pour right-leaked-had lids hard to put on and close , and I thought the people probably just did n't use the product correctly-WRONG ! Mine did all of these things , no matter how I tightened the lid or poured it.It also developed a leak at the back of the top resevoir , which had to be blotted constantly . I also must say when I requested a replacement from Bunn , I had no hassles , a quick replacement . Unfortunately , the next two coffee pots they sent me both had problems too . The first has something wrong with the flow mechanism-the coffee grounds would splash out of the top of the filter - -LRB- using the same coffee and water as before -RRB- , the second replacement arrived with a broken water resevoir cover hatch . In the end , I ended up with an extra coffee maker , which I called Bunn customer service and let them know this . They told me they would send me a prepaid address label to return the unit with , since I had already paid ten dollars to return one unit . I guess they do n't want their coffee maker back , because I never recieved a label . I even called them back to remind them about this after several weeks had went by without recieving the label . I always thought Bunn was a top of the line company , but after my experience with them , I know longer think so . Very dissapointed .
 These tongs are very hard to grasp and difficult to use . They look good ! The quality is good , but it 's a struggle .
 They did not ship the jars I ordered , but sent what they had . When I called to inquire , they informed me they no longer had the ones I wanted and sent a replacement , without checking with me . The jars they sent were ordinary jars I could get anywhere . Asking if I could return them , I was informed they would email me instructions and a return number . Problem was , they wanted me to pay the return shipping for their error , having already paid shipping to get them to me incorrectly . Not great customer service to say the least ! This is the second time I have placed an order on Amazon where the item comes from someone else . Both times there have been problems . So I will not order from Amazon again if the order ships from another vendor .
 These knives are marginally ok , at best . They bear the Henckels name , but are NOT German -LRB- made in China ! -RRB- or even close to a `` real '' Henckels . In addition , the serrated edges are horrible for trying to do any real slicing . I was very disappointed with the set ... and plan to go with a Wusthof Santuko the next time I buy .
 I LOVE the OLD pyrex . It was the BEST but this new stuff is made in China and is garbage . If you are lucky enough to have some of the old containers all you have to do is hold them next to the new ones and you will see the difference . The old ones are clear and the new ones have a blue cast to the glass . For some reason the blue tint in the glass weakens it but somehow makes it cheaper to produce . From what I 've read all colored glass is more fragile especially when subjected to heat but I have to tell you , it also chips with just regular use . I 've never had any of the old pyrex chip . Also , the lids for the new ones are EXTREMELY stiff and very difficult to get on to the containers . I even had one lid split because it would not stretch . Somehow this new stiffer plastic is cheaper to make just does not make a good product .
 In case you have n't read the January issue of Consumer Reports yet , let me summarize
 The round Pyrex storage container lids seal tightly , but these do not . Liquids spill with minor tilting and freezer burn is a problem .
 much smaller than anticipated unless you are going to make one brownie in each one you may not get what you are expecting .
 Items are much smaller than they look . No demensions were told
 I purchased this product approx . 12 months ago , and have had pieces shatter in the oven at 400 degrees , in the microwave when they come out of the fridge and now an edge just came off when I took the lid off the refrigerated item - getting glass into the dish of food . Now they are headed for the dumpster . Save your money and avoid the stitches .
 The service was good . Product came in timely fashion was n't broken or anything . Mine was pink and black which complimented each other very well . Only complaints were it is pretty small and the black sand hangs up like A LOT . I have yet to get it to totally go to one side . Which for a timer is kind of a bad thing which is why I only put two stars .
 It is very difficult to get the lid on and after a few weeks of use the lid is broken from trying to force it on . If the lid was better it would be a nice product .
 The whole dish , including the handles , gets extremely hot in the microwave oven . Other cookware we have used remains relatively cool after the food has been heated . The size and shape of the dish are just right for preparing small amounts of food for one or two people , but use with caution .
 It seems Nordicware has changed the material the product is made of and I can not find any information about the new material ... As an item used in Microwave cooking , I would like to know more , when a company changes material / / /
 I planned to use this for veggies in the microwave but it gave off such a horrible plastic taste , no matter what I used to clean it , that I threw it away . Very disapointing , I usually like Nordic Ware .
 This product is not the original pyroceramic Corningware , which is what most people think of when they hear the word `` Corningware . '' It 's not bad for what it is , but you need to know what it is not.The original `` French White '' Corningware was made of Corning 's famous pyroceramic glass , which could be used on the gas stove , put directly in the freezer , put under the broiler right from the freezer , and oh yes , also used in a microwave . And it was very unlikely to shatter if dropped . If you pounded on it with a hammer and nail you might have gotten it to break.When World Kitchens bought the license from Corning , they decided to halt production of a line of cookware that would take anything and last forever , and dupe customers , especially brides , into thinking the stoneware `` French White '' was the same thing as the wonderful French White pyroceramic cookware previously available to their mothers and sisters.The pattern is very attractive and can be used with any decor , and they do offer many sizes , but this stuff is not , repeat , really not , what people mean when they say `` Corningware . `` Le Creuset can do most of the above mentioned , but it being metal you can not use it in the microwave . Stoneware can not go on top of the stove , and repeated trips from the freezer to the oven will eventually cause it to craze and crack . And stoneware will also chip , and break if dropped , etc. . Pyrex glassware can not go on the gas stove although you can take it from the freezer to the oven , and also microwave it.The only product which could do anything was pyroceramic , and World Kitchens has chosen to remove it from the market because it is `` too good . `` They have recently brought back a few of the old square shapes , with the Cornflower , or plain white , calling it `` vintage , '' but the French White shape is not making an appearance yet . If you want it , email them and ask for it!Meanwhile , get Le Creuset for cooking and roasting and baking -LRB- yes it is expensive but it lasts forever and cooks beautifully -RRB- , and reheat things in Pyrex in the microwave .
 I 've had this Aerobed Premier DuraSuede Air Mattress for just over a year . It got used once a week , on average . It was -LRB- and is -RRB- comfortable . However , it now has a slow leak , which means it does n't stay inflated for an entire night . My understanding is that it has a one-year warranty . One reviewer also reported his mattress developed a leak just after the warranty expired . Ironically , it looks very well constructed . From other reviews , it appears there is a leakage/ballooning problem with the product -LRB- though mine exhibited no ballooning -RRB- . It is said in one of the reviews that the pump has a 3-yr warranty . Had the mattress lasted that long , I 'd have given the mattress a 4-star rating . It fills and empties very quickly , is quite comfortable , and `` folds '' up nicely . But its durability -- the very thing you buy it for -- is questionable .
 I had this product and used it moderately , no more than a dozen times . Just a year after the mattress warranty ran out its seams weakened and it started to balloon . It is now useless . I think the problem originated when the automatic inflation vent -- the thing that keeps it from overinflating -- stopped working properly . But even when I made sure it did n't overinflate the ballooning expanded , making it impossible to sleep on . Not very deluxe , and since the problem is with the mattress -LRB- which has a one year warranty -RRB- and not the motor -LRB- which has up to a three year warranty -RRB- , it is not covered . Bad product , they must know the mattress has a short life-span . Do not buy this product .
 Slept on this bed one night , could n't wait to get out of it . Definitely not recommended . Only gave it 1 star because zero stars is not an option .
 Yet ANOTHER Aerobed gone bad . I thought maybe if I bought their most expensive bed -LRB- $ 200 when I purchased it in November -RRB- , it might last more than a few months . No such luck.Felt a pop , and suddenly I had a huge `` mountain '' of air in the middle of the mattress . The square `` seams '' apparently ca n't take the weight of a 106-lb woman , and so once again I am on the couch until the replacement arrives.Aerobed is now claiming that they 've never marketed their products for everyday use , which is a flat-out lie . That 's the whole reason my mom decided to buy me the first one I had ... so I would n't kill my back turning mattresses and changing bedskirts anymore . Anyway , these beds are fine for occasional or temporary use , but DO N'T think you can sleep on them every night . That was false advertising at its finest , and now they 're backtracking because obviously they 're replacing a lot of beds.EDIT
 I have two earlier Aerobeds and they are very comfortable and conforms to support our bodies . This new Premier DuraSuede is like lying on a sheet of tin . The material is so stiff it does not conform to our body . I find it unusable .
 BOUGHT 2 POSTERS ... VERY POOR COPIES OF POSTERS ... LETTERING WAS BLURRY & PIXELATED ... FACES ON THE POSTERS LOOKED OVER EXPOSED ... NOT VERY HAPPY ABOUT THESE .
 PRO : - Light - Modern looking - It actually has decent vacuuming power - The spinning 10 '' brush works extremely well -LRB- though unwieldy -RRB- in cleaning fine cat 's hair in furniture fabricCON : - Short cord - The main attachment -LRB- with 10 '' brush de-activated to clean floors -RRB- performs adequately on opened hardwood floors but poorly in the corners due to the bulk of its size . - The main attachment -LRB- with 10 '' brush activated to clean carpets -RRB- performs poorly on medium height carpet because the air-driven brush does not protrude much beyond the attachment 's plastic housing . - The wand 's sections kept getting detach especially when vacuuming on carpet - The tool holder sometimes gets in the way when vacuuming under the sofa or cabinetSOLUTION : - I should have returned the darn thing but decided otherwise because of its cat 's hair removal capability - which is WAY better than the heavy Sears ' canister and its many attachments - For Bare Floors
 Has a strong odor when you turn it on . Returned it .
 IT WORKED TWICE , OR TO BE MORE PRECISE , AFTER 2 WEEKS OF PURCHASE DOES N'T EVEN TURN ON .
 Were ZERO stars an option , I 'd rank this worthless item a ZERO ! I 've long been a Kenmore canister vacuum user ... until the puppy chewed the cord . I opted for the Bissell CleanView II , it was fabulous ... until the puppy chewed the cord -LRB- no , never plugged into electricity ! -RRB- . I borrowed a friend 's Hoover WindTunnel canister and loved it , but decided I did n't want to spend the $ 200 for it ... and so , after much research and comparative shopping , I opted for the Sanyo SC-506T -LRB- it has a retracting cord ! -RRB- . The vacuum arrived in record time , even though I selected the `` super-saver shipping '' option . Upon opening the box I immediately grew concerned for as I assembled the hose unit I noted it to be extremely `` flimsy '' feeling - the hose assembly is only attached to the based/brush unit via force - there is no attachment -LRB- as in wherein one might wish to release the base/brush unit to use only the hose -RRB- . I soon found that how I assembled the hose unit to the base meant it was to stay in that manner forever - I found that I had placed the two pieces together just about an inch off center - meaning all attempts to vacuum required holding the entire hose assembly to compensate for the `` off kilter '' base unit.Vacuuming berber -LRB- zero pile -RRB- I quickly found that I had to go over the same spot time and time again as one can not place ANY pressure on the base unit ... to do so means the `` beater brush '' stops completely . Further investigation noted that there are no front wheels on the base unit , thus when one is push the hose/base foward , the base unit basically grinds into the floor/carpet because there is nothing to keep it elevated -LRB- hence the need for front wheels -RRB- . From berber I moved to tile ... on the tile it seems to work so much better , but I made the mistake of moving to a very low pile throw rug and found the beater brush unit flat out wo n't work unless one gentlly lifts the base/brush unit ... again , likely due to the front end being basically flush with the ground . -LRB- Note
 Yet ANOTHER Aerobed gone bad . I thought maybe if I bought their most expensive bed -LRB- $ 200 when I purchased it in November -RRB- , it might last more than a few months . No such luck.Felt a pop , and suddenly I had a huge `` mountain '' of air in the middle of the mattress . The square `` seams '' apparently ca n't take the weight of a 106-lb woman , and so once again I am on the couch until the replacement arrives.Aerobed is now claiming that they 've never marketed their products for everyday use , which is a flat-out lie . That 's the whole reason my mom decided to buy me the first one I had ... so I would n't kill my back turning mattresses and changing bedskirts anymore . Anyway , these beds are fine for occasional or temporary use , but DO N'T think you can sleep on them every night . That was false advertising at its finest , and now they 're backtracking because obviously they 're replacing a lot of beds.EDIT
 I have two earlier Aerobeds and they are very comfortable and conforms to support our bodies . This new Premier DuraSuede is like lying on a sheet of tin . The material is so stiff it does not conform to our body . I find it unusable .
 Slept on this bed one night , could n't wait to get out of it . Definitely not recommended . Only gave it 1 star because zero stars is not an option .
 I 've had this Aerobed Premier DuraSuede Air Mattress for just over a year . It got used once a week , on average . It was -LRB- and is -RRB- comfortable . However , it now has a slow leak , which means it does n't stay inflated for an entire night . My understanding is that it has a one-year warranty . One reviewer also reported his mattress developed a leak just after the warranty expired . Ironically , it looks very well constructed . From other reviews , it appears there is a leakage/ballooning problem with the product -LRB- though mine exhibited no ballooning -RRB- . It is said in one of the reviews that the pump has a 3-yr warranty . Had the mattress lasted that long , I 'd have given the mattress a 4-star rating . It fills and empties very quickly , is quite comfortable , and `` folds '' up nicely . But its durability -- the very thing you buy it for -- is questionable .
 I had this product and used it moderately , no more than a dozen times . Just a year after the mattress warranty ran out its seams weakened and it started to balloon . It is now useless . I think the problem originated when the automatic inflation vent -- the thing that keeps it from overinflating -- stopped working properly . But even when I made sure it did n't overinflate the ballooning expanded , making it impossible to sleep on . Not very deluxe , and since the problem is with the mattress -LRB- which has a one year warranty -RRB- and not the motor -LRB- which has up to a three year warranty -RRB- , it is not covered . Bad product , they must know the mattress has a short life-span . Do not buy this product .
 As a spoon rest , this is a 1 star product . It 's too small and poorly weighted , so it wo n't support any kind of spoon you 'd be stirring something on the stove with . Really , it 's useless as a spoon rest.But , I gave it 2 stars because it 's attractive , and someone might like it as a decoration .
 Aloha Island Coffee Company Bonzai Pipeline Dark Roast is a very mediocre , insipid coffee , rather acidic for a dark roast . The beans are of unknown origin , but if there are any Kona beans in this anonymous mix , they must be the ones other roasters threw out as it does n't even vaguely taste like Kona . Actually , Aloha Island Coffee Co. is n't even in Hawaii , it 's located in Santa Ana , CA , an area not exactly known for great coffee . The coffee is extremely overpriced for the poor quality you get , which is why I gave it one star , and you would be better off buying some of the better brands commonly sold in supermarkets at about one-third the price . I ordered the 2-8 oz bags , but I could n't even make it through the first one and have thrown the second in the garbage . I would never buy anything from Aloha Island Coffee company again .
 Product looked and smelled great - however , it was not clear from the description that this product is for non-ESE pod machines . I like the idea of organic and US source , this just did n't work for me .
 well , i am glad i have 1 , being a doberman freak , but ... i didnt look close to the details b4 i purchased it . i do believe this was someones old/worn poster that was copied & redistributed . You can see old yellowed tape marks , & other imperfections indicating my `` opinion '' . that was my bad for not paying attention to detail ! once i compared what i received to the enlarged poster on site it was exact ... w/that said once in a good frame & up on the wall it looks great . only i know its not perfect !
 When I first recieved these sheets , I loved them . They are quite soft . They 've been washed twice now , and the seams are starting to come apart on the fitted sheet and pillowcases . The edges on the flat sheet are now very frayed and it is coming apart where the sheet if folded over and sewn at the top .
 I bought a set of king burgundy fitted and flat sheets . It looks nice and feels soft and thin . But the very first day I noticed some kind of very fine burgundy color dust coming off the sheets . It gets stuck to sleepwear . White air return vents in my bedroom became almost red in color with this dust . The worst part is that the dust stays on the bed and is very hard to remove it even with a vaccum cleaner . I was careful to wash these sheets separately , I collected about two full cups of red dust from dryer vent .
 I got these sheets and was very pleased with them at first . After a couple of days I observed color sticking to everything around . The worst , it painted my matress in RED color !! I tried my best to remove the color but it wont go away . Now I found the best place for these sheets - in the attic .
 These are more like 200-250 thread count . Soft at first , but after a couple of washings , they feel rough , loose their shape , and wrinkle easily . I purchased several different colors in twin and king sizes and all have been a disappointment .
 These sheets are the worst in the dryer . I have washed my sheets 3 times and still get the colored lint off the sheets . My dryer is a mess and so is the floor . I do not recommend these sheets in this color or you will have the mess every time you wash them . All the other colors are fine , it is just the burgandy . Can anyone tell me why this happens ?? Linda Perry
 Margins were about 4 inches of white on the top and bottom looks stupid in a 11x17 frame Horrible print off a laser printer .
 The `` airtight '' seal is not so airtight . When fully latched you can move the lid around and even lift it a little . The latch does n't even hold tightly , just tipping the jar sideways releases it . So if you are looking for an airtight canister to hold your coffee , this is n't it .
 This vacuum cleaner was recieved with a broken handle and I was told I would be given a refund and would have to order another vacuum cleaner .
 I had this vacuum five minutes before pieces of the bristles from the brush roll were flying all over . It is a cheaply made vacuum . Of course for being a commercial vacuum it is certainly on the low end , so what can one expect ?
 What else to say ? It does n't fit my 1.5 liter bottle . Been waiting over 3 weeks for a remedy from company .
 I was a little disapointed because when I opened the package under the rooster top was 2 small chips off the paint . I will have to find some paint to touch it up . I felt like it cost me a little more than I wanted to spend and now I have to fix it .
 The holder looks great , but needs to be assembled and the pieces do not fit together . Would be great if it could be assembled .
 I bought this beautiful paper towel holder for the new home we were moving into . I have only used it a handful of times since the two months that I 've had it -LRB- and by using it I mean unscrewing the rooster off the top to replace an empty paper towel center -RRB- . The rooster will no longer screw on . I 've probably changed paper towels on there MAYBE five times . It was a bit of a pain to have to remove the rooster anyway . I do n't recommend this product at all . Also , there is a slight chip on the rod that holds the paper towels , but does n't make a difference in screwing the rooster on .
 I agree with review that states the roll is too tight and you have to manually unroll the towel . When you can unroll , the rooster unscrews and comes off and the metal screw also falls off . Chance of losing the screw . It goes beautifully with my kitchen and I am planning to order some of the matching accessories . I already have the trivette . Too bad the mechanics of the towel holder are not suitable for rolls of thicker more absorbent towels .
 I love the look of this paper-towel holder , but it does n't function very well . The space between the guide bar and the rod is too small for a full role of paper towels . I have to leave the rooster off the top until I have used at least 1/4 of the roll , otherwise I ca n't get the roll to turn & the towels wo n't come off .
 I 'm not sure what they were thinking when they engineered this . To put a roll of paper towels on it you have to unscrew the rooster , ok not a huge deal , however you have to unscrew the rooster forever and the bottom will come unscrewed as well so the whole thing comes apart . Very cumbersome . The only reason I did n't give it one star is because it is such an attractive paper towel holder , also , we received it damaged . The cylinder under the rooster was badly chipped . Very disappointed .
 Not at all happy with the packing of this casserole set . First two shipments had chipped lid handles . Third set was so tightly packed that it fell out on floor and shattered largest bowl . This set has since been discontinued by Amazon and we received a refund . Corelle needs to learn how to pack this so that the lid handles will not chip .
 I ordered this casserole set from Target.com even after seeing the two negative reviews posted here . My mistake . The Corelle box itself was nicely packed , but it was inside a much larger box with totally inadequate packing around it . The Corelle box was able to move freely inside the larger box and the larger of the two casserole dishes was broken into about eight pieces . I returned it to my local Target store , where I got another surprise . Customer service at my store refunded only the merchandise cost and when I questioned that , gave me a phone number to call to discuss the refund of the shipping cost and tax . I went home and called and was able to get a refund for shipping but was told I would have to speak to someone else to discuss the refund of the tax . When I was transferred to that person , she told me that I would have to return to the store to have the tax refunded since it could only be done there . These are nice casserole dishes and I hope to find them elsewhere because I certainly wo n't be ordering them or anything else from Target.com .
 I was just going to return it and ask for another set to be sent to me , but when my husband saw it arrive at our house in so many pieces because it was packaged so poorly ... he said to just ask for a refund . Too bad , I really could have used it too .
 Product arrived broken . Returned for a refund . I did not re-order . It was not packed very well at all .
 The first order came and it was broken . Sent it back and received a replacement and it was broken . Sent that one back also . At the time you applied a credit and cancelled the order . However I have yet to see that credit on my credit card . Wrote a letter ad complained . REceived a rely at which you gave me a credit with Amazon . But tried to buy something yesterday and was unable to find that credit . So all around not a happy customer . Would like someone to find out where my credit on my card is for starters .
 Amazon 's great for books , DVDs , and CDs . Do NOT order breakables . It arrived in pieces . I did receive a free return label but what a waste of energy and time !
 I like the pan however , it 's size is very deceiving . Change your title to include -LRB- `` MINI '' - DOG CAKE PAN -RRB- This pan was not what I expected and really put a dent in my plans for my doggie birthday party . I was embarrassed as I am known for outstanding doggie parties and this one was laughed upon . I eventually need to order another one but really do n't think its worth 20.00 I should have received 2 for the price I paid .
 We have had the table for 3 weeks . When I walked in to see it assembled , it looked like a miniature version of what I thought it would be . Last night I cleaned it , and now half of the paint is gone .
 It is a very lovely two piece set . And Amazon shipped it to me twice , and both times it arrived in more or less a pile of shards . I gave up , but from what I could tell from the remains , this set is a very nice heavy earthen bakewear . I 'm not sure , considering the shipping problems , whether the set could survive normal jostling in storage cabinets or a dishwasher .
 As two other reviewers mentioned this is a nice set . Unfortunately when it arrived , the larger bowl had a chip on the rim and under closer inspection you can see it is starting to crack from there in two lines . I 'm going to try to have it replaced and will let you know how it goes . I 've been very happy with the other corelle pieces I 've gotten , but have also had a problem with the 3Qt Baking Dish that is also made of the same material as these bowls that arrived broken as well that I 'm also having replaced .
 Update
 We just received this for Christmas and it it the worst toaster oven ever . Not only does it take two cycles to actually toast , but in order to get the top brown , you end up with a partially burnt underside . But , that is n't even the worst part . This thing is HOT , really hot and I 'm very leery of having it burn the cord and starting a fire , not to mention burning my hands if I forget and push it around after using it . What a total piece of junk , avoid it like the plague . I 'm taking it back .
 I bought this toaster oven a few months ago . It clicks like a timer . It always burns one side and does n't cook the other . Then the light stopped working , so you could n't tell if it was on or not . Then it started just sometimes not shutting off . I would put all switches on off , and come back and find it very hot much later . Very dangerous . It has finally just stopped working all together . Good riddance !!!
 I received this as a wedding gift and from day one it has n't worked very well . We always have to microwave everything we cook after we use the toaster oven because its not quite done . I also have tried to cook waffles ... it burned one side while making the other side soggy . Either spend more money on something that actually works or just stick with your regular toaster and microwave .
 This toaster looked the best and had the price and brand name that I expect at Target . Unfortunately , the performance was poor as nothing toasted evenly . And the toaster ticked down the time like an old kitchen timer .
 I have owned Black & Decker toast ovens in the past and been happy with them , but this toaster oven is an evil toast burner . It 1 -RRB- clicks annoyingly , 2 -RRB- ca n't be turned off halfway through the toaster cycle if you think your toast is already done , and 3 -RRB- ALWAYS burns the bottom of your toast and leaves your toast top raw . This is in part because 4 -RRB- there is only one heating element on the top and on the bottom , instead of the two strips the old toaster ovens had . The bake function also burns things.DON ' T BUY THIS TOASTER OVEN !
 Toaster ovens have never been known for their toast , but this is ridiculous . I can only advise using the broil setting because otherwise the bottom of your toast is burnt before the top is done . Oh yeah , the other bonus prize if you use the toast setting is ... if you look at it and it 's done , you ca n't just turn the knob and shut the thing off -LRB- although I did n't FORCE it -RRB- ... you can either wait it out or remove your toast as the machine continues to toast nothing.On the other hand , it works quite nicely for tasks in which you use the little pan . Frozen pizza and other convenience foods do well here , and the temperature seems fairly true to the stated settings -LRB- of which there are few . -RRB- Great if you do n't want to heat the `` real oven '' for a few pieces of garlic bread .
 Only toasts/browns a two inch strip . There is only one element in the middle of the top and one in the middle of the bottom . I too got it because it looked nice . It still looks nice , while we had to pull out our old stuff to actually have toast .
 The first time I used it , no problem . The second time I used it SMOKE came out from it setting off the fire alarm in the kitchen . People keep telling me that maybr crumbs got in the bottom of it but at the rate the smoke was pouring out , I seriously doubt it.DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME ON THIS PIECE OF GARBAGE .
 If one reads the features of this product it sounds great , but in reality it is a poorly designed , poorly manufactured and simply a poor product.I expected much more of Melitta , but I was wrong . I threw this thing out and returned to a Krups coffee maker .
 Pretty colour and pic but actual blankie not that soft or nice to touch , feels more like fleece ! Costs too much on here for what it is .
 The design is low strength , thin material of minimal quality , but it does crudely get the job done . The shaft `` bearings '' consist of inadequate flat plastic washers that may decrease some metal-to-metal sideways rubbing but can not reduce any shaft rotational friction . The life of the product is probably limited by the absense of simple bearing sleeves .
 i was boiling the beef for my baby 's solid food and it was the 3rd time i was using it after purchase . with a loud noise , the pot was broken into half making total mess . the gas was on medium power too.obviously this is not one of the sturdy Le Creuset Stoneware . this is very light and not reliable.i took a picture of the mess and try to find a way to put it up.i didnt have a chance to return it as the baby has been handful and very unhappy with this purchase .
 This is to second another review here . This item , while beautiful , is not up to the usual Le Creuset standards -LRB- and I own 8 or 9 other Le Creuset pieces , with which I am quite happy -RRB- . The lid on this casserole is loose , and however arranged , is never even close to a snug fit . If I had n't thrown away the box , I would return it .
 Although the order clearly indicated the product selected , I received a 1 and 1/2 quart dish instead of the 2 quart . A waste of time since we already have 2 smaller casserole dishes . We wanted a larger , 2 quart dish . I returned the item as instructed and have not heard anything since . Thought they might ask if I still wanted the 2 quart , but maybe it was out of stock . Went to a local store and bought the one we wanted .
 I ordered several items from the collection `` Texture Leaves '' by Corelle Corrdinates and twice the 4-piece casserole bake & serve set was broken in shipment . The other items were replaced and made the second shipment . I recommend ordering the 4 piece casserole somewhere else or buying in a store .
 Never got a chance to use this bake & serve set . The first time I ordered it was received smashed into many pieces . The packaging was barely there for a glass product . Amazon was nice enough to send me another replacement immediately . Although the shipping packaging was better , part of it arrived broken again . If this product ca n't handle even being shipped , how long will it last in the kitchen ? I have sinced asked for my money back . Too heavy to keep returning damaged goods to the post office .
 Nice looking , but super heavy . Hard to get out of oven and over range microwave because of weight . Even the lids are heavy .
 I ordered this on June 9th , and I still have not received the product . I have called 3 times . The first and second times I was told the item was shipped that day . Today , I was told it has not been shipped . The Customer Service staff is rude . They need to be trained . I will never order from them again and I would highly recommend anyone planning on doing so , find another vender .
 I ordered these sheets last April , and received a very nice , soft set of sheets , that were thicker than expected . I ordered a set this month -LRB- different size and color -RRB- and received a not-so-soft , thinner sheet set . I am not really happy with this second set . If I had handled them in a store , I would not have purchased them . Poor quality control ? Or just a different manufacturer for different sizes ? Good luck ! The only positive is that this is the best fitting set I 've found for a thick king-sized bed ... and yeah , they 're stitched together properly .
 I was extremely disappointed in these sheets . They were so stiff and noisy -LRB- yes , I said noisy -RRB- that I removed them from the bed after one night and washed them . There was some improvement after washing but not much . The fabric is thick and heavy and coarse-feeling - not soft and smooth as I expected 600 thread count to be . I purchased sheets with 440 thread count that are far supperior to these !!!
 We recently bought the 600 thread count sheets . I was n't crazy about the color , but figured they would at least feel good . They were great until we washed them . Then they pilled up . I was suprised at how worn they look after just one washing . I 'm glad that we only bought one set of sheets .
 I have a 12 '' mattress and a 4 '' memory foam topper , so I wanted sheets with 16 '' pocket . These are NOT it , about 3-4 '' of my mattress shows below the fitted sheet . Also they looked tan here on Amazon but were more of a gold once I got them .
 First of all I was surprised at the bright gold color which looks nothing like the cafe I ordered . I liked the feel of the sheets at first but I could n't believe how it pilled up after the first washing , and more so with each washing . I do n't even use a dryer - I line dry them . Really disappointed and looking for sheets that stay soft .
 After reading many reviews I ordered these . Boy was that a big mistake and a waste of money . I keep hoping given the high thread count that washing will help . No such luck - they come out of the dryer a scratchy , wrinkly mess - and I 'm talking hard crease wrinkles . In a desperate attempt to salvage these i resorted to ironing hoping the threads would lie down - my heavy duty steam iron could barely get the wrinkles out of the pillowcases . Now i 'm stuck with them ... i 'm going to continue to keep washing with fabric softener hoping for a miracle but my guts telling me these high priced sheets will wind up in the Goodwill bag . Unless u like scratchy burlap , do n't buy these sheets . They do NOT live up to the advertising . Whether it matter or not I ordered the brown king size set . A friend has recommended bamboo sheets - i 'm going to try that next . OBVIOUSLY high thread count does NOT guarantee softness or quality .
 These sheets are great if you like thick , heavy , cotton sheets . However , if you are looking for soft , sateen sheets as they are described , you will be severely disappointed .
 Has to wash them twice before use and they turned into a cheap wrinkly cotton mess . Absolutely worse `` sateen '' sheets ever !
 I ordered the Renaissance 600 thread count queen sheet set for $ 59.99 ; what a RIP-OFF ! The sheets are definitely NOT luxury as described . They are NOT `` heavy , thick '' 600 thread sheets , they are NOT normal queen size -LRB- only double bed size -RRB- , and the pillow cases are TOO SMALL for regular pillows ! I am extremely disappointed as I have bought heavier , more luxurious Egyptian sheets from both Costco and Sam 's for about half the price . DO NOT waste your money on these .
 If your looking for Sateen or Soft then these sheets are n't for you ! . . The sheets felt good in package but once you wash they do not feel like Sateen or a high thread count ! Remember you ca n't return once washed ! I ordered based on high feedback from others-so disappointed !!
 As my title states , these sheets pilled instantly and were irritating to both myself and my husband 's skin -LRB- cold wash , our usual Planet laundry detergent -RRB- . I 'm hesitant to even cycle these into guest sheets ! Definitely expected more from a 600 thread count set .
 Not happy with these sheets . I have to iron them and they do not feel like they are 600 count . Will not purchase this brand again .
 The 600 count sheets are nice at first . I have had mine for a little over 2 months . After washing a few times thefabric has balled up like a fleece item after much use . After reading the 30 day return policy from Amazon Iwas most disappointed . Most items stay neat and undamaged the first few months of using . I wish I had bought sheetslocally so I could return or exchange them for a higher quality .
 Regardless of other issues , these sheets are n't the smooth out of the box -LRB- nor after a good washing or two -RRB- that one finds in 400 threadcount Egyptian Cotton sheets . I 'll be returning these and buying 400 TC Egyptian cotton .
 Sheets are stiff upon arrival and do not * approach * comfort until the 3rd or 4th wash . I am not sure their idea of `` sateen '' is the same as the rest of the industry . Apparently they have `` sateen '' confused with `` sail canvas '' . A few months later I bought these http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001ICYV04/ref=ox_ya_oh_productfor -LSB- ... -RSB- more and they are SO much nicer . I wish I 'd just bought them in the first place .
 The material in these sheets is harsh-feeling , and keeps in a great deal of heat . We were waking up and throwing off the sheets in the middle of the night , even with a ceiling fan going in an air conditioned room . We expected 600 count sheet to be soft and supple , but these felt very rough and scratchy . Also , the color , Cafe , is really a gold , and was not what was expected .
 I thought these were going to be A LOT softer - I have some 600 thread sheets now -LRB- much softer -RRB- however they were twice the cost . They are very thick and I like the chocolate brown color ...
 Really disappointed in the color of these sheets . `` Cafe '' would bring to mind the color of coffee/latte not a horrible gold color . Sheets bunch up and do n't stay tight on the mattress .
 these sheets were used three times and are badly pilled . I never wash towels with my sheets so it is just bad fiber even though they were supposed to be 600 thread count . Tried to return them , missed the return date . I would have to have left them on the bed for the whole month to know they were this bad .
 I have n't gotten more than 3 uses out of this set and consider them scrap material at this point . They seem to shrink more with each wash . They never fit my standard sized king well and now dont fit at all . They piled up immediately and quite a bit with each wash so not a smooth feeling on your skin at all . Others wrote about wrinkling which I also experienced though that does n't bother me much . With all the good reviews I honestly wonder if different sheets are being sold as the same product .
 I 've ordered these sheets hoping for quality , but what I got is a damaged product with holes in it ! I am very angry and disappointed : -LRB-
 I should 've read the reviews more carefully . I ordered WHITE . The color that came in was CREAM . They call it `` Ivory '' ... That 's like an off-white yellowish color . Other reviewers have stated the same thing about the wrong color coming in.I 'm too lazy to return this . There are also no 5-star rated white queen size sheets -LRB- under $ 100 -RRB- at all on Amazon.com Next time , I 'll have to access an old fashioned department store of some type to get the proper sheets . No more ordering sheets online .
 I had ordered 2 sets of these sheets and as usual the shipping was excellant . But the sheets themselves were very diappointing . They were fine until they were washed . They no longer fit the air mattress at all . And I feel they were a total waste of money . I recommand that you save your money and purchase something else .
 These sheets were soft out of the package and seemed nice . I washed them according to wash instructions and after 1 week on the bed they are already starting to pill . Very disappointing , I 've had cheapy 250TC sheets that have held up better . I guess you get what you pay for .
 I ordered really nice sheets , and thought that the color `` ivory '' would look nice . It certainly looks nice and white on the web page ! When it arrived the contents were marked `` Ivory '' , but the actual color is yellow -LRB- a very uncomplimentary color for sheets -RRB- . When I compare the color of what I got with the web site , there 's a stark contrast . It 's a case of color misrepresentation in the advertising . There 's no obvious way to deal with this without losing shipping costs , etc. . Very disappointing !
 I ordered these needing some ` Cafe ' colored sheets ... When you see Cafe , you think of a light brown . These sheets are GOLD . Definitely returning them . Very disappointed .
 I am so upset . I bought these sheets as a gift for my very pregnant daughter in an effort to make her bed softer and more comfortable . She washed them on gentle before she put them on her bed . When I asked her tonight on Skype `` how are the new sheets , '' she said with hesitation , `` they are a bit scratchy . '' OMG These so-called 600-thread-count sheets should be very smooth . Cheap sheets are scratchy , and these certainly were not cheap . I wish that she would have told me when she opened them that they were not nice sheets so that I could have returned them . All I can say about these sheets is `` do n't order them . '' They are not what they claim to be .
 I purchased these sheets because we like a high thread count , soft sheet and this seemed like a good deal . Instead , we received sheets that are akin to what you would find in a cheap motel room . These sheets are nothing close to other 600 TC sheets I own . They are stiff and irritating , even after 2 washings with fabric softener . They feel nothing like `` Sateen '' as advertised . I have a set of 400 TC sheets that are far superior in softness than these sheets . In short , save your money unless you intend to put these in a cheap motel room .
 I purchased a set of Renaissance 600-count sheets at a store and loved it - silky and a good fit . I sought and found what looked like the same sheets on Amazon -LRB- same name , thread count , appearance and price -RRB- . I purchase the ivory and teal blue . I did not receive the blue sheets , but a more blue-gray . Amazon offered to take them back and ultimately I got them without charge . Both colors shrank a bit when washed , enough to make it a struggle to get them on the bed . But after washing the ivory also became thicker , annoyingly so . Ultimately I gave them away .
 I 'd been looking for some chocolate colored sheets to complement our new master bedroom . Saw the Renaissance Collection 600 thread count and said `` wow , nice ... '' WRONG !!! I washed them before I put them on the bed as I always do with new linen and what came out of the dryer were EXTREMELY wrinkled sheets ... they felt soft when I took them out of the packaging but they lost all their softness once I washed them ... I know there is a lesson to be learned ...
 I got the queen size set in ivory . They seemed well made out-of-the-box and of good texture , not rough as others have complained about for the king-size sheets . The pillow cases have nice stitching and generous hems . Both sheets were initially ample in size . The fitted sheet is notably generous and easily handles the 7-8 '' thickness of my mattress ; I project it could handle the much larger mattress thicknesses as advertised . BUT the nice silky smooth finish was destroyed after I washed them in hot water . Both sheets and pillow cases came out badly wrinkled , faded , and the sheen and silky smoothness were gone . The flat sheet shrunk significantly -LRB- approximately 5 inches off the 90 '' width -RRB- , so its hard to keep it in place over-night . I 've never had this problem with any of the other sheets I 've bought in the past ; they are/were probably polyester/cotton blends . So if you buy these sheets DO NOT WASH THEM IN HOT WATER ; THEY WILL BE SEVERLY DAMAGED . My recommendation is to avoid these sheets and buy some nice permanent press sheets with a ~ 40/60 % polyester/cotton content .
 The sheets are seemingly good quality and feel nice and soft , but the color they say you are purchasing is not accurate.We bought the king size set in the `` cafe '' color , but the sheets we received are literally gold in color.The packaging on them does say `` cafe '' ... So how hard is it to put the color that the consider `` cafe '' on the web page so you can see it properly?Either they post incorrect pictures or the manufacturing process is so poor that they dye them incorrectly.Either way , I 'd probably pass . We 're going to keep them and make them work in a pinch , otherwise we 'd be sending back since they do n't match up with the other bed pieces we purchased ...
 Terrible . Really unsatisfactory . Uncomfortable , even after a washing . Coarse . If I can find a way to return them , I will in a second . I ca n't wait to put the old sheetbs back on the bed .
 I received these sheets several days ago . I wish I had read the reviews before I purchased them . I washed the sheets 3 times in Woolite and they were still very rough . Not the way 600 thread count sheets should feel . They are also very thick . Fortunately , Amazon allowed me to return them . That is why I love Amazon .
 I ordered two sets and returned the unopened one after washing and using the first set several times with no sign of them getting much softer . Roughest cotton sheets I have ever had . Pretty odd since they are 600 . Definitely do n't feel like it .
 I got these sheets hoping to give me an extra set of super soft sheets . Unfortunately I think it is going to take a hundred washes for the stiffness to wear out . I also can not stand the way they wrinkle in the dryer . They are really heavy too . I probably should have done more research on 600-thread-count but I know now if you prefer lighter softer sheets these are n't the ones for you .
 Returning them . The Cafe colour is a horrible Mustard/Gold . Might be ok if I was looking for a yellow but I was looking for a tan/beige/brown / coffee/anything but mustard.Opened them enough to run a finger over them , felt nice but terrible colour .
 Nice comfortable beautiful looking sheets . However , the colors faded within a few months , and the threads etc started looking freyed in a similiar time-frame . I do n't have much to compare to as far as other products , but I have to say I was disappointed .
 This is my first review on an Amazon purchase . Most of my buys on Amazon I 've really liked , not so with these sheets . I was looking forward to getting a great buy on 600 count sheets , and it is true -- you get what you pay for . These are not only the most wrinkled mess of sheets I 've ever had , but after one single wash -- the pillow cases are tearing @ the seems ! OMG ! And they call these ` Sateen ' -- I had to look @ my order to see if I received the correct sheets!I love the color , the cafe is not a blatant bright gold , but a nice muted soft one . That is the best I can say about these sheets . The quality is simply awful ... I lay in bed and cut off/pull out threads that hang out of every seem . Will NOT purchase again , and highly recommend to others not to buy these !
 I really disliked these sheets for a few reasons . I bought the Queen size , Cafe.My experience :1 -RRB- the color was much more yellow / orange than shown . This was the least bothersome point though .2 -RRB- These are cold wash only . Wish I 'd know that before ordering . For hygiene reasons - sweat , grease , dust mites , dead skin etc etc - I want sheets I can wash in warm / hot water .3 -RRB- They wrinkle TERRIBLY in the tumble dryer , worse than anything I own . Who wants to iron sheets ? Not me , but given they are quite stiff then the creases are uncomfortable . Then the stiffness makes them hard to iron . The top sheet feels quite different to the bottom & is the one that gave me most problems .4 -RRB- The top sheet not only ran dye , after one wash it was massively blotchy , huge white sections a foot wide where the dye ran out . You 'd think someone spilled bleach on it , except I do n't have bleach in our house . However I knew it was dye running out of it as it turned some of my white clothes yellow.I can ignore the color and I can ignore the blotches , who sees them ? But the rest has made me give up . Given the dye running , I do n't even want to cut them up as rags .
 I was disappointed when I got them . They were n't as great as the price cost ! Unworthy that I ever had . They just OK , not soft also got shrink after laundry even I did what the instruction said .
 I bought these sheets from amazon along with a set of 400 thread count from Bed Bath and Beyond for my new bed . They cost about the same amount . I have rotated each set for the last 4 months and am very surprised that the 400 count set feels like new while this 600 thread count set is pilled and rough , they will be going in the rag bag soon and I Will not buy again . Pay the extra money for the 600 thread count from bed bath and beyond .
 Very poor quality - nothing like sateen at all . Very hard , impossible to iron , wrinkled all the time , nothing like the color that u expect / want , harsh on the skin . I don t recommend this product . At all .
 I like the fabric of the sheets , but I ordered the color `` Cafe '' and it looks like it should be called `` Harvest Gold '' It does n't match the comforter I bought like I had hoped . -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0030HEFXI/ref=oss_product -RRB- Many other people bought these sheets with the comforter I had also purchased , in fact that is why I decided on these sheets , I am a guy and I 'm just not very good at color coordinating . Also , the pillow cases are too short ! I ordered a California King sheet set , and my king sized pillows hang out of the cases about 2 or 3 inches , it looks tacky!I 'm not happy with these , I 'm not going to return them because it 's too much of a hassle for me , but I would not recommend it to friends , and would not purchase again : -LRB-
 These are about as soft as my 300 thread count sheets that I 've had for five years and of lesser quality than my 500 thread count sheets . Had I known that they 'd be of less than mediocre quality , I may have sprung for something more expensive with a higher thread count as I was looking to upgrade . However , I fell victim to the relatively attractive price and , due to that price , it 's simply not worth the shipping cost and hassle to return them so as far as I 'm concerned I 'm stuck with them.If you 're used to thread count sheets around 600 I 'd suggest not purchasing them because you 'll almost assuredly be as unimpressed with them as I am .
 Still after several washes and softner they are rough . I ended up buying 600 count from Costco and they are wonderful . I was very disspointed . No way thse are 600 thread count .
 This 600 thread count sateen sheet set was not a good buy . In following washing and drying instructions , they end up a stiff mess of huge wrinkles and would be uncomfortable to sleep on . You would have to iron them to use them and who has time to do that !
 These sheets are not soft and luxurious as advertised . They are thick , hard and crunchy like paper . They also wrinkle easily and look a terrible mess on our bed . Do not recommend them .
 I just went back and searched my purchase from 2009 so I could by the same set as before . Mine finally had a worn spot that split.I love these sheets they are thick and cool , do n't cling . The fitted sheet stays put and that 's saying a lot because I do n't like to stay still when I sleep.I have only one other set that I hate so these are a wash weekly and put back on set and have really held up amazingly . After I receive my new set I will update and determine if the quality is the same etc. but as of now 5 stars.Unfortunately the new set were a disappointment , much thinner that before and started pilling after the first couple of washes . first time I have returned an item like this .
 Sheets are not at all soft - they feel like cardboard and when you wash them , they come out of the dryer very wrinkled . Not able to recommend at all .
 These sheets look okay but they 're so stiff and rough I have n't used them yet . I 've washed them twice in hot water and will do so again and see how they do . I do n't know whether it 's the fabric or the amount of sizing , but so far I ca n't recommend them . I 'm going to find the ones I 've ordered before and get another set.It 's now February and I 've finally put them on the bed . They never got softer . They come out of the dryer very wrinkled and stay that way . My husband had to help put the fitted sheet on because it 's a little too short , and our mattress is only 9 inches deep . This sheet would never go on a deep pocket mattress . The top sheet barely tucks in at the bottom . I 'm going to accept the loss and give these sheets to Goodwill . I do not recommend them .
 Sorry , but at 600 thread count , I was expecting a soft sheet , something that kinda felt like satin . Boy was I wrong ! They washed up nicely , but the softness I expected was n't there . Felt more like a cheap sheet I 'd buy from a discount store !! I 'd send them back , but it 's more of a hassel then I want to deal with at this time.Sondra
 I am extremely disappointed in these sheets . I would like to return them , but I used them . However , the sheets are not sateen in my estimation . They are coarse to lay on and I would expect much better from Amazon .
 These sheets were an utter disappointment , there is no way that they are 600 thread count - they are coarse and cheap feeling . The sheets I normally buy at Costco are much nicer quality at a similar price.I would not recommend that anyone buy these scratchy sheets . The only reason I did n't return them was because I threw away the box when I washed the sheets , hoping that they would soften up during washing - they did not.Terrible sheets .
 better used as an all-night long exfoliant . i used the pillow case to rub out a scratch on my wooden bookshelves . the color is closer to gold than cafe .
 600 threads of single ply hardness . Hard sheets . Not soft . Bargain grade cheapness . Not luxury . cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap .
 I was expecting some decent quality out of this sheet set
 The sheets arrived on time . The price was good , but I washed them before using and they did not feel like quality sheets after the washing . There was quite a change in the texture after washing . They became very rough and not silky and smooth as I expected from a 600-thread-count product . I will not order again or recommend .
 I received a set of this sheet set and an extra set of pillow cases for an early Christmas gift . I thought 600 thread count would mean they were high quality and soft ! While the stitching is good , and the fabric is thick , the sheets texture feel like sand paper ! For the price , I expected a good quality sheet set . I washed and dried them yesterday and used them last night and they felt terrible !!! Do not buy these sheets - or you will be shipping them back to amazon like I will be .
 I have been told that the higher the thread count , the softer the sheet . Not in this case . The sheets -LRB- after a couple of washings -RRB- are still stiff and rough . I actually got up and put my old 300-400 sheets from a discount store on the bed in the middle of the night because I could not sleep on these . I thought I was `` treating '' myself with these -- unfortunately it turned out to be torture .
 I should have listened to what I read in previous veviews . I 've washed these sheets 3 times in 2 days TRYING to get these soft and not noisy & stiff . Practically dumped fabric softener in the washer and added 2-3 fabric softener sheets in the dryer all 3 times . What the heck are they made of ? I really expected softer sheets for 600 TC . Sure , they fit good , but are wrinkly and stiff to say the least . Wish I had better news .
 This sheets are just ok , they match the comforter set I purchased . They do not wash up well , they are very wrinkled even when removing from dryer immediately .
 These sheets get more wrinkly than any other sheets we 've ever owned . The color looks very nice , but the wrinkles ruin it . They 're reasonably comfortable , but not nearly as good as the charter club macy 's sheets that we use on our main bed.Thread count is overrated . Do n't buy into that hype .
 They are not quite what I expected . They wrinkle very easily . Would not order them again .
 Ordered king size , white . They are n't incredibly soft , they 're very heavy , probably too hot for summer . And they do not fit my mattress -LRB- pillow top -RRB- very well . There 's no way the flat sheet will be able to be tucked in at the sides at all . Also , very wrinkly after drying . I guess you get what you pay for . These are no better than cheap Walmart sheets , which do fit better . So if you just want cheap sheets , get them from Walmart . If you want luxury sheets , I guess you do have to spend more .
 Sheets only lasted two washes and then started to fall apart . The sheets start to pill after the first use . Would not recommend this product .
 Quality is terrible ! These things are terrible !! So think you can see your hand right through them . I had to send them back . There was no way I could keep them , and make due !
 I have had different Sateen sheets for the past 10 years and these are not even near the quality . They are unbelievably wrinkly and after I even ironed the pillow cases , the wrinkles from the dryer did not come out . And I did not let them sit for a second in the dryer . Right when it was done I pulled them out . If I could do it again , I would not order these . They are not soft at all like sateen should be . Very disappointed .
 I do not believe this is 600 thread count . I washed it right out of the package before using it and was stunned at how acratchy the sheet set was . Even after a second washing . I do not recommend this sheet set .
 I ordered a set of these in ivory a couple of years ago . They were thick enough and luxurious and have held up wonderfully . I loved them so much , I recently ordered another set . What a difference ! The new sheets are cheap quality , the color is too yellow and they wrinkle like the cheapest sheets you could buy . They are very thin and are not at all like my older sheets . A total rip off !
 We got a set of these sheets a few weeks ago and immediately noticed that the top sheet was n't wide enough . In fact , after washing , the top sheet barely reached the edge of the bed on both sides . We did try them out for a night , but the small size combined with the stiffness of the sheets was a deal breaker.As a side note , the fitted sheet fit just fine - although it was still made from the same stiff material.Other reviewers have mentioned that different sizes seem to made differently , so be aware that this review only applies to the California King size.I would not recommend getting these sheets in the California King size .
 These are really nice sheets . They look nice and feel nice . HOWEVER - the color i chose was Cafe . It looks like a light brown/beige online . When they arrived , they were GOLD . Now they dont match my bedding . Just watch your color selection .
 The sheets were very stiff . Even after washing , they came out stiff and very very wrinkly . I would not recommend them to anyone .
 These sheets do not feel like they 're anything close to 600 thread count . I returned them immediately and that process went very smooth .
 I bought two sets , one king and one queen . I washed one set and when they came out of the dryer the top and bottom sheets were a different color of ivory . The color was splotchy and they were horribly wrinkled and stiff . I packed them up and sent them back to Amazon today . I 've bought heavy cotton sheets on Amazon before but they were made in Pakistan and were really wrinkle resistant even though they were 100 % cotton . Wish I could find those again !
 The fabric is the same as the sacks that in the 50 's held chicken mash -LRB- chicken food -RRB- from the feed and grain store . No amount of laundering or wear will ever soften this coarse and rough cotton enough to make it comfortable to sleep on . They are not a true white , but more an ivory and made to `` resemble '' a popular striped sheet you find at local stores and even hotels . I was astounded that such a poor textile was still in use much less sold as bedding.I took a leap of faith in the 90 's and used my credit card to buy books through the Internet on the site known as Amazon . Now many years later after having purchased probably hundreds of products , this will be my first return . I think the consumer and Amazon have been deceived .
 NOTHING soft about these sheets . If you have any sort of pillow top or memory foam topper , order a size larger . These did not fit our bed so I thought since I did n't have a bedskirt that I would at least use these to cover our boxsprings which are smaller as it does n't have the pillow top or memory foam on it . After one washing in cold water and lowest dryer setting , these did n't even cover the boxsprings . I used the pillow case and flat sheet one night and the non-fitting fitted sheet because that was all I had . That was the worst night 's sleep ever ... the sheets are loud when turning over like using newspapers as a sheet ... . In the middle of the night I finally stripped the bed and slept on my mattress cover and used regular blankets . -LRB- My fault I had thrown away the packaging never imagining how uncomfortalbe these are . -RRB- I should have kept all the packaging and returned them . I am still on the hunt for some durable and SOFT , quiet sheets . It may be best to buy sheets in a store . I was going off of the mostly good reviews on these sheets .
 I saw the multitude of positive reviews and popularity of these sheets and thought I was safe to purchase them online . A month into using my king sheet set and I already know that I was wrong . The main flaw with this product that I have found is that the fitted sheet has already started to pill up , creating an unpleasant texture to snuggle into at the end of the day . The pillow cases and top sheet are holding up fine thus far -- but one would expect any product to hold up after a month of normal use . I am hoping to return these sheets and may just go down to a local Goodwill and see if there are any sheets there that I can give a good washing to and use . At least then I 'll know that they have been used without balling up . Quite disappointing . I 'd highly recommend looking for a different product .
 Read the reviews . Was hoping for a set of affordable , quality bed sheets like the set I got from Sears years ago that were recommended and I still have and use . But , no . Just average feel while being a little heavy .
 Looks great ... until the first wash . fitted sheet shrunk from a queen to a full size mattress !! Also , lost all its shine . Looks like a very cheap pair of sheets now . Washed in cold water and dried at low heat . are those disposable sheets ?
 Terrible quality . Too washings -LRB- in cold and dried on low heat -RRB- and the sheets have shrunk so much they do n't fit the bed !
 I know you should never depend on the colors shown on the computer , but when I ordered STONE sheets , what arrived was very cafe au lait . I was hoping for taupe with a lot of gray as the picture showed.Then I washed them , before I used them for the first time , and the seams fell apart.I ordered HONEY sheets and they turned out to be mustard colored.If I could give less than one star , I would .
 These sheets DO NOT feel like 600 thread count ! My old sheets are 400 and they feel much softer . I would not reccommend this product if you want soft sheets . They also barely fit on my bed .
 They pilled up and were rough after only the second washing . Definitely not satisfied with the quality .
 I was so excited to purchase the 600 TC Sateen sheets ! I could n't wait for them to arrive , wash them , and put them on my bed . Much to my disappointment , however , these sheets are anything from soft and comfortable . It was like sleeping on the cheapest hotel sheets you can imagine . I 've washed them at least a dozen times , using excessive amounts of fabric softener and dryer sheets to try and make them softer . I have not yet succeeded in that . The deal I got would have been impressive if only the sheets were worth what I paid . I would n't recommend these to anyone . Sorry .
 Despite this being a 600 thread count set , it only took three washes to start pilling . This should not happen with a set like this .
 The bottom sheet fits like a king size sheet at the foot of the mattress and is smaller at the top of the mattress . None of the corners line up nicely on my new pillow-top queen size mattress . Also , the elastic is very poor quality.The top sheet fits like a full-size sheet and barely covers a queen mattress . These sheets are poorly assembled . Very disappointed .
 Was excited for this item and have yet to use it but the color and quality look nice . Only problem is this order was for a 4-piece set
 I read the reviews before ordering and thought surely the bad reviews were just complainiers who would n't be satisfied with anything . But I must say these sheets are TERRIBLE ! They fit perfectly and were soft , but after the 2nd wash they are pilled up and feel like sandpaper . Am now using them to cover plants outside during a freeze .
 I 'm sorry but these are not sateen sheets . I have been buying sateen sheets for 15 years . They are getting harder to find so I was thrilled when I found this set for only $ 45 . When I got them , it was a major disappointment . They are not soft , at all -LRB- even after washing -RRB- . Also , like another reviewer said , the cafe color looks nothing like the picture . Wish I could return but that 's not an option since I washed them . Would not recommend . Stick with what you know and do n't fall for something that says high quality just because the price is good - lesson learned !
 I have never once posted a review for anything , ever , and I am a huge online shopper . When you first take these sheets out of the box they fee wonderful . After you wash them they are scratchy and made me feel itchy . True sheets of the quality this brand `` advertises '' feel great for a long time , this is not the case with this product . I feel that I wasted my money and would never advise someone to buy these sheets , go to Marshalls of TJ Maxx over buying this item .
 I bought these Sateen Sheets in hopes that it would be the smooth cool feel of sheets that you would get at a nice hotel . After numerous washes and fabric softener additions I realized that these sheets would never soften up and that I had made a poor purchase . If you want the soft feel of nice sheets I would not recommend these sheets . I bought Pure Beech Sateen Sheets from BBB and they were perfect right out of the box with one wash to make sure they were clean .
 I washed the sheets before I used them the first time , and I noticed that one of the seams on the pillow case was torn . After washing them a second time , a seam on the sheet also ripped.The material is nice . The workmanship , not so much !
 These sheets are very wrinkled and stiff after laundering . I would not purchase them again .
 First off , I hope no one who buys these sheets is particular about the color . `` Cafe '' turned out not to be a nice light brown , but a rather ugly mustard color . Fortunately , I do n't have good lighting in my bedroom , so it wo n't matter much , but the first thing I did was check to make sure I had n't been shipped the wrong color . Still , I 'm hoping the color fades - a lot - with washing . We 're talking 1970s mustard-yellow , here.Second , while the sheets seem reasonably soft , they are n't what I 'd expect for something that calls itself `` sateen . '' They 're coarser and of a somewhat lower quality than I anticipated , considering it 's a 600-thread count.All that said , it 's not bad for the price I paid of $ 41 for queen-sized sheets . I 'll use them ; I just wo n't expect them to last very long . I 'd give them two and a half stars if I could , but these sheets certainly do n't deserve three stars.UPDATE
 I was disappointed in 1 -RRB- The color was n't what I wanted , I wanted cafe brown , not gold ... 2 -RRB- The sheets do n't feel like they are 600-Thread countI would not buy these kind of sheets again.But there are okay . .
 If you have a regular maattress , beware of buying this sheeet set ! The corners of the fitted sheet are so deep that every night , they all come up from off the mattress , just from moving around .
 I was so excited to see that I could get a 600 count sheet set for the price I did . I always wash everything I buy before using the product . After washing , I put them on my bed and then I saw a part of the color had washed away . I also , found the sheet set to be very rough , not at all what a 600 count sheet should feel like . My husband even made a remark ; that the sheets felt like a tarp . My husband does n't make a remark on these types of things .
 I returned these sheets because they were not scratchy , not soft at all . The color was beautiful so I was very sad to have to send them back .
 Before I bought these sheets I had 300 thread count sheets . I was super excited about 600 thread count and that it said Sateen . When you think about Sateen you think soft , silky , and smooth . Well , I got none of those . These sheets feel like cardboard . My 300 thread count sheet are softer then these trash bags . IT STATES SATEEN , it 's actually a horrible cotton.Don ' t WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!!!
 I WAS SO EXCITED TO FIND THESE SHEETS AT SUCH AN AFFORDABLE PRICE ... I FINALLY SWITCHED OVER FROM JERSEY SHEETS LAST YEAR AND DISCOVERED 450 TC ... LOVED THEM ... SO NATURALLY I ASSUMED 600TC WOULD BE THAT MUCH BETTER ... BOY WAS I WRONG !! I DID N'T USE AS SOON AS RECEIVED ... AS I WAS SAVING FOR THE MOST OPTIMAL TIME -LRB- HAD BEEN `` RENOVATING '' MY BEDROOM -RRB- ... MY PARENTS WERE IN IMMEDIATE NEED OF EXTRA SHEETS AND I WAS HAPPY TO BE ABLE TO PROVIDE WHAT THEY HAD USED FOR YEARS -LRB- DID N'T USE ANY LESS TC -RRB- ... MY MOM IMMEDIATELY CALLED TO ADVISE THEY WERE LIKE SANDPAPER ... EVEN AFTER THE WASH. ... NEEDLESS TO SAY WHEN I RETURNED TO THEIR HOME THEY WERE REPACKAGED AND WAITING FOR ME TO TAKE THEM BACK ... THEY ARE NOW SITTING ... WAITING ... FOR ... I DO N'T KNOW WHAT ! DROP-CLOTH MAYBE ... I WOULD NOT6 SLEEP ON THEM ... OR MAKE ANYONE ELSE EITHER !!! I HAVE TO SAY MANY THUMBS DOWN FOR THIS PRODUCT ! **** THE COLOR HOWEVER IS BEAUTIFUL ... MORE OF A LIGHT GOLDEN HONEY !! VERY NICE !!! ****
 These sheets are nothing like what is described on this page . Cafe - not . They are a horrible gold . 600 thread count sateen - not . They are as stiff as cheap percale . This stiffness is what angers me the most . They feel like a really over-starched shirt , even after washing . I do n't buy high-thread count sheets for stiffness . I buy them for their softness . Do not buy these !
 This can NOT be 600 Thread Count . It is super thin and is not as soft as the $ 12.00 bed sheets I bought at Wal-Mart . The sheets look nice , but that is where it ends . Not happy paying so much money for poor quality .
 These sheets are awful !!! They are so rough and itchy . I washed them multiple times to see if they would get softer , but that was not the case . I am shocked that Amazon can sell theses claiming that they are 600 tc and sateen . I have a set of 500 tc that are so much softer and nicer than these . I could n't sleep on these for one night . They are so uncomfortable and made me break out in hives and made me itch all over . Worst sheets I have ever owned !!! Very disappointed in these sheets and in Amazon !
 We ordered cafe colored and it is actually a dark mustard yellow . Also the fabric is the kind that is always wrinkled even if you iron it . Not worth it at all .
 I thought these were the same as some other sheet that I ordered but they 're not . They 're much softer than my other ones of the same brand but after just a few weeks they started getting little fabric balls on them and became rough in certain sections . Wouldnt reccomend them at all .
 I previously wrote a good review for these sheets . However , after two weeks of use , I discovered a small hole in the fitted sheet - about 1/8 inch in diameter.I used an iron-on patch to fix it . Not worth the trouble of returning the sheets.First time I have ever encountered a hole in new sheets . Other than that , I like the sheets , but now would not buy them again .
 I bought a set of these sheets in Ivory and fell absolutely in love with them . They were beautiful , soft and snuggly . I liked them so much I bought a second set in Chocolate brown and they are TERRIBLE !!! They are rough and scratchy . I washed them twice , used fabric softener and still they were awful . I have gotten lots of stuff off Amazon and NEVER had a problem like this and never felt compelled to write a review , especially a negative one . Please buy these sheets with caution .
 We have a smaller mattress from Ikea that sits on the slats so these sheets ended up being so big I have a hard time putting them on the bed right without a few adjustments . Also they do not `` un wrinkle '' in the dryer at all . I am not one who irons my sheets if people even do that anymore . So they come out of the dryer a wrinkley mess .
 This fabric is soft and comfy , but the corner stitching on the fitted sheet -LRB- one corner , about 8 inches long -RRB- fell apart the first time I washed it . Also , the `` cafe '' color is much more of a dark mustard .
 Sorry but I bought these sheets on Amazon a few months ago and hesitated writing a review initially because I wanted to give them a &#34; break-in &#34; period and be fair.I have had smoother more Sateen feeling sheets from Sam 's club than these . Save your money and buy something else , these are rough , and do n't feel Sateen at all , -LRB- they would make decent curtains though -RRB- .
 Both top & fitted sheets shrunk quite a bit . Fitted sheet will no longer fit properly over the mattress . I quit using this set because it is so aggreviating !
 HORRBILE QUALITY ! PILLING !! THESE SHEETS ARE ATROCIOUS ! IT MAKES ME SAD THAT THEY ARE EVEN SOLD . NOT GOOD QUALITY AT ALL !
 I was so excited when I finally decided to buy these sheets after they had say on my wish list for months and months . I could n't wait for them to arrive . I tore open the box and immediately tossed them in the wash so I could use them that night . To my dismay , I crawled into bed that night and ended up tossing and turning all night long -LRB- odd for me on my Tempurpedic -RRB- all because of these stupid sheets . They 're hot , scratchy , and feel like crappy flannel mixed with sandpaper . It was actually kind of gross . These will be getting sent back ASAP . Ick .
 These may be 600TC , but they are very thin . Thinner and not as soft as my 310 TC Northern Nights set . The top sheet is also small . It comes untucked and my husband and I are constantly playing tug of war . Not fun . I 'll pay a little more and get Northern Nights via QVC from now on !
 These sheets , are not 100 % cotton as described ! The top sheet in my Queen size in Ivory clearly states on the tag that it is a cotton polyester blend ! If your looking for all-cotton sheets do n't buy these . They are nice for a blend , but I would have never bought them if not for the misleading product description . Due to the misleading description I 'm giving these sheets a zero rating , although you ca n't rank them less than one star . If I 'd wanted a poly blend I 'd have rated them much higher .
 I purchased these sheets and they looked very nice out of package until I looked on the tags sewn inside to wash . The only sheet that is 100 % cotton is the bottom sheet . The top sheet and 2 pillowcases are 60 % cotton and 45 % polyester . Has anyone else looked at the tags sewn inside to see if this is the same in your set ? I do not know if I got a mismatched set but the RN number on the bottom of each tag states it is made in India and the RN number is the same on each tag - just the tags state cotton blend on everything except the fitted sheet . Please let me know if you have come across this . I do not know if I should exchange or find another set .
 I purchased two sets of these sheets in chocolate brown six months ago . When I received these sheets I was pleased that they were large enough to fit my bed easily . I change my sheets weekly so with two sets they have been washed twice a month for 6 months and with each washing they have shrunk and putting them on the bed has become more and more difficult until yesterday when I could n't stretch the bottom sheet far enough to get it on the bed at all and the top sheet barely covers the top of the bed . The sheets are now in the trash .
 I think I will stick with buying sheets at Marshall 's or other outlet type stores . The color is way too gold for my taste and my decor , and they are not at all soft . Making a live purchase allows you to feel -- although pre-washed linens can be deceiving , and check the real color . I am happy that they are oversize , I have a big mattress , but that is really the only thing I like about these sheets . In fact I am not even happy that they are heavy duty , I would love for them to wear out sooner so I can justify purchasing a new set .
 If you never wash these , they 're fine . If you do have to ever wash them , buy an iron . ARGHHHHH . I wish I had a better product .
 These sheets look nice and were quite soft after the second wash , but after the third wash and approximately a month of use , they began to pill all over . They now look and feel cheap . I 'm very disappointed because I have purchased similarly priced 600 thread-count sheets on Amazon before that lasted for many years before wearing out . I feel ripped off .
 These sheets are of good quality material , but after opening them we noticed a one inch diameter stain -LRB- possibly a blood stain -RRB- on the fitted sheet . We needed this sheet immediately , so we laundered it with various stain-removers . The stain remains . The question is ... how could a &#34; new &#34; sheet have a stain on it . I would not buy from this vendor again .
 I 'm SO disappointed that the bottom sheet did n't fit when I got these sheets . I 've put off buying nice sheets because of the cost , but I finally took the plunge . When I put the bottom sheet on my 14 '' mattress -LRB- supposed to have 16 '' pockets and fit up to 18 '' -RRB- , I could n't get it over the one of the corners . I tugged and tugged and barely got it over the top of the pillow top but I know it will pop off when I lay on it . I love the feel and weight of the sheets , but I 'm so disappointed the bottom sheet does n't fit . I would return them , but it 's such a hassle because I do n't have the original box and do n't have time to box it up to send back . I may change my mind if I get too aggravated with it popping off . The top sheet and pillow cases are just fine . Why do n't they have better quality control ????
 I read several reviews . Stick to buying items like this in the store , it will be alot less hassle for returns , I washed them and dryed them on low , them were so wrinkled but the best part is they do not even fit the queen bed . I bought the ones with deep pockets . Also , they came out of the dryer very rough to the touch .
 Quite simply , sheets began significant pilling after only one wash . Thank goodness Amazon accepts returns . Not sure if we just got a defective set or what , but they were awful .
 I usually have great success with the products I purchase through Amazon . This product was an extreme disappointment . I washed these sheets exactly as recommended and I could barely stretch the fitted sheet across my mattress . If they shrink anymore in future washings , they will not fit at all . Unfortunately , I washed both sets that I purchased before I tried one set on the bed . I will now have to purchase sheets again very soon .
 The sheets themselves are ok , -LRB- not that soft for 600 , but not falling apart -RRB- . The color however was not at all what I was expecting . I ordered the `` cafe '' color expecting brown , however the color of the sheets that came in packaging marked as `` cafe '' was an awful deep goldish-tan , not at all brown . Very colorful , but not in a good way -LRB- at least not when you are expecting something brown -RRB- and not in the way the sheets were advertised at all . I do n't know if they screwed up and gave me the `` honey '' color , but the color was very dark - so when looking at the picture look at the top pillowcases - not the sheets below that seem to be more pale in the picture .
 Although I rather liked the stiff quality of the sheets - reminded me of sheets that have been hung to dry outside - my fitted sheet ripped at two of the corner seams within about three washings . No , I do n't have all that deep a mattress and no , I did n't pull all that hard on the corners . They just are n't very durable . I have another pair from Costco - same thread count - and they 're much better made .
 Do n't be like me , READ the Reviews on this item ! Sheets are of a lesser quality than i expected ! the fabric pills after just a few washes ! DO NOT BUY THESE SHEETS !
 Do n't believe this 600-thread-B.S. After one wash -LRB- and I do mean O-N-E -RRB- , the glossy finish was gone and I was left with nothing short of card board . It 's extremely dissapointing b/c I opened the package and felt the smooth , cool to the touch , softness of the material and was really excited to put them on . But now they 're so stiff , cheap walmart sheets feel like silk in comparison . Sadly , some of you might still give these sheets the benefit of doubt with all the good reviews it 's got going for it . I just hope you have softer water than me , cause my sheets are unbearable .
 First off I bought these sheets knowing they were cheap for a king sheet set -LRB- I got the chocolate ones for $ 40-ish -RRB- . That said , I would n't even pay $ 20 for these sheets . They are terrible.The word `` sateen '' should n't even be included ! Sateen is supposed to be like faux Satin ... well these are so not like that . They have a slight , if you look away quickly , sheen to them ... but they are in NO WAY sateen . They seem to be of high quality -LRB- thick and strong -RRB- . I contacted Amazon after getting the first set because after washing them , they were hard , stiff , wrinkled and crunchy ! They were awful . I washed them just as directed and they came out terrible.I contacted the customer support department and very promptly had an email informing me they had shipped another set out with one-day delivery . Not exactly what I meant when I emailed them asking what could be done -LRB- because I had washed them already and thrown all packaging away -RRB- . So I returned the first set -LRB- without packaging -RRB- . The 2nd set are of course -LRB- as I expected -RRB- exactly the same.The color is nice.The look is quite nice -LRB- although not sateen , I like the look of them -RRB- . BUT that is it!Not a good buy at all .
 These sheets are nothing special . I have bought the same thing at a local odd-lot store . The color is completely misrepresented in the Amazon color swatch . I thought the TEAL was so pretty that I could n't wait to get them . I had to wait three weeks and when they arrived the color was a faded GREY-GREEN -LRB- Sage Green -RRB- and not TEAL at all . Too heavy to send back . The sheets are thin and soft , 600 thread count is meaningless . They must just make the threads smaller to fit 600 in a square inch . Save your money and buy from a real store where you can see and feel them before you buy .
 These are the most versitile sheets on the market . They are bulletproof , rough and can be used for collecting leaves in the yard , painting drop cloth , and other heavy industrial uses . I can imagine wet they could cut through steel too . Also sandpaper , 100 grit or emery paper to sand down pipes or deburr copper pipesYou can sleep on them too , and if someone tries to shoot you while you sleep these sheets will probably stop a .45 round at close range . Soft ? Hell no , we do n't need soft . These sheets are so hard they probably will be used to line hulls of the new battleships.Get the picture ?
 I just ca n't fathom all these positive reviews ... the reviews gave me the confidence to buy the sheets , and after carefully washing in cold water and a cool dry , they came out thick , stiff , and scratchy . They 're just not smooth and soft at ALL -- after washing a couple times . What a disappointment . How in the world is this `` sateen ? ''
 The sheets were soft straight out of the package and I decided to follow the washing instructions . The end result was an extremely rough set of sheets that were horribly stiff . My previous set of sheets was a cheap 200tc set from Walmart -LRB- yeah , Walmart ... -RRB- until I could get decent sheets for my new bed and they were way softer than these sheets . Terrible , terrible sheets . Steer clear of these . I thought with 500 reviews and 4/5 stars they could n't be that bad . I was wrong . I still have the unwashed pillowcases and the difference between the two is like night and day . They also say sateen ... but they sure as heck do n't look/feel like it.I would n't recommend these sheets to anyone .
 This purchase is disappointing . Sheets are stiff for sateen and the color is not true to the advertisement on line . Cafe looks more gold ; not an attractive color .
 Hello there , Im writing a review about 4 months after purchasing this product . First off when I got these sheets they were great ... had that nice thick 600 thread feeling . These sheets were purchased so I could trade out my other ones for these ones in case I did n't have time to get washed and put on immediately.After about 8-10x washing I noticed a piling up of the fabric ! This was very frustrating cause I know that 600 Thread count sheets should n't do that ! I can not stand feeling that piling of the fabric while sleeping.So please take as a helpful hint because I wish I had listened to other peoples similar reviews . I just passed by thinking what a great Deal being only $ 50 -LRB- which I noticed now they are $ 60 ! -RRB- and reading other peoples great reviews . -LRB- which I think they did the review right when they got the sheets and not after some washing -RRB-
 These sheets are not what they promised . Already pilling after one wash . They are not as soft as you are lead to believe .
 THESE SHEETS APPEAR TO BE VERY GOOD QUALITY AND FEEL VERY NICE , BUT THEY DO NOT FIT DEEP POCKET MATTRESSES AS INDICATED . I HAVE A SLEEP NUMBER BED , AND HAVE NEVER HAD A PROBLEM WITH SHEETS FITTING UNTIL THESE .
 The color of these sheets is Gold , not cafe or any shade of tan or brown as shown in the photo . Totally unacceptable . Returned them .
 I received my sheets last week . I washed them , according to package instructions , and was prepared for a good night sleep . To my dismay , the sheets were not comfortable . I like my sheet 's soft . I tossed all night . I noticed some of the previous reviews stated the sheets were a little on the thick side , but I thought it would n't be a problem for me . I was wrong . Last year I ordered sheets from Amazon -LRB- Pinzon 500 thread count egyptian Sateen -RRB- and I loved them !! They are my favorite set . I 've been waiting on the chocolate color Pinzon sheets to go on sale -LRB- currently it 's over $ 100 dollars ! -RRB- but I got tired of waiting and decided to try this set instead . I should have waited . Save your money , buy the Pinzon sheets . You wo n't be dissappointed .
 I purchased a Queen set in white over a month ago and waited until I laundered them multiple times before submitting a review . I tried the set on my mattress before washing to make sure they fit ; the fitted bottom sheet was large , fit easily over my 12 '' thick mattress -LRB- with mattress pad , electric mattress pad and feather topper -RRB- . However , after several washings they are difficult to stretch over the mattress ... they still fit but it 's a struggle . The top flat sheet was too narrow before washing . It 's acceptable but wish it would have hung down a little more . FYI
 This is a white , queen-sized set . Made in China . Washed as directed before using . Came out extremely wrinkled . Numerous small wrinkles that seem set in . Fabric is stiff and rustles audibly . Top sheet is too narrow . Have washed it several times since with fabric softener . No real help . The set will be put away and saved for emergencies . Very displeased . It seems that products like this are supplied by various factories from various countries with little attempt at consistent quality control . Well , the set was inexpensive , but really not a bargain .
 The sheets wrinkle terrible . What else can I say ?? It 's has if I rolled them up in a ball ...
 Nowhere near as soft as a true 600 count sheet set should be . Second , the color did not match the photo . Third , it looked to be of poor quality coming out of the dryer for the first time . A waste of money .
 These sheets were great at first but they quickly started pilling after just a few washes . We have had the sheets for about six weeks and they are very uncomfortable .
 I received my Renaissance Collection 600-Thread-Count Cotton Sateen Queen Sheet Set , Cafe , but there was a big problem . One side of the flat sheet was frayed , and one corner of the fitted sheet was torn !
 I purchased 2 sets of these sheets in different colors . The fitted sheets are too SMALL to fit over my mattress ! I washed them before trying them on my queen size bed . Maybe I should have tried them on the mattress first . This has never happened to me before so I did n't think anything of it . Also , they look like the most wrinkled mess you will ever pull out of your dryer ! I am so mad that I am stuck with two sets of these . On the bright side I guess I can use the 2 non-fitted sheets to make my bed . One will have to `` act '' as a fitted sheet on the bottom . They are a bit rough feeling ... not what I would expect for the thread-count , but I have n't slept on them yet . What a waste of money ! I gave this product 1 star because the colors are pretty . That 's it ... otherwise they suck .
 I ordered these on December 5 and now Xmas has come and gone , and still no sheets . Thanks for nothing , literally . Do n't buy these sheets -- they will put a damper on your Xmas if you do . God , this sucks .
 600 TH bed sheets - I responded TWICE with the vendor when they erroneously put my request as KING instead of QUEEN . I gave the sheets away , and will not do business with them again . They had plenty of time to rectify this situation , since I made sure they knew King was the wrong size before they shipped and still ignored my request .
 Expected to get a coffee colored or latte colored sheet from the description and they are ugly gold . Feel good but color is completely misrepresented .
 When I 1st received these sheets they felt exactly as they should , soft , satin like . Unfortunately , upon washing , the wrinkled up -LRB- that I can handle -RRB- , but became so scratchy , I could n't sleep on them . I got up in the middle of the night and changed sheets!I guess I expected something more from 600 thread count and sateen .
 These sheets are not soft like other egyptian cotton sheets I own , even after a few washes . I do not recommend them !
 I washed these sheets and when I put the top sheet on the bed , I noticed several holes in the top sheet . For gosh sakes , where was the quality control on this item ??
 These sheets looked so nice in the packaging . I always wash sheets , etc. before using them so I washed them as I do my other sheets and they came out of the dryer so wrinkled that there is no way I would recommend them . I am now in the process of seeing if I can return them even though I have washed them.Renaissance 600-Thread-Count Cotton Sateen Queen Sheet Set , Ivory
 These sheets are advertised as `` Sateen '' and they are anything but . Even after gentle washing , cool drying and fabric softener , they remain rough to the touch . Plus , they wrinkle terribly ! A `` dog '' of a prioduct .
 Not happy with purchase . This sheetset does not feel like it is 600 thread count . Am disappointed with purchase . Will stick to CostCo next time .
 I purchased this item twice . The first time I had to return it because the top sheet was way too short for our bed . They replaced it , but after several washings , the top sheet barely fits our bed .
 I ordered these a few months back . I have washed them a few times and they feel scratchy . The fitted sheet barely fits on our queen bed . I do n't think they are horrible , just would n't buy again . Hope this helps !
 It seems strong , durable and possibly soft after a few washes , but it has n't gotten soft ! I purchased these 7 months ago and have been using them almost entirely ! They are scratchy , wrinkles like crazy -LRB- normally I do n't care , but this is ridiculous -RRB- and on my husband 's side it pilled so badly I want to take a sweater shaver to it . Do n't waste your money ! Very disappointed !
 I can not reconcile my experience with these sheets with all the positive reviews out there unless there is a great variability in quality between sizes/colors . I bought the queen set in chocolate . When I got them I thought the color looked very nice . I washed them and they fit on the bed fine . Those are the only good things I can say about them . They are very rough and scratchy . My husband calls them the sandpaper sheets . After only two washes -LRB- as per instructions -RRB- , the color was running out in huge patches , and continues to get worse each wash . Fresh out of the dryer they are incredibly wrinkled and seem to pick up ever piece of residual lint . In short , they are uncomfortable and look terrible . I was waiting to see if they would get softer after multiple washes but I think they are a lost cause . I guess sheets are just one of those things you have to buy in a store .
 At first I thought this was a great deal on very nice , high thread count sheet set . However I guess you get what you pay for because after the second wash , the entire sheet set pilled up . I read a few other reviews saying this ... my sheet set was ivory , perhaps the white does n't pill ?? I was very careful to wash according to the instructions on the label ! Now after the 4th wash these sheets feel like sand paper and will have to be replaced soon . My previous sheet set lasted for 6 years without any pilling , this manufacturing is sub-par . Perhaps I got 40 dollars of value from them , but I can NOT recommend these sheets at all , unless it 's for a kid 's halloween costume or to use as a drop-cloth . Terrible product .
 I was disapointed in these sheets and pillow cases . When I first opened them they looked great . After 1 washing the finish was no longer there . I would not buy them again.Renaissance 600 Thread Count 100 % Cotton Sateen Queen Sheet Set , WhiteRenaissance 600 Thread Count 100 % Cotton Sateen Queen Sheet Set , White
 While these sheets feel great , on the first wash the color bled . A lot ! The bleeding continues with each wash . These sheets now have giant colorless blotches all over them . They were always laundered per instruction . They are only a few months old and they are useless .
 Yes , I have had the problem so many other reviewers have had with these sheets . My fault for not reading the reviews before I bought them ! I have washed them about 10 times to try and get some of the stiffness out of them and they are like a board still . Tried the fabric softener trick too and it did n't help at all . Tried to send them back after 30 days -LRB- of washing and hoping that they would get better -RRB- and got the fabulous Amazon message that they would give me 50 % of my money back ! Guess I should not have kept hoping they would get less stiff . I am not kidding , sandpaper is more comfortable to sleep on . We took them off in the middle of the night they were so bad ! Do n't buy these sheets -- it has been 3 months of washing them -LRB- and not sleeping in them -RRB- and I still ca n't use them .
 I loved these sheets when I first received them and would have written a glowing review then . However , now that I have washed them twice there is no sheen to them and every single inch on them is pilled . They look terrible but I have n't slept on them yet since they pilled so I do n't know how that will feel . Hopefully it wo n't be noticeable . No one sees these sheets other than me and my husband , but I am very disappointed with these considering I 've had cheaper sheet sets for 8 years that have n't reacted this way . By the way , I ordered the set in chocolate and it is a nice color if brown is what you want . Maybe it 's possible that certain colors pill and some do n't ? I have read other reviews that people said their sheets pilled also .
 I do n't think that these sheets are truly 600 thread count . They are no where near as soft as other sheets that I have that are 600 thread count . I have washed them twice now hoping that they will soften up ... let 's keep our fingers crossed .
 I bought the chocolate Renaissance sheets . They are the worse sheets that I have ever purchased . They are rough and very wrinkled after washing . I ca n't imagine they are 600 thread count . I have purchased better quality sheets at the big box stores .
 I purchased what I thought were the same sheets last year . They were thick and very well made . But these sheets suck . After only a week or two they 've started to pill , plus they are not thick like the ones we purchased last time . 600 count is very inaccurate . I DO NOT RECOMMEND !
 Was thrilled with such nice sheets for such a good price of $ 39.99 . We bought them as a spare set of sheets and after two uses and two washes , the fitted sheet got tiny holes in it . Time to get out the mending set . Definately not recommended to purchase !
 I was pleasantly surprised with the speed at which it was delivered . Feels very soft and thick.The only disadvantage and it makes the set useless for us is that the fitted sheet is a couple of inches smaller than the standard queen size mattress . So I would n't buy this again nor would I recommend it to anyone .
 The color was not at all what I expected , either from the picture or the word -LRB- Cafe -RRB- used to describe it ; instead , the sheets were a light gold . Also , I expect sateen sheets to be smooth and silky , especially with this thread count , and these were stiff and uncomfortable . They actually crunch when you move around in them . This is the last time I buy something like this online ; from now on , I 'm not buying sheets unless I can see and feel them first .
 These sheets are the worse I have ever bought . They left an enormous amout of lint in the dryer , they came out horribly wrinkled and they did n't fit the king sized bed properly .
 For this price , I expected a pretty high end set of sheets ... one that was fairly soft , and fit well . With these , I got neither . Not only do these feel `` cheap '' and thin , they 're not soft at all , even after three washings . Additionally , although I ordered Queen size sheets and do not have an overly thick mattress , it almost took an act of Congress to get the final corner onto the mattress . I can tell just by this first experience that they are n't sized properly , and that after a few uses , the elastic is going to be complete stretched out . Do yourself a favor and do n't buy these . Go to Target and get their 600-count Egyptian sheets ... which is what I wish I had done to begin with .
 I 've been using 600 + count sheets now for over 7 years and I ordered these considering the many positive reviews . I ordered King and I have to say that they are rough not soft ! They are not comfortable at all . I am going to wash them a few more times and hopefully they get softer the more I wear them in .
 I was not happy with the color of these sheets . The quality was also questionable . When I washed these sheets , the color faded and they became very wrinkly and messy . All in all , I would say these were not my best purchase .
 I used to work for a store that sold basic to luxury bedding . THIS is a clear example of one can be mislead by all the great reviews . I have a couple sets of Sateen sheets . Specifically polyester sateen sheets . I 'm not exaggerating when I say they are amazingly silky smooth and soft . I 've been having difficulty finding similar sheets as the store from which I originally purchased my sheets no longer sells sateen sheets.So , after a search on amazon , I found these sheets with so many five star reviews , I thought `` well this MUST be a good product '' . I was wrong . Now for more perspective , I 'm not the only one that 's commented on the great quality of my sateen sheets . Everyone that feels my sheets comments about the smoothness and softness . When I opened the package for these `` Elite '' , `` collection '' sheets , I was shocked at how rough and cheap the sheet felt . Let me put it to you this way , I 've been to cheap motels that have better sheets than these . I would feel bad having a guest sleep on these sheets , much less myself . Again , I 'm not exaggerating . These sheets are poor quality . I truly feel like I was ripped off.My sateen sheets were purchased for just under $ 50.00 . This product I 'm reviewing costs twice as much after shipping . I 'm still at a loss as to how so many great reviews have been placed on such a poor quality product . It just goes to show that you ca n't rely on customer reviews . Better to search for professional opinions on a product , THEN search for it on amazon if you wish , or elsewhere .
 The Sheets I recieved were missized . I ordered the King Set . When they arrived i took them out , washed and dried them and proceeded to make up my bed only to discover that the fitted sheet was a Queen !!!!!!!!
 I do n't know what 's happening with Amazon , but of the four items I ordered on March 3 , I have received ONE of them so far ... One book has yet to be sent out , and the two others , including this item , have supposedly been sent out but I have yet to receive them ... And Amazon keeps on telling me to give it a few more days before contacting them again ! So , I guess this one star review is less about the item than it is about the terribly slow service of Amazon ... Stay tuned about the product itself , if and when it 's ever received !
 I ordered this set for my king sized bed and cafe -LRB- which is coffee in French -RRB- turns out to be a gold/yellow color . The the photo on the site it looks more like a taupe but I was wrong . Even my husband asked why I bought `` gold '' sheets to go with our brown/blue comforter set -LRB- which does not go at all -RRB- . I still ended up keeping this set as we only ordered one set of sheets for our new bed so far . The sheets feel soft and I have no complaints there other then the color is totally off . If I order another set it will be the dark brown set .
 I bought these sheets a few months ago and they have already started to pill . They are now very uncomfortable . I was not very satisfied when I first received them because they felt thin and more like a tee shirt than cotton sheets , but now I am very unsatisfied because they have not held up at all .
 When I received the sheets , they were the right color , and they felt really soft , but after washing them -LRB- following the instructions on the tag -RRB- they shrunk and lost almost all of their softness . I am not happy with my purchase . Next time I 'll just stick with a brand I trust .
 The sheets slept very hot , so I did n't use them for more than a couple of days . When I went to wash them , one of the pillow-cases ripped .
 This is the last time I will EVER buy sheets that are not made in the USA . These are from India . After unboxing , leaving the package on the table for 2 days I unzipped the plastic , removed them from the casing -LRB- king size so there was a lot of fabric -RRB- and saw what looked like black grease spots on the top -LRB- dress -RRB- part of the top sheet and on one pillow case -LRB- they are WHITE sheets -RRB- . My husband had already thrown the packaging material away so I tried to use a spot remover product before washing them . The grease -LRB- magic marker ? -RRB- spots did not come out and they are so wrinkled after washing that I will have to iron them . It 's been a while since I have bought sheets and thought these would be nice , 600 ct. , nothing feels quality about them . Heavy , wrinkled . Really my first bad experience with Amazon products but I wo n't forget .
 After 1 month of use these sheets started piling . At 600TC I would have expected these to be much softer . Overall very disappointed . I will not be buying this brand again .
 I 've only owned these sheets for two weeks and they are already headed toward the trash . We loved them when we first received them , but now they are starting to show wear and form bumps all over . Very disapointing .
 I doubled checked the product info . and low and behold it 's not what it states.The fitted sheet can not fit a 10 '' deep mattress . It said the pockets are 16 '' deep , and it does n't fit very well . We also found that the flat sheet has a flaw in the stitching but it was discovered too late . If you buy this product open the package and check it before use .
 These sheets were great when they arrived , I was happy with the color , and they were really soft . I rotate between them and another set of sheets each week , so these were actually only used about 6 weeks -LRB- 6 washings -RRB- before the fitted sheet was pilled so bad that it became rough and uncomfortable . The color also became very patchy and spotted after a few washings . I would not buy this brand again , or recommend it to anyone .
 I ordered the sheets based on the image on the listing which made it look like a light shade of brown . The actual sheets that arrived -LRB- the color name was `` Cafe '' -RRB- were a darker brown with a gold/yellowish hue to them and i was very disappointed . I never opened the package to check the quality of the material ... they seemed very nice , i was just disappointed by the color and ended up returning them .
 These arrived at our house on the 12th of Oct. and have only lasted for a month , they were very smooth and soft to begin with but now they are very rough .
 The sheets feel nice and are functional . Yay ... But they are more golden than mocha . Either they switched it on us and did n't tell us or the company has a very bad photographer working for them . Either way it just is n't worth the effort of shipping them back and going through that hassle , so whatever . Buying things online is always a risk .
 These sheets seemed to be awesome at first use . After sleeping on them , however , there is significant pilling after only a short use . I loved them when I bought them , but now feel otherwise . I would not recommend these sheets .
 did not come in original package , but seemed to be opened and not by us . The sheets still do not fit the bed .
 Bottom -LRB- fitted -RRB- sheet is very difficult to put on . Sheet is barely large enough to fit on mattress , and elastic far too tight to stretch over four corners . I have been using them for several months , thinking the elastic would stretch - it has NOT.Unfortunately I purchased two sets and both have the same issue .
 Ridiculously stiff sheets and definitely feels NOTHING like sateen sheets . Even after washing with fabric softener still did not help .
 I recently received these sheets and as soon as I opened the box I could tell that the sheets were n't the color in the description or in the picture on Amazon . I ordered the ivory queen-size sheet set and what I received -LRB- though it says ivory on the package -RRB- is more like beige or tan . My understanding has always been that ivory is off-white but this is at least 2-3 shades darker than that . I 'll be sending these back .
 These sheets are not soft . They are grainy feeling . I have washed them with lots of softener and that did not help . They are also thin . It is my fault for not paying attention . These are NOT Egyptian cotton .
 Not soft at all . Have had cheap sheets that are softer than these . The 500 thread count I got from Macy 's were a much better product .
 These sheets are awful . They are very scratchy and not comfortable at all . Disappointing since I 've bought Renaissance sheets in the past and been happy with them . I will not be buying these again .
 Gave to my MIL for christmas . She could n't stand them because they were so scratchy . I brought home and washed twice with vinegar , drying sheets , etc but they are still very wrinkly and harsh . Put on the bed and had to change it in the middle of the night . I would NOT recommend
 I love the look and feel of these sheets , they are of great quality . They are not , however , large enough to fit on a queen size mattress . I would have returned them , but I am a single guy , and I thought maybe after a wash or two they would stop bending my mattress so I threw the packaging away . It 's probably my fault for not returning them immediately , but I would buy them again if they actually fit because I love the way they feel . If you buy them hang on to the packaging and do not hesitate to send them back if they do n't fit immediately !
 The title says it all in a concise manner . Sateen sheets are intended to be soft to the touch and are very dissimilar to the sateen sheets my friend purchased in a bedding store . After feeling the coarse rough-feeling nature I quickly noticed a large 3cm x 3cm -LRB- large -RRB- hole in the middle of the main bedding sheet through it 's folded portion - meaning numerous large holes in different areas.Although there are many products I purchase on Amazon that are worth their price , these are no more impressive than most of the 400-thread cotton sheets I considered purchasing in the store . Perhaps , these sheets are vastly more comfortable to the touch after washing , but they certainly are not a bargain for the quality upon initial opinion.I hope your purchase experience was/is better .
 I was really hoping for some soft sheets . These are n't very soft . I washed them 10 times trying to get them soft enough to sleep on . They are a tad better , but not near as soft as I would like . Hopefully they will get softer with time , because I already threw away the packaging or I would have returned them .
 I had high hopes for these sheets as they were 600 thread count for a good price - I guess you get what you pay for ! I owned them for only a week and very quickly returned them to Amazon - after they were washed I could not get the wrinkles out - I followed the recommendations and even ironed them - all to no avail . I would highly suggest that you do not waste your time or money buying them unless you like the wrinkled , dishevelled look . I would give these sheets no stars if I could !
 I was thoroughly disappointed in both the sheets and Amazon . Firstly , these sheets are NOT 100 % cotton ; they are in fact 55 % cotton and 45 % polyester . Secondly , Amazon clearly has not done sufficient quality control to catch the misrepresentation . I might have gotten past the fact that they are n't 100 % cotton because they felt so nice coming out of the packaging , but once washed , they had lost a lot of their softness and no longer seemed appealing at all . Do n't waste your money ; you will be disappointed !
 these sheets are terrible , you might as well buy the $ 20 ikea sheets . 100 % cotton ? , sure maybe , sateen weave ? definitely not ... save your money cause this is n't a steal
 ... AFTER A FEW WASH , IT LOOKS LIKE A 100 YEAR OLD GRANDMOTHER ! ! THE QUALITY IS SO BAD ... SO . . SO CHEAP , IT DOSENT FIT MY KING SIZE BED , I USE VERY LOW HEAT . . STILL
 I 'm disappointed in the sheet set . Yes , they are well made and fit my King nicely . However , to me , `` Sateen '' means soft and silky sheets , especially with a 600 thread count . The set is not soft on the skin and feels more like sandpaper . I am going to try washing & drying them a dozen times to get to the `` sateen '' stage .
 Got these and when I opened I thought they were a bit rough . Washed and then washed again . I feel like I am back to my college days when I was n't concerned about thread count and got the cute sheets . Swear these feel like a 200 thread count sheet . I like the color and hope they soften more with washings .
 What I love about these sheets
 If you like sheets that pill and wrinkle after a few days these are for you !! I could have spent $ 10 at Wal Mart and got better sheets than this ! I thought I 'd give them another chance after sleeping on them a few nights and got a razor and shaved the sheets then washed them according to the care instructions . After 4 nights they started to get little fuzzies again . I 'm working with Amazon to get a refund .
 This seems like a serviceable unit in other respects , but the gradual wake-up feature starts at a loud level and becomes excruciating -LRB- at least for me -RRB- . The reason I purchased this clock was so that I could have an alarm go off without waking my wife . That 's just not possible with this unit . Otherwise seemed OK , but not useful for me so I returned it .
 Although I like this clock , there is a defect with auto-dimming feature , which gradually causes it to dim completely at night . I 've returned and bought 3 different times and they all have this problem . Also , if alarm sounds and no one is home , it will continue to beep forever.I do like the big buttons and the big display .
 I bought this clock radio for the large display -LRB- nice -RRB- and supposedly good reception . The reception is awful , and I can not tune into two of my favorite stations , which my husband is able to get on his bedside radio . I have tried everything
 The reason I 'm looking at alarm clocks today is because this one let me down . I 've had it for 4 years , and it stopped working today . I set my alarm , and it just did n't go off . I checked , rechecked - no , it 's not set to PM instead of AM - it 's a faulty clock . Very strange.The ` forward ' time set button stopped working two weeks ago - now it can only be set in reverse . `` Not a big deal , '' I thought , `` as long as the alarm still works . `` I 've grown to assume that consumer electronics have a finite lifespan , so this was really no surprise . Then I mentioned it to a co-worker , and he said he 's had the same alarm clock since 1988 . My parents have had the same alarm clock since 1981 . Anyway , if you want to buy an alarm clock every 4 years , this should be your top choice . If not , look elsewhere .
 Another dissatisfied customer . The auto-dimmer fades out completely at night and the regular display is so bright that it wakes me up at night . Also while the gradual volume increase on the alarm feature technically works , it starts off pretty load to begin with , jarring me out of sleep . Looks like I need to find a new alarm clock ...
 The dimmer problem identified by other reviewer is a real problem , but the REAL problem is the arrangement of buttons on the top of the clock ... the OFF button is just to the left of the SNOOZE bar and both are pushbuttons -LRB- different sizes , but same type of mechanism -RRB- , meaning it is far to easy too actually shut the alarm off rather than getting a 9 minute reprieve . This is a horrible design - and the designer ought to be fired . I 've actually been assigned the task -LRB- by the wife -RRB- to go get a new clock .
 Bought it because of the dual alarm and auto dimmer features which worked well . Overall , the radio not very intuitive to operate . Now I am digging out the warranty policy for a problem with the radio ... IT WO N'T TURN OFF !! It came on in the middle of the day and the hitting the `` OFF '' button will not turn it off . Even tried unplugging the unit all day and the radio was still on after plugging it back in . I 'm quite sure that it has only been 11 months since it was purchased , I will try to find my receipt . Is it worth it to ship it back for a replacement ? We will see how GE handles it .
 This CD clock radio is well set up with easy to use buttons and controls . It 's too bad it is so poorly built . The CD alarm feature stopped working in less than a month . The CD player is very noisy and makes scraping noises . The unit is well designed but is very disappointing from a quality standpoint . It makes me wonder about all RCA products now . It certainly makes me wonder why RCA would put such a poor quality product on the market . Apparently , they have little concern for quality . Do n't let the nice appearance of the product fool you . It is not worth your hard earned money .
 this thing had all the features I was looking for , but after using the cd player I noticed that a significant portion of my CDs would start scraping against the plastic sides due to poor design . while it did n't damage the CDs , it was quite irritating to hear that scraping noise . the sound is n't very good either , but that 's to be expected of clock radio cd players .
 I used the CD wake up for less than a week and it stopped working . It would n't even play a CD by just pressing the play button . I returned it and will not purchase this brand of CD clock radio again , even though I REALLY liked everything else about this clock .
 The analog dial prevents you from entering several radio stationfrequencies into -LRB- the non-existent -RRB- memory . Consequently , shouldyou or your bedroom consort awaken to a radio-alarm -LRB- buzzer off -RRB- , you are at the MERCY of both the radio station selected beforeyou went to sleep and also the DJ who happens to be on the air atthe moment when you return to earth with the DJ 's music selection -LRB- who wants to arise to sounds of a commercial or depressing songor a sad news announcement ? -RRB- . What you need/want is a DIGITAL dial -LRB- not analog -RRB- , so as to havethe ability to -- pinpoint tune into a particular frequency -- enter a series of favorite -LRB- or less offensive -RRB- radio stationsinto the radio 's memory -- switch stations from a currently nasty/irritating broadcast toanother preset memory selection -LRB- which you can not do w / analog ! -RRB- . N.B.
 Do not buy this if you are planning to wake up to CDs or play CDs in your bedroom . It must be made with cheap optics because every CD plays as if it is scratched . All other functions work fine , but for the price , it should play flawlessly . Also , it is difficult to tune stations with the analog tuner . Your money is better spent on another product .
 I 've had this clock for about a year , and wonder why I have n't thrown it into a wall yet - or better yet , into the trash . Initially it worked as it was supposed to . Then , after a few months , it decided it would only play a certain few of my CDs . I thought I could live with that . Wrong . Now it plays the first track on the CD as it 's supposed to , but after that , only whirrs and grinds futilely as it tries in vain to find a next random track to play . But it is NOT set on Random Play . It should simply play the next track on the CD , not seek a random track . If you want to be awakened by constant annoying , electronic buzzing and grinding , then this is the clock for you . Too bad the Amazon review system requires that I give this at least one star . I 'd rather give it none . I think I 'll go toss mine in the trash right now .
 My Mom and Dad bought this radio for their bedroom.When we first got it , it worked great!But , sometimes , the CD Player wo n't even play , or will play some tracks , and not others . -LRB- The CD Player will only work when it wants to . -RRB- The Tuner tunes in fine in Stereo Sound.I like it , but I 'm thinking of returning it !
 I recently bought this alarm clock liking the features but the negatives quickly overpowered the positives . First off the cd playing function was not great . I would wake up to it trying to load the disk rather then play it . And the wake to a certain track just never worked . However the one thing that I despised was when I 'd hit snooze it would flash the track
 I 'm a bit lost with this clock . I bought it for the NAP feature as I loved the one on my previous clock . Low and behold , the manual does not even mention the feature , let alone how to set it . The box has the NAP function shown on the front , the RCA website shows the NAP function in the specs sheet , but the online manual is missing those instructions . I have been waiting over two weeks for a response from RCA.com . This weekend , it 's back to the store with this one .
 YOU SHOULDE N'T BUY IT . IT BROKE AFTER ABOUT TWO MONTHS . SOMETIMES , THE DISPLAY WOULD SAY `` ERRR '' INSTED OF `` CD TR '' DO N'T BUY IT !!!
 You do n't need to wait for your CD to wake you up , the mechanical drive of the CD will get you out of bed before thethe music even starts . Way to loud CD mechanism.The most annoying thing is it makes buzzing noises whan the CD of radio is on with the volume turned down . It has a really bad amp obviously.I took the first one back and got another one to make sure it was just not this one that buzzed , and the new one not only buzzed , but it would not read my burned CD 's . On the plus side , it is one of the few CD Stereo clock radio 's that has a dimmer switch on the LED 's , so you wo n't be making hand puppets on the wall from the display .
 We have owned two of these clock radios . The first one broke within 30 days of owning it -LRB- CD just stopped working -RRB- . We got a replacement , and that one broke within a few months . ... I would strongly warn you against the purchase of this unit . While the clock features all work well , the CD end of the unit is just horrible .
 OK , you 're probably thinking `` Well , here 's someone who got one bad one and now he thinks they 're all bad . '' . Not so ! Before buying this item a year ago I scoured Amazon.com for reviews and for the most part they all had the same problem - a warning of a soon-to-be non-functioning CD player . It 's true ! I have only used it perhaps 6 times and now it refuses to play any and all CDs . I ignored all those reviews and now I 've paid the -LRB- high -RRB- price . Do n't waste your money . It 's back to my old Panasonic dual alarm clock radio for me . Please trust me . I should have believed all the reviews !
 I like this product features and design . It is filled with great features like dual alarm , graduated alarm , the ability to wake up with it playing a CD , dual brightness settings for the time . When I first got it , I rated it 5 stars . The problem is that if get this product do n't expect it to be fully functional for very long . The first thing that will break will be the CD player and then you will gradually lose all functionality . If you want an alarm clock that will last for several years , do not by this product .
 I just opened this item -LRB- I did not purchase it from Amazon -RRB- and turned it on with the good intention of making cookies . I put the beaters in and plugged it in and was quite anxious to start it . When I turned it on , the beaters were not moving . The mixer started smoking . My boyfriend is a mechanic and took it apart and found that inspector # 8 -LRB- according to the sticker on the bottom -RRB- left a washer jammed in the motor . He removed the washer and put it back together and the machine started - this time it was smoking and sparking . It 's now been thrown on the patio and I 've no intention of bringing it back in the house . I have a $ 5 mixer that needed a new set of beaters and the beaters from the new mixer fit it . I 'm real happy that I did n't throw out my old mixer before I tried the new one ! Please do n't waste your money - you will be disappointed .
 I liked the visual appearance of the timer . I liked the magnetic back . But the alarm occasionally rings when I set it . I ca n't count on it to actually ring . I went out of my way to get after seeing it at a friend 's house . And it does n't even work !
 we received this timer as a wedding gift . after using for a week or so the timer stopped working when hanging on the refrigerator . however , we found that it would still work when sitting on the counter ... so we used it like that for about a year , just could n't stand the idea of throwing it away ... then finally a tiny plastic piece that holds it together broke ... do n't buy this item . it is poorly designed and poorly made .
 magnet falls off pretty quickly , and the timer itself starts to wear pretty quickly as well , soon you have to turn past 15 minutes to start and it rings at weird times .
 This timer is great looking , and I loved that it has a magnetic back so I could keep it on the refrigerator . Unfortunately , I had had it only a few weeks when it fell on the floor and the top piece separated from the bottom . I know most things ca n't survive being dropped all of the time , but I sort of expect something that is meant to be kept vertically on the refrigerator to be able to stand up to at least one fall.The worst thing is that there are n't a lot of magnetic kitchen timers out there , let alone good looking ones , so it is even more tragic that this one does n't meet expectations .
 like the other reviewer , I loved the design and the fact that I could attach it to my magnetic knife holder on my wall . As soon as I took it out of its package my kids got a hold of it , dropped it , and the plastic piece holding together the two halves of the timer cracked . I kept using it , very very cautiously for a few more months until it broke completely . Very cheeply made .
 So , I spent a week or so really going through review after review and site after site to find out which cookset I ought to buy . This is the first ` decent ' cookware that I 've ever bought ... It was a gift for my girlfriend to replace our mix-mashed el-cheapo , hand-me-down cookware . I was really impressed by all of the solid reviews for the stainless , and it seemed that all of the ` chef review ' sites encouraged it too . I certainly was n't on the market for a $ 1,000.00 gift , so the cuisinart seemed like the way to go ... It sure is pretty and every piece of it feels solid , long-lasting and well-built . They did n't even get messed up in our dishwasher.The ONE HUGE THING - that no one seemed to mention anywhere - Do n't even THINK you 'll be able to cook ANYTHING in a stainless frying pan ... I even tried putting about a 1/4 inch of olive oil in the bottom - no luck . I think that there 's a hidden ` adhesive ' built into the surface that permanently attaches the pan to any food product placed in it . It 's a joke , and it should have at least been mentioned . Now - maybe I 'm doing something wrong - I 've only ever cooked on teflon ... But I ca n't imagine how someone could cook over-easy eggs or pancakes in this thing ... Every time you try to flip something , half of it stays in the pan - burning.The bottom line ... This set seems to work pretty well and definitely looks really great . It does not get ruined in the dishwasher . I would n't go through the hassle of ` returning ' it after a purchase , but I would do more research if I had it all to do over again ...
 Gee ... what did I expect from a toaster for under $ 30 ? A bit more than this.This is an awful toaster unless you like toast that is custom done ... burned top edges , barely warm at the bottom and just about every degree of `` done-ness '' in between those two extremes ... and all on one single slice of bread!The interior is designed to push the bread from one side towards the hot coil on the other side , at an angle with the top crust sitting almost on top of the coil and the bottom crust needing a walkie talkie to communicate with the heat source.The bread slots were very clearly designed to do something OTHER than hold whole slices of bread in place , evenly spaced from heating coils , and out of the crumb tray . Lots of bread slices are too thin to stay put in this toaster yet are too large to rationally retrieve when they fall below to hug the crumb tray or become jammed between the heat coil and the wire stand intended to support them during their downward journey . I have spent countless frustrating time digging bread out of the area below the working area when it falls through the overly generous spacing of the interior grids.It IS great entertainment for my 21/2 year old grandson . Unless you always use fairly large slices of bread you will find that normal sized slices are not tall enough to extend out of the toasting slot so even if you hit the toast lotto and it stays in the right place to completion , when it pops up you either have to risk getting a hot coil to the knuckles by dragging it out OR and here 's the best part of this toaster ... you can use the pop down lever as a launcher , pushing it up rapidly and launching the errant sliced carb into the atmosphere of the kitchen ... great fun for Jack & me . We are keeping score on who catches the most toast rockets when they fly ... so far it is Jack-9 Grams-6 and Rudy the Dog-3 . Rudy thinks it is really cool . Happy toasting !
 Instead of recieving what was listed , I was sent the samllest bone possible , a little over an inch long . This will make super tiny treats , but I was hoping to make them a bit bigger for when we have to kennel our dog for trips . Not satisfied .
 This was recieved very quickly , but appeared to be bigger then what i was online . Dont be fooled this cookie cutter cuts cookies aboit the size of a quarter . I would not have purchased this item had I known it was this small .
 This product 's picture was bigger than the actual product ! It says cookie cutter , so I figured it would bee the size of an actual normal cookie ! No dimensions were listed and the pic looked actual size , but really the product is the size of half my finger ! ... and I have small fingers ! Not even bite sized cookies , so they came out not even shaped like a bone and looked like a mis-shapened squiggle ! Not cool
 I purchased this pan and waited anxiously for it to arrive . I now regret it . I burn things in the pan everytime I use it . I find it to be a difficult pan to use and difficult to clean up . The instructions say never to use it on high heat , so I do n't . But even on medium and low heat , the pan performs poorly . I have since bought an 8 quart saute pan from Calphalon and have never had a problem with it . This Cuisinart pan was more expensive and is a very disappointing product .
 I was excited to get this and ordered 2 sets !!! Unfortunately , the red is bright and has more of a pop online . When I got it in person , the red looks dull . Unhappy . have returned it and looking for other pattern and colour !
 THIS THING IS A PIECE OF CHINESE JUNK , JUNK , JUNK . Sorry I ever went through the agrivation . I will say my money was promptly refunded . Thank you
 Made of very light plastic contruction and weighing in at 21/2 lbs , this toaster shouts `` cheap '' . The toaster does toast well and evenly . The side supports are spring loaded and keep the bread centered . The darkness adjust knob is adjustable from 1 - 5 . However , I do n't understand the designers of this adjustment since I use a setting of `` 1.5 '' to get nice brown toast . Makes you wonder what a setting of `` 5 '' would do . I have not used the defrost or reheat settings . The bagel setting turns off the inside elements for one sided toasting . A major problem
 I bought this as a gift for my father . It did not work from the beginning . No matter what we tried , the toaster would not brown evenly . I had to call customer support to get a new one . Hopefully , the replacement will work better .
 Does not toast bread consistently -- burns part of toast while other part is hardly toasted . Handle broke after about 1 month 's of use . Even before the handle broke , it would often not put the toast down -- handle had to be pushed over and over again . Do n't buy this toaster !
 for the first few months it was an excellent product , but it soon becomes obvious that the parts are so poorly made that they disintegrate , leaving the product dangerous to use , and when sourcing spare parts , it proves very difficult , so far waiting 31/2 months and still no further forward .
 I bought the Nu Wave , thinking that it would be an improvement of my Deni Countertop Convection oven -LRB- which is easier to clean , and cooks better -RRB- I was wrong . The food cooks well when placed dead center of the rack , which is a poor design and wobbles . However larger foods , dont cook properly on the outer edges and at times you have to move the food around . The heating element is too small . A proper circulating convection oven like the Deni , does not require you to move the food , as the air is circulating all around the food . Within 2 weeks , the dome cracked . Contacting customer service was a nightmare . The person I spoke with could barely speak proper English . I then decided to return the unit . I did and unfortunately had to eat the shipping fees , as Nu Wave did not cover that with their warranty . Ordering the item through their website is a ripoff , as they tack on shipping charges for everything ! shipping for the oven , shipping for the extender ring , shipping for the tote bag . The salesman kept on pressing me to buy more units at a reduced price , and also try to sell you a tote bag to put it in . Not . I got a refund , and still use my old faithful Deni .
 I bought my Nuwave from the website and after trying it for a month , mine is going back for a refund . I did country style ribs from frozen and it took 80 minutes , but the outside started to char before the inside was done . I did a seven pound pork roast and after 5 hours , I ended up slicing it up and cooking the slices . I can do a roast in the slow cooker quicker . Did a whole chicken to their time specified and it was still blood red at the bone .
 I have owned my oven for over a year . I was thrilled to get it as I had something similar years ago . It is great for cooking a number of things including healthy fried chicken . I have no complaints in that department . My problem was that the dome started to crack . The cracks got worse and worse . They are now being held together with electical tape . I called the company and they said they have had problems but they have made the domes stronger now and I could buy a new dome for $ 20 . Seems to me that if they produed a defective product that they should replace the part free of charge . And how do I know this is true ? So I rate the quality terrible . The customer service is terrible . So even if it does a good job at first it is ultimately money wasted .
 I received this as a Christmas gift this year . Seemed like a pretty good product until I started to use it . This thing is made so poorly I ca n't imagine it lasting very long.Not only that , has anybody who designed it actually TRIED using it ? Right at the very start it shows you how to use the small metal bracket to hold the cover off to the side , but it does n't work ! It 's so poorly designed that even looking at the photo in the manual you could tell it was n't going to work . It 's actually dangerous to do what the manual shows you to do . I actually could n't believe it.The metal rack that it comes with to hold the food is very shaky even with a single steak sitting on it . I just kept thinking if this were my company , I would n't want to put my name on this product at all.The only reason I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 is because it does actually `` work '' and it does seem to cook food well , but based on the way it 's made I do n't expect it will last very long at all.VERY disappointed . I do n't understand why people ca n't take pride in their work .
 I have had a NuWave Oven for many years and in as much as the plastic dome cracked and is permanately fogged up I finally decided to upgrade to the Black model with the extension ring that sells for $ 139.00 . Low and Behold I saw today on TV where Sharper Image has a very similar oven that has all the feature of the NuWave but it has the Glass Top and a Glass Bowl . This Glass Bowl and Lid made out of Glass makes it a much better oven . And here is a important feature it sells for $ 78.00 on HSN.com which is $ 50.00 under the cost of the NuWave.As soon as the NuWave arrives I 'll be sending it back for complete refund , l have aleady purchased the Sharpe Image Superwave oven and I 'm pleased to be getting the Glass Lid and Bowl feature . The Nuwave Pro Oven get quite a few of negative reviews and Customer service is terrible . I have bought many products put out by Sharper Image and I have always found them to be of the best quality and Customer Service has always been outstanding .
 Bought the thing about 6 months ago . This morning , when wanting to grill a piece of beef , it stayed lukewarm . Have to throw it out . Just letting you know for what kind of junk you are paying over $ 100 .
 When we opened our factory sealed `` NUWAVE '' INFRARED COOKING SYSTEM , a loose part wasaudibly detected while we put the unit together for its virgin run . As I am proficient with bothplus and minus screw drivers , I carefully removed the four Phillips heads and voila ; the VERY FLIMSYfan was broken in two pieces . We called the `` CUSTOMER SERVICE '' and were quickly dismissed ashaving VOIDED THE FACTORY WARRANTY . As a boy , I was shooting hoops when JFK was assassinated ; I intuited that this was the beginning of the Fall of the American Empire . I never imagined it wouldhappen so fast . That we actually GET BEHIND the dispensing of the LAND-FILL JUNK SWILL thatCHINA is pawning off on us is a profound tragedy . Congrats to ROME for lasting so long !
 Ok I must be missing something . I bought this comb based on the positive reviews . I guess ` fuzz balls ' and ` sweater pills ' must be two different things . I bought it for sweater pills . When i received it I thought wow , that thing is sharp & looks like it would tear my husbands nice sweaters to shreds . I barely touched it to a sweater & the teeth stuck & snagged . I previously had a fabric shaver which was battery opperated & it worked great for pills , when it broke I searched online & came upon this comb . I actually had another battery shaver in my cart along with this comb , but it sounded great being able to save money on batteries & lint roller refills so I ended up just buying this . It 'll work fine on my heavy duty items like bath towels when they get really linty , but I do n't get how folks are using it on their sweaters .
 The de-fuzz fabric comb is a great concept however , it does not hold up very long . I used it on one sweater which needed a light de-linting and the de-fuzzer fell apart . I had to throw it away ! Needs improvement in design .
 This is a nice pan but it has an awkward handle . A saute pan needs a handle capable of heavy lifting and this handle is too flat for bigger hands -LRB- mine -RRB- and probably not shaped well for smaller hands either.It is a shame that the handle designer might have been using a Korean handle design because I have not seen this handle used by Cuisinart before . I was clearly disappointed .
 I love the cusinart multiclad line and own quite a few peices , but I was disspointed when I got this pan and discovered that it only fits in the 23/4 sauce pan . I own 3 multiclad sauce pans and none of them are that size , so now I 'm going to have to shell out 50 + dollars for the 23/4 sauce pan just to be able to use this pan . I ca n't make any comments on it preformance , but I 'm sure if it anything like my other multiclad peices , that it wo n't let me down . Just make sure you own -LRB- or are prepared to purchase -RRB- the 23/4 sause pan before buying this one .
 These new Cuisinart Multiclad line do look very nice and expensive , the constructions seem solid , just a nice first impression product . After buying these pans , I noticed its thickness is almost half thinner than the All-Clad or Calphalon Hard Anodized lines ; also , these pans are not to be used for more than 500 degree F , and not recommended for use under Broiler . So , what 's really the point of buying these pans other than its `` Good Look '' ? Well , I guess it 's quite a disappointment for Cuisinart to release its high-end cookware line while sacrificing its functionality side . Consider getting the Calphalon Tri-Ply sets instead , can stand upto 700 degree F and Broiler-safe .
 The rice cooker -LRB- followed included instructed exactly -RRB- melted after 11 minutes , and some rice calls for 30 minutes.THIS PRODUCT IS DANGEROUS . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY .
 The description on the site I purchased this included `` specially designed to allow steam to circulate '' . It lets the steam out . Most rice instructions tell you to not lift the lid because you want to keep the steam in . The water is required to be absorbed by the rice . Since this lets the steam out , you need to put more water into it . I guess if you can figure what will be the right amount to compensate , it will work.I like to use broth to add flavor . The instructions suggest it too . All of my broth collected in the top . Made it difficult to clean and did n't get into the rice.I have always used a Corning casserole with cover to do rice in the microwave . Everything I had read said that it would take as long in the microwave as it does on the stove because either way is cooking the rice in boiling water . I only use long grain brown rice . It takes 45 + minutes on the stove . I followed the instructions for this exactly . 24 minutes . The rice was still hard . I had to add water and I cooked it for an additional 45 minutes . The rice was good . The broth was wasted . The steam was all on the inside of my microwave.I would not recommend this or similar product . To cook good rice the steam needs to stay in the cooker .
 This cooker worked just fine for the first two times I cooked brown rice . On the third time though , I left about half a cup of brown rice on for 20 minutes and about 19 minuted into it the bottom melted ! Before this , I 've had it on for 15 minutes one time , and for a total of 30 minutes running twice 15 minutes each .
 This rice cooker is a total waste of money . I 've ruined four batches of rice in this thing . The rice is either undercooked and crunchy or overcooked and mushy . I followed the directions exactly on the first batch , and then kept adjusting on the following three batches . I have used electric rice cookers/veggie steamers for over 15 years and never had a failure . This `` low-tech '' cooker is a joke .
 I really hate to give low stars on products that I buy . I really wanted to love this microwave rice cooker , but I it would n't fully cook my rice . I ended up with a mix of cooked and halfway cooked rice . I followed the directions . I set the water to the right amount and set the microwave timer correctly . It might have been my microwave because I have a 800 watt microwave and the times in the directions seem to be made for 1000 watt microwaves . At any rate , for me , I kept it and will use it when I replace my microwave for a higher watt and I hope the rice will cook better . For now , I will use my stovetop pressure cooker to cook my rice .
 As soon as the unit was out of warranty , the plastic on the handle started to crack , then the plastic around the door . I called GE and they told me I was SOL . I could pay $ 200 to have a technician come and replace the door or I could buy another one - at retail . They would not replace nor fix for free - which they should have if they knew anything about customer service . Talk about failing to stand by their product - which was junk !! They also told me that I should stop using it immediately or I would send radioactive waves to everyone in my home . I want nothing to do with GE ever again . A complete waste of money .
 I bought the queen size comforter and within one week the down had shifted and there were bare spots . I live in the north and it is cold so this interprets to cold spots.If I could do it over again , I would have gladly paid more and bought higher quality .
 I was hoping this would be a good deal as it is just starting to get cold here is the Atlanta Area , First day in the 30s for us . . This is like having Two extra sheets with a sprinkling of Down . . I was hoping when I seen 10 oz of Down that was per Sq. . Ft of some other meause but I am guessing it is total . . I was going to put up My Quilt and use this for the winter but I 'll have to save this for the Summer and break out the Comforter . . The price looked great but not for two sheets and a few feathers . . I was looking for a Comforter to keep me warn : -RRB- Not even close to what I thought it was , These must be for use in Sothern Mexico or some other Hot Spot . .
 Turns on and off all the time , Many times in 1 hour , Makes alot of noise.Returned to Sams Club for a replacement , New one is worse , Compressor makes tons of noise !!! Replaced it with a Soleus Air 25 pint after reading reviews , Just goes to show to read reviews before buying !! Paul S
 It sounded like this would be a pretty good-quality comforter , but it turned out to be a pack of lies . The down filling was poor and some patches were almost totally empty . We were really disappointed and sent it back .
 The readings on my thermometer are way off ... a medium rare london broil registers at about the ` g ' in Progressive and boiling water at about 165 degrees . I only used it once , and thankfully I was keeping an eye on it so my london broil did n't get over cooked . Anyway , this product was a waste of $ 10 for me ... too bad because if it only read the temperature right , I love everything else about it!Edit
 I keep looking for an easy to read cooking thermometer and I will have to continue to look . I read the reviews and thought my search was over however I believe this thermometer is not all that accurate.Especially with poultry I wish to get it done but not dry , each time I rely on this device the chicken or turkey is done to the point of very dry.Whereas when I cut the meat open even when this thermometer indicates it is not done to my surprise the meat is indeed done and not dry.I will continue to look for a quality and accurate thermometer , hopefully I can locate one manufactured in the United States and I pay whatever it takes to acquire something more reliable . I am generous with a two star rating only for the large face and easy to read but inaccurate numbers
 This never worked , not even the first few times we thought it was working . We ruined lamb and steak on the grill . I guess you really have to shell out the money for a decent one , because what 's the point in spending a little getting nothing ? The only positive thing I can say -LRB- read , ' 1 star ' -RRB- is that the silicone around the edge is convenient , if you want to use that word for a piece of garbage . It keeps your stupid thermometer from rolling around -- that part DOES work .
 Little over a year after purchase , it is inoperable after two or three uses . It was very convenient and quick , but certainly not worth the money .
 I bought this with the reviews that this was a good thermometer . Several times the meat stated it was not done but cooking longer resulted in dry meat . It has caused alot of frusteration . I will be seeking out yet another one .
 I was in love with my new sheet set !! The color was amazing and it felt like sateen . The problem came when I wash them for the first time . After they dry up , they were so wrinkle that I had to iron them . I never had to iron sheets in my hole life !
 This product was awful . Every time we plugged it in it shorted out our breaker switches . We tried plugging it into a number of the breaker switches and each time it blew them out .
 The case gets hot . A Bunn flat-sided pot does not sit solidly on the burner . I had one in plastic that I like better and it cost less but could n't find it .
 I was looking for a way to make eggs round ... like McD 's does but this product was more trouble than help.It 's not heavy enough to keep the egg from running out from the underneath . I finally gave up ... scooped the egg back in the ring after it had run and set some and plopped it on the english muffin ... sadly it was too big for the muffin so the whole thing was kind of disappointing .
 Did not realize ring was not solid where the handle connects . The gap lets the egg white leak out and the egg sticks to the ring .
 The little handles on these egg rings fold down , which is great for fitting them in a drawer , but bad because the `` seam '' where the handle is attached makes for a place where part of the egg seeps out of the ring during cooking . So , you do n't get the perfectly round cooked egg that is the whole purpose for the ring ! I used them twice and have never used them again . On the plus side , they are indeed non-stick .
 Ususally I research equipment via internet reviews and Consumer Reports , but this item got me with its namebrand recognition and trust that usually accompanies a Crayola product 's purchase . I was also desperate for a kid 's alarm clock for my three-year old who is not a morning person.As another customer stated , the directions are written poorly , and I 'm techo savvy . It was by accident that I figured out how to record our voices to use as a wake-up sound . The regular alarm is a very loud , scary beeping.The colorful nightlight is not soothing or restful , unless you like a rock concert laser-bright light-show paced at a seizure inducing rate to fall asleep to . And the two brightness settings for the actual time display , -LRB- besides OFF -RRB- are just that , BRIGHT and BRIGHTER.The radio reception is terrible and sometimes there is a thump-thumping when I turn it on . I figured out how to get rid of it once , it was an odd series of resetting something , BUT THIS SHOULD N'T BE THE CASE.There is nothing on this item that is similar to the many semi-standardized functions we 've all become familiar with on our Emerson , Sony , etc. clock-radios . AFter four months of it , I 'm throwing it out .
 After I recieved this as a gift I was really disappointed . It is so small . Really not worth the price someone paid for it . I would pay $ 5.00 at the most for it .
 I had high hopes for this humidifier - cool looking , quiet ... problem is , it a -RRB- stops humidifying after about 5 minutes and b -RRB- subsequently leaks all the water out of the tank onto your floor . The problem is that the water empties out of the tank and into the well way too quickly . When the well is too full , the `` sonic '' humidifier does n't do its job and all of the mist gets trapped underneath the releasing column . And then it starts to overflow and leak water ALL OVER your floor -LRB- also quietly , so you do n't notice until you have a large puddle on your hardwood floor -RRB- . This is the result of a simple design flaw
 The first one I bought never put off any mist -- returned it for another.I 've had this one for 3 weeks now , and 90 % of the time it leaks water from between the tank and base -LRB- the unit is always on a flat surface -RRB- . I gave it 1 star because it does work fairly well and is `` silent '' as advertised.But unless you enjoy cleaning up water off the floor and do n't mind the possibility of water damage to wherever you place this dehumidifier I mustrecommend DO NOT BUY !!
 Honeywell advertises this humidifier as filterless , which is what sucked me into buying it . It turns out the unit has a replaceable `` demineralization cartridge '' which cost $ 6 for a pack of two -LRB- not much less than the cost of filters for other humidifier models -RRB- . I ca n't comment on the functioning of the unit , since I plan on returning it tomorrow . False advertising pisses me off .
 I liked this humidifier when I first bought it . It worked great and it was quiet . It 's still quiet but it 's not producing any mist . Sometimes when I shake it it will start up again , but by the morning it 's not working anymore and it leaks all over the floor . So after kicking several times tonight , I 've decided that it 's going in the trash .
 This is the single worst consumer item I have ever purchased . It worked for about 1 month , and then crapped out . No more mists.Try to get some support on it -- fuhgettaboutit .
 i just want to second reviewers that say this does n't work . I got it out of the box . Followed instructions . It created mist from the bottom of the unit -LRB- not on top where it 's supposed to -RRB- . A few minutes later it started leaking . It 's not quiet either -LRB- constant gurgling water -RRB- . And it 's too bright for a bedroom . I 'm trying hard but I ca n't find anything positive to say . I returned it the same day I bought it .
 As other reviewers have noted , this product is prone to leaking water . I bought my unit last winter , used it for several months without incident , then put it away . I recently starting using it again , and after two weeks , discovered a large puddle on the floor . The humidifier continues to leak , even after reseating the valve .
 The unit worked for about one year , however , I had to clean the base literally every day , as there was an icky brown buildup . I thought algae was growing in the filter , so I removed it , but that did n't help the problem . I do n't know if the icky brown stuff was algae or mineral buildup , but regardless , it grossed me out and created a lot of extra work . Not to mention that the blue `` on '' light was so bright that it actually interfered with our ability to sleep and we ended up covering it with duct tape so we could sleep . I would not recommend it at all .
 Save yourself a lot of trouble and DO N'T BUY THIS ONE ! The first time I bought it , it worked for about 2 weeks , then had decreased output due to the black paint flaking off of the nebulizer -LRB- the part that makes the mist -RRB- . So I returned it and bought another one ... this one worked off and on for about a week and then never worked right after that , despite my careful cleaning and disinfecting , just like the owners manual instructs . I use it in my baby 's room -LRB- very small room -RRB- and , after the first week , could n't get the humidity above 20 % . It 's just not dependable , which is a pain when she wakes up constantly throughout the night sniffing and fussing due to dry air ! I just ordered the Vornado 2.8 gal cool mist humidifier ... hopefully that will work much better !
 Not only is there a filter for a product that claims to have none -LRB- putting aside whether it 's needed in non-hard-water areas -RRB- but , more importantly , it fails to raise the total humidity to the multi-source recommended 40-45 % level . In my office , with is exactly 1/2 the 350 square foot size that Honeywell claims the product can handle , the mister , going full blast , even over night , fails to deliver enough mist , even on the highest setting , to nudge the baseline 25 % humidity level up even one percent notch . So , yeah , it looks pretty , but you know what they say about looks are n't everything . I guess I need either to replace this thing or get another mister that is maybe less decorative and more functionally effective .
 I 've had this product for about 2 weeks . It works , bringing the humidity in the bedroom up from 38 % to 50 % or so . I bought it because I needed a humidifier right away and this was the cheapest a local big box store had on their shelves.Good stuff
 I bought 2 of these . Filterless sounded great until you read the instructions . You have to carefully clean with a vinegar solution . If you touch the ultrasonic baffle you could damage it . It is a real pain to maintain . I will go back to a filter model . Oh and also , it leaked all over my hardwood floors damaging them and now I have a water stain in the ceiling below . NEVER AGAIN !
 I bought this product because it said on the box it was quiet . The white noise from the ultrasonic mister is fine . It is quite pleasant . What is disturbing is the `` GURGLE GURGLE GURGLE '' every 4 minutes from the water chamber . It is certainly not quiet and it wakes me up . If it was a consistent gurgle I suppose I could get used to it , but it is very annoying and loud . I guess air bubbles get released into the chamber like a water cooler . The design seems to amplify the sound out of the chamber like a trombone and it is always random and loud .
 Had this humidifier for about a year . I liked this one at first , but the light always annoyed me -LRB- it is really bright , even if you do n't need a totally dark room to sleep -RRB- . If you take it apart and stick a little duct tape on the LED light bulb , that 'll take care of it and light it just enoigh to see the water level -LRB- or remove the bulb if you want no light at all -RRB- . I used it last winter and it worked fine . It is fairly quiet apart from the occasional gurgle , and lasts about 2 nights on half-blast . But this year , it seems to be having the leaking problem that others have mentioned and has gotten much louder , even after I gave it a nice washing out , thinking something might be clogged somewhere . Also , I do need to buy a new demineralization filter , because I am getting the white film all over my dark bedroom furniture . It has also been an annoyance that after you fill it up , it leaks when you carry it back to the base no matter which way you carry it . So because it seems to have crapped out on me , I ca n't really recommend it . It should hold out for more than one winter , but it has n't . Possibly going to try one of those little animal ones next , but I want to put it on the floor and not on a table , so we 'll see .
 This is quiet except for the water dripping onto the floor.Could not keep bedroom in starter home -LRB- appox . 100 sqft -RRB- humidified.Started breaking apart after 2 weeks.Use filtered water and chunks still in tank do n't know where they come from.Don ' t buy Ashame on Kaz -LRB- actual manufacturer giving honeywell and chinese manufacturers bad names -RRB-
 It looked great and said filter less , but it requires some kind of demineralization filter and you need to change it very often , i have a very small bedroom -LRB- 10x12 -RRB- , though i switch it on 4 hours before going to bed and close the room completely , still i feel the dryness in the air . and boy it leaks water all over the places from top when you are filling the tank , and from bottom when it is working , I am returning mine after one week of use.By the way , it is not manufactured by Honeywell , but by a company called KAZ and they are using the Honeywell logo . its kind of cheating .
 I just got this humidifier yesterday . It worked great for 12 hours . Then it died . No more mist . I 'll return it tomorrow . Based on these reviews , I wo n't be getting another one of these .
 I own two of these . They worked great for 3 months and now the both leak . I tried customer support once and told they `` had not heard of this problem '' . Hopefully now that I have read the reviews on Amazon , I can convince them otherwise . Please do not buy this unit .
 No one else has mentioned this . I have not had the leaking or other problems that others have had , although we have not had the unit that long . I have stopped using this unit because of the smell it emits . It is chemically and stings both my throat and nose . I find myself sneezing . I have never been allergic to a humidifier before , or much else actually . I was wondering if there was some paint or something that I am inhaling but this does not seem possible .
 Mine also developed leaks . The problems is inside , not outside . Remove rubber plugs and screws , take out plate with fan , than plate with heating unit , there are than 2 rubber gaskets , one clear one black going into the unit . Clean and coat them with silicon sealer and put it back together . 10 minute fix . Good Luck
 The humidifier worked great for 2 weeks but now leaks all over the floor during operation . I would not recommend buying this product .
 Wanted to additionally indicate the `` leak all over '' problem . Too bad we did not see the other review before buying this thing . Do yourself a favor - AVOID !
 Got this at walmart . worked for a month . Liked it a lot . No noise no filter adjustable mist . Then just stopped . No mist . Returned for another . New one did n't work off the box . Returned and got another model . Been a month and liking it so far . So , ca n't recommend this model .
 worked only about 1.5 years and then leaked all over the floor . I could n't find the hole in the reservoir so I had to throw it out . Not Happy
 Pay attention to all these bad reviews . Do you notice a common thread ? Leaks ? Stops working after a period of time ? All true . I 've gotten tired of bringing mine back to Home Depot again and again and again for an exchange . Do n't buy this product .
 It did n't leak , like others have reported , but the motor died on its second season . Basically , it ran like a champ last winter , but this winter , it started making a loud rattling/humming noise . A week after this started -LRB- the second week of the season -RRB- , the motor died.Out to the curb it went . Note that it has a 5 year warranty , but you would have to pay postage , and the turnaround time would be a couple weeks . Given that I had a 20 % Bed , Bath and Beyond coupon , the effort to get it repaired would not have been worth it .
 I have had several humidifiers in my day , and this is the worse . Like other reviewers have pointed out , this unit leaks on the floor -- design flaw . Also , the lite is brite ! It is kind of cool looking , but too bright at night .
 This humidifier -LRB- Honeywell Ultra Quiet Care cool mist HUT102M -RRB- LEAKS ! All the water will drain out of tank while it is supposedly running . It worked for me for the first winter -LRB- though it 's very awkward to fill -RRB- but the second winter all the water out would leak out . It damaged furniture . Terrible product . Would give it zero stars if that was an option !
 Tired of the springs poking me at night , I decided to purchase this mattress . At first we placed in on our existing mattress as an expensive topper . It was so comfortable this way , but we tended to roll towards the middle of the bed , sinking deep . Later on we moved it on a platform bed , laying directly on the wood , no boxsprings . I also had a memory foam topper that I placed on top of this mattress . It is somewhat comfortable when initially going to sleep , but as the night progresses it tends to flatten until it feels like an extremely firm surface . One strange thing we have had to deal with is an accumulation of moisture between the mattress and the wooden surface it is laying on , to the extent that I had to cut away the felt covering on the bottom of mattress cover . It had soaked through slightly , discoloring the foam . We have not tried to use the mattress again as we are waiting to make sure it is completely dry and experimenting with a different mattress to make sure it is n't something in the wood of the bed.After inspecting the mattress further , I do n't believe this is any more than an expensive piece of cheap foam with a thin layer of green memory foam -LRB- it looks more like the egg crate toppers -RRB- adhered to one side . You could do just as well spending money on a topper and placing it on your existing mattress .
 I was lured by the price , and the reviews were mixed . So I ordered it . We did the right thing , let it expand for 24 hours , put it in place , and by the middle of the first hour I knew it was going back.There is little support provided by the mattress . You sink deeply into it until you have bottomed out on the box springs . I got up this morning and there was a hollow in the bed about 2 or 3 inches deep . So a soft mattress begins to feel hard as the foam compresses completely down.So our serch for a good cheap mattress continues.So my son and I will attempt to roll , and tuck this monster back into the box and ship it back to Amazon this weekend .
 Unfortunatley , I do not like this mattress but my husband does . My friend has an authentic temperpedic and maybe my expectations are higher for less money . The mattress is probably worth the price for a regular spring one . If you are hoping to be able to sink in and have it contour to your body , you will be disappointed . This is for people that like hard beds . It is suppose to be 8 inches thick and was only 2-3 inches when opened . The directions say that it will within 24 hours expand to the original shape . After a week , it is only 5 '' thick and the length from headboard to footboard is too short and makes my bed look strange . It feels like I am sleeping on a thin mattress on box spring and is very hard . The statement that there is no movement if one person moves is not true . I am going to have my husband put our old spring mattress back on the bed today and use this as a topper so my bed does n't look so strange and low . I would return this to Amazon but they probably will charge so much that it is n't worth it . Wait for more reviews from others before buying .
 I ordered this because of the great price and the reviews . Needless-to-say , after only 4 years I now need a new mattress . It was perfect in the beginning , but after time it went from an 8 inch mattress to a 6 inch mattress . It is not worth the money , even at this price . My back hurts everyday from this mattress .
 Actually made it worse.The pie crust burnt in various sections . Awkward fit . Better off with tin foil or even nothing at all .
 I thought it would work on my 9 inch pie . My crust started to burn , had to resirt to the foil.burned .
 The concept is great , but I need to know the size if I am going to buy it .
 Ca n't believe these people left off the size of this thing . The concept is intriguing -- 2 bins are VERY attractive . But I MUST know the size or will never , ever order it . ZEROS to you .
 How could I possibly buy this not knowing what the dimensions are ?
 I saw this and just had to have it . I love the color and the cutting board is of good quality . The blades are super sharp , so beware . After using the Froggy , I found I prefer cutting herbs and ect with a good chef knife . It is easier to control where the blade is going . I 'm thinking of getting a traditional Mezzaluna with only one blade instead . It would be nice if this came with something to store the blades in . The plastic covers that it came with are easily cut through , and do n't last . By storing it in a drawer , with no covers , the blades are sure to get dull quickly .
 I 've never had anything this cheap in my life . Any normal amount of pressure that you might exert on these handles and the blades will break off . Yep , that cheap .
 Ok I bought this set with high hopes . They looked sharp and it seemed a very good deal . While the knives are sharp the handles are VERY SOFT - VERY CHEAP plastic and they break.The knives seem to have 3 bolts holding the metal blade to the plastic handle but the 3 bolts are fake . They are for looks and nothing else . I had my first knife -LRB- the bread one -RRB- break with in 48 hours of unpacking . Unless your duhl in the head PLEASE mark my words and Do n't Buy this set !
 This product is NOT the Raider Shield ! do NOT buy this product if you are looking for the Raider Shield . What comes in the mail is a Helmet with the Raider logo . it 's a great product BUT it 's not the Shield in the picture .
 Seems like they make a lot of different colored beds with the same underlying plastic frames . However , instead of using colored plastic in the molds , they use a standard plastic & paint each one differently.Why is this important ? The paint comes off of these very easily ... it just does n't seem bonded well at all . I was wiping it down with a disinfectant wipe , and I noticed color leeching onto the wipe.Then I dried the surface with a dry paper towel , and tried wiping the surface with just a damp cloth - only water this time . Again , the surface of the cloth was discolored by the paint.I would imagine that my kid 's teeth & mouth would be better at stripping the paint off the plastic than the damp cloth . Maybe it is just the batch of beds that I had to deal with , but I could not honestly recommend this one .
 Since so many of us have gotten this cracked , I am beginning to suspect that the panels are going out cracked ! Otherwise , the odds would seem that a buyer has some chance of getting an undamaged piece.I repaired mine , and I love the colors and design , but I do think this is a rip off . They are selling these at Overstock for slightly more money , but undamaged .
 My stained glass panel arrived today , as a gift . The colors are magnificent . However , there are several cracked places . I had not thought about trying to repair it . I 'll take another look at it and see if that will be possible . I still may send it back . I 'm not sure damaged merchandise is worth even the reasonable price of the piece .
 This cotton cover fits ok and functions pretty well . but ! I thought I noticed the smell ofurine in the room that I had the garment rack and cotton cover . After doing some checking Idetermined that the odor was coming from the cotton cover.So I washed the cover in the washingmachine two times . the rinse water dumping into the laundry sink after the first washingwas filthy , so I washed it a second time . Now it smells clean and fresh . My other gripe is thiscover should cost about one half of its $ 66.00 price .
 I purchased this item september 8th . I have not received it . I received everything else that I purchased on the same date . I went back to check on my amazon account and it says this product was delivered on sept 18th . Where was it shipped , because it has not arrived at my home ? Just wondering ? I would like to have this Canvas cover asap . Or please refund my money asap . Thank you .
 I was fooled by the picture . it is just a cover for a wardrobe ! while looking for wardrobes i forund this and belived it was good value for money . On reciept i have found that is is a cover and of no use without the frame . I would love to buy the frame if it was in the catalogue.Over priced waste of money .
 This mortar and pestle looks great , but it 's not really functional . The interior surface of the mortar is not adequately coarse for grinding herbs or nuts . In addition , the pestle is too short to provide adequate leverage .
 The only reason I gave this thing 1 star and do n't consider it a TOTAL P.O.S. is because the alarm clock still works . The radio picks up more static than radio stations . The CD player stopped working after about 2 months and the warranty is insulting . I paid about $ 30 for this alarm clock and they want $ 20 to fix it , plus s & h . Why is it so freaking hard to make a CD player alarm clock that is n't garbage ?
 This was good while it was working.But stopped working after 2 months . Alarm clock , radio and CD all stopped working .
 This CD alarm radio is a nice looking unit and has all the features I wanted on it . The only problem is that when you play a CD there is a loud humming noise that is quite annoying . Try to listen to a CD at a low sound level and the humming will drive you crazy . If you just want an inexpensive CD alarm then go for it . If you want to listen to CD 's as you fall asleep forget it .
 This clock does not keep time . It frequently jumps back to 12:00 . At 4:45 one morning , it read 3:00 . I 'm certainly glad I had a back up alarm set . I am now having one heck of a time trying to contact Amazon about what to do with it .
 This is a horrible clock radio . When the radio or CD player is turned on , the device has a terrible buzz . It is so loud we can hear it through our baby monitor -LRB- this radio is in the baby 's room -RRB- . In addition , the clock does not accurately keep time . It runs fast . Within 2-3 weeks it is 2-5 minutes ahead .
 This shoe rack is made of heavy particle board , not solid wood . I got something similar , but larger and made of solid wood for about the same money . This rack was harder to put together than the solid wood rack and is n't as attractive .
 I 'm not sure what this was designed to organize , but a sweater wo n't fit in between the shelves and not very well below unless you force it . You could put a folded t-shirt in each place , but not really more than one unless you force them . So I 'm not really sure what the point is.It is made of plywood and the back and bottom of the sides is unfinished . I used this in my office for stacking papers , which it worked pretty well for . I 've recently decided to get rid of it since it takes up more space than it saves for me .
 Just purchased this item and it 's impossible to assemble . Made from partical board with seemingly NO GLUE holding the material together . Each time I attempted to put together with the wood screws -LRB- included -RRB- , pieces of the board would break off . I am returning this item with my complaints . I liked the design . It 's perfect for the audio/visual use I had in mind , but not worth even the low price .
 I bought this after trying the strech-fit slip cover . Although the strech-fit one had its draw backs with my chair it was a much better fit . I have an old wing chair . This cover was not even close to fitting it . It is made to fit a small wing chair . Mine is not huge but definitely not small enough . It was my fault not to pay close attention to the fitting guide . It is probably because of the poor fit , but I could not get it to tuck in smoothly around the seat cushion for any lenghth of time .
 Basically a rip-off , the Peugeot salt mill -LRB- not `` electric , '' by the way , but battery-operated -RRB- is very difficult to load with batteries and -- most important -- the grinding mechanism can not be adjusted ; if you use a sea salt like Malden , for instance and just want a slightly less coarse grain , you 're out of luck ; the Peugeot only has one option and that is very fine -LRB- ! -RRB- grains and only a few at a time so it takes quite awhile to season something properly . In its favor , it 's good-looking but , ultimately , no there there .
 Ordered & installed part . Mint refused to work . Called tech who assisted . Mint worked for short period . Now the Mint will not work at all . Used to love it . For the amt . of purchase price , I expected years of service . I am very disappointed . Model # 4200 .
 My sister bought me these knives for Christmas . I immediately went to the kitchen to try them out , I gathered a tomato , a cucumber , baby carrots , and some left over chunks of turkey . With the very first cut , I was shocked at how poorly they sliced . The way the edge is beveled , it forces the knife to slide off the food -LRB- if you 're right handed . If you are a lefty , the knife moves diagonally deep into the item -RRB- The carving knife failed even more with the turkey . Rather than slice , it simply tore the meat apart ; this is because the meat gets caught on the serrated edges.The only reason I gave this 2 stars instead of 1 is because I like the weight of the blades . The Chef knife feels firm and steady . I ca n't say too much about the handle , since I could only stand to use them once ; Although I was a bit concerned after I washed it , I gave it a little shake to get some of the water off , and I could feel the handle rattle a bit.The only thing stopping me from returning these is having to tell my sister that I do n't like her gift .
 This 10 pc . set only came with 9 knives , which are not nearly as sharp as I was expecting . Also , they do not cut as smoothly as other Chicago Cutlery knives I have used in the past .
 These knives look beautiful , the block is beautiful but boy was I disappointed the second I realized the pairing knives was n't slicing through my potato . Only after trying 3 other knives to make sure it was n't just the one , I had to use so much pressure to even get one cut . Plus the serration leaves a horrible pattern on anything you cut ... not good for any presentations you 'd want to do . I am very very disappointed . I guess you get what you pay for . I 'm going to trade up for a more expensive set with more ratings and good ones at that . Please do n't waste your time on this set !
 These knives are useless . They slip off items like carrots when cutting . Anything else they tear , they do not cut . Also , six of the knives in the set are identical . The six are like the type of big steak knife they give you in a mid-scale restaurant . So you really are only getting a very limited assortment of knives . Also the edges on all knives are finely serrated in the same manner . There is n't a slicing knife in the bunch . There is a reason they sell for around $ 30 . Save your money and buy something a little more expensive . Shame on Chicago Cutlery for selling this junk .
 WELL LET ME SAY FIRST I WENT CHEAP ... BUY HOLY MOLEY MAN THIS IS REALLY AN AWFUL SET OF KNIVES . PLEASE LET MY SACRAFICE NOT GO UNDERSTOOD OR APPRICAIATED SAVE YOUR MONEY !! BUY ONE KNIFE AND MASTER IT !!! OH YEAH CHICAGO CUTLERY PLEASE PLEASE RETHINK HOW YOU DO BUSINESS , I DONT CARE HOW GOOD YOUR BEST KNIFE IS . QUALITY IS KEY FOR ANY BUSINESS , INDEED .
 Who ever put this gadget together do so with `` a twist '' . -LRB- And I do n't mean with some flair -RRB- . They mangled one of the rods that make up the handle . The product is a great idea , but its not worth the price if it leaves the factory damaged . Also , the metal was not identified -LRB- stainless ? Aluminum ? -RRB- No idea if it was rust resistant or not . I sent it back .
 I was very disappointed in this rack . While a great concept , the rack turned black in the heated water the first time I used it . Why did it turn black ? Are my lids still safe to use on my canning jars ? Did some coating come off in the water ? Ick . VERY disappointed in this item and still concerned about my family 's safety .
 While I thought in the beginning it would be useful to have the lids in this unit - ended up it really made it more diffult to grab with the magnetic lid holder . Do not waste the money - buy more jars , you will be happier !!!
 I ordered this thinking it would an asset to our canning supplies ... turns out it 's not so great ... you have to use a pretty deep pot to heat up your lids . We ended up setting it in the canner which I believe is probably the initial intent.I use a small sauce pan so I can carry it to where I 'm filling and preparing my jars .
 In all honesty a magnet works a lot better . You can get a pocket tool pickup magnet for about $ 4 at the hardware store.This is nice looking and well made and that 's what got me to buy it . I 'm used to putting my lids in a pot and taking them out as I need them , and I found I did n't have a pot deep enough to completely submerge the vertical lids . Well , I did actually , but I was n't interested in filling my stockpot for this !
 I tought this wa going to be a nice rug , unfortunatly it is a very flimsy , cheapmade rug that looks more like the size of a place mat .
 This is for 1 plate . Do n't spend $ 14 on 1 plate . Buy a set of 4 for less ! Ridiculously overpriced .
 It says a set of four . I only received one , and at twice the price of a set of two sold elsewhere . We 'll see if the company makes good on sending out three more . Probably too good a price for four , but description is emphatically wrong or at best misleading .
 I ordered 4 of these as they look nice from the photo they currently have . But when I received them , they look awful . Poor quality - one was made with pink string for some reason . Little pieces were falling off everywhere . These are not something you could have indoors as they would make a mess and look ugly . Do n't make the mistake I did if you want these for indoors or even outdoors .
 The quality was uneven making the surface not very level . This was not as fine as other rush mats .
 Unfortunately plastic looks like plastic . I ordered one to see it for myself but it went right into the garbage . No matter how high my ceilings - you ca n't fake real metal .
 This bowl is quite attractive ; however it is not as large as I expected from the product description.The bowl leaks vary badly out of the bottom . Since my salad did not drown in liquid , it was not obvious at first . The leakage was slow but noticeable . When I tested it by filling it with water , it leaked an unbelievable stream of water.There was no apparent damage from shipping ; the box was not in any way crushed . I think this item was not checked for leakage after it was made . Not very assuring for the manufacturer .
 I moved into a condo where the closets are furnished with ClosetMaid wire shelving . They were filthy . I dismounted them , which is not easy , and put them into the bath tub where I scrubbed them . Scrubbing each wire is very time consuming . When they were finally white and clean , I let them air dry . Even though they are definitely clean , they are still sticky . Searching on the web , this is apparently a well-known problem with wire shelves . Friends advised me to throw them out and buy new shelves .
 Imagine my surprise when a live plant arrived ! I kept it , fearing it would die on the trip back . Not what I wanted , but what could I do ?
 I bought a Rival Seal-a-Meal because it was cheaper than the Food Saver Appliance but it did not work well . I had to use a lot of pressure to hold it close and it did always vacuum and seal the bag . I ended up returning it and got a Food Saver Appliance .
 The weak point on this unit are the two black gaskets . It works great when the gaskets are new , but then they start to flatten out . And once that happens it wo n't seal anymore . I 've tried removing the gaskets and soaking them in a cup of water -LRB- which helps make them swell -RRB- and then reinstalling , it does work but it 's a pain to have to do that every time you want to use it . And ordering new gaskets from Jarden -LRB- the owner of Seal-a-Meal -RRB- is n't easy either . They do n't list the gaskets as a spare part , so you have to call to ask for them . The gaskets cost $ 3.00 each -LRB- you need to replace the pair -RRB- plus taxes -LRB- 10 % - not sure why that much , I asked but they said that 's just what it is -RRB- -RRB- and shipping -LRB- around $ 8 for standard -RRB- . It cost me $ 41 + to order enough to replace the set five times -LRB- 10 gaskets -RRB- . They need to redesign the gaskets so they will last , or at least make it easier and less expensive to order new ones . And when you do , order a bunch , you 'll need them !
 If all you are looking to do is seal then go for it . However if you are looking for something to remove all the air from the bag then look elsewhere . Like others the first unit arrived dead , however amazon quickly shipped me another , I should have gotten another sealer .
 I was very enthused when I saw Amazon offering the Seal-A-Meal at a price I considered a good value.Though the plastic bags are expensive , they go on sale occasionally.Being able to freeze food in a bag with air sealed out and to cook foods sous-vide require a reliable air-tight seal.I repeatedly tried the Seal-A-Meal following the instructions carefully.Every time there were gaps in the seal . As soon as the sealer was opened , air would re-enter the bag.So , for freezing it was no better than a zip-lock bag . For sous-vide cooking it would be a disaster.I 'm really disappointed .
 I bought one of these a couple of years ago , and I used it several times . It worked great the first few times , but after a while it started sucking less air out . Then it got harder to get it to go hands-free . I would have to hold it down the entire time . After sealing maybe a dozen bags worth of food , it stopped sealing entirely . Even if I held it down the entire time , it would n't switch to automatic , and it would not trigger the heat sealer . I tried everything to get it working again . This unit just breaks after a while , and I am currently looking for another brand/model -LRB- which is how I stumbled across this product again -RRB- .
 I purchased my seal-meal last year . Only used it a few times . Now It comes onbut does n't heat up or seal anything . It worked for a few times , now it does n'twant to do anything . What a waste of money . I 'm sorry I got rid of my old one.It worked a lot better then this one . Very disappointed in this product . I do alot of leftovers , and now I have to use zip lock bags .
 My seal a meal failed to seal after about 1 year and 8 uses . Not very good . I hope your success is better !
 I 've used this sealer perhaps 2 dozen times over the past year and suddenly it just stopped sealing . Almost out of the box there was a problem with the heat strip , a little spot on it that got hotter than in other places and occasionally melted through the plastic . then the foam pieces stuck to each other and pulled out of place . Next the Hands free light stopped lighting up . Next the heat strip got an odd wrinkle in it . And finally it wo n't vacuum or seal . It 's a handy item when it works , but now it 's just another bit of non-recyclable junk with costly accessories .
 Cumbersome , noisy and slow -- the older , smaller model I used for many years was far superior . . if I did n't need it for general sealing I would return it . .
 Hello people , I know how to follow directions . I was sealing just a package or so a day , worked perfectly . Then my meat order came in . After sealing 2 packages with no problem , it took an hour for the next , before I finally gave up . I even tried to take out my paper cutter to make sure the cut of the bag was perfectly straight . I tried both the pre-cut bags and the cut-your-own . The problem is that the really cheap foam gasket that creates the seal kept popping out of the machine , thereby losing the seal . I will return it tomorrow and shell out the money for the Foodsaver .
 Purchased at Kmart new . Worked beautifully the first and second usage , sealed about 6-8 bags first session , then two weeks later another 6-8 bags . Third time , struggled to vacuum out air , taking 5 minutes or more per bag where it had done it in 1-2 minutes . Fourth time , very weak vacuum , ca n't seal at all.Waskness of the unit when it first worked
 Just got the seal a meal a few minutes ago and eager to try it out . This unit is horrible , though the plastic seems sturdy . The unit is fairly heavy and the plastic is compariable to the plastic found on the lid of a dell mini9.now for the bad :1 . the vacuum is horrendous because it does not suck all the air out . there are air pockets found everywhere including between the bag creases . I tried with several items such as meat , clothes , and beans . every single time , there were air pockets .2 . speed is bad . it takes over a minute to seal one bag .3 . the heat seal is very bad . The melted plastic seems to be about 1-2mm thick and the seal looks like a dashed line
 I bought a VS110 Model Number Rival Seal a Meal . I have only used it a few times . The unit stopped sealing properly and looses vacuum . When I called Rival/Seal a Meal I was told they do not repair any units and no parts are available . Rival wanted to sell me another brand new unit . I have checked with other major manufacturer/competitors and was advised the same -- No repairs and no parts available . It appears the electric heating element has a slight burned spot creating a bubble in the plastic bag . The element could easily be replaced -LRB- just remove a few screws . -RRB- I understand that Rival may not want to sell the parts to a consumer for safety reasons . However , I think they should at least offer a flat fee for a repair as a option . I would never purchase another `` food sealer . '' They are `` throw away '' items if there is any problem with the unit-at least from the research I did .
 My Son bought me this Seal-A-Meal for Christmas last year . With the price of meat going up , I decided to give it a try this week . Worked fine the first few times , then died an untimely death leaving me with 5 pounds of hamburger in 1 pound packs needing to be sealed . Let it sit thinking it maybe needed a break , but no , it just does n't work any more . I loved it while it worked , it was great . Do n't love it now , and would n't buy another as it 's not dependable . Contacted Rival Customer Service , but they only quoted the trouble shooting page of the appliance hand book , so no help from them . Wish I could report differently , but I 've not had a good experience with this product .
 The first time I used my Seal-A-Meal VS107 it would not vacuum . Tried it two more times and still did not work . That was in August . At the initial use I read the manual three times before using it . Tried the troubleshooting got frustrated and put it away.Pulled it out again tonight to use and now it wo n't even heat up to seal the bag . Had my boyfriend try it and it did not work for him . What a piece of garbage and a waste of money !! Would have been better off buying one at Costco where I have a better return policy than from Amazon.This will make me think twice about buying electronics on-line ...
 My son gave us one and after less than a year it stopped working . We got them to replace it , and sure enough , after less than a year this one stopped working too . We do n't use it all that much , maybe once a month after going to Costco and stocking up . Seems like there 's a definite problem with how it switches from vacuuming out the air and turning on the sealer . After awhile the sealing just does not turn on . Now I 'm looking for a different brand . Would never get another Seal A Meal .
 I saw this item at the store side by side with the Foodsaver . This item was 60 % cheaper so I took a chance . Well it just proves the old idea - You Get What You Pay For . The `` one touch '' button never worked . I used one of the included bags and it did seal - filled with air !!! I also bough a set of the Rival Containers for use with the machine . I never could get those to work . The item advertises on the box that it will work with the Foodsaver containers . I tried it with one of their containers and it did have a slight suction but I was able to pull it off with my hand . I have a family member with the Foodsaver and she loves it , do not but this piece of junk !!
 I can get my bags to seal fine , but then after several days or weeks in the freezer , I take one out and discover it 's no longer tightly wrapped -- it 's sprung a leak , I 'm assuming along the seal point as the seals are VERY hot and the bag gets very flimsy at the seal . I 'm going to replace this with one that has better reviews .
 A wonderful product , that is if you do n't mind spending 30 mins . doing something that should n't take more than 30 seconds . Unreliable at best , and the `` support '' is , without a doubt , the worst I have ever encountered.Save your patience and your time and buy a Foodsaver .
 I bought this product in the hopes to freeze more left-overs and save money . What a joke ! The unit wo n't even seal the bag so that I can fill it , seal and freeze food items . I tried several times to make this happen , and , thinking I was missing something , turned the unit upside down -LRB- without the plastic sheet in it -RRB- and it started up and tried to seal something that was n't even there . I have only had this unit for about 4 months and it 's been so difficult to use and so inconsistent that I want to throw it away . Do n't waste your money !
 This item does not heat and if it does not heat it does not work . I had one just like this for several years and wore it out so I know the Brand is good . This one was in an open box and advertised as new so I should have known . Be careful what you buy .
 I have used this thing maybe 20 or 30 times and it does not work anymore . It tries to suck the air out but the heating element does n't heat up so it just keeps sucking -LRB- pun intended -RRB-
 I received this item as a gift . I was excited to freeze some prime steaks I had just bought and tried to use the Rival sealer right out of the box . After reading the instructions again and again to troubleshoot , I still was unable to get this thing to work . It was very noisy and difficult to run without pushing down on it extremely hard . Even while running , it did not vacuum the bags out , let alone seal . What a piece of crap .
 This unit almost never works properly.the plastic rolls are costly.A complete waste of money.Do not buy this piece of junk .
 Update on my initial review below , which was written shortly after my purchase in Jan , 2010 . I should have waited until I had the machine for a longer period , as I now rate it two stars instead of the initial 5 . The reason is that the machine has gone `` belly up '' after only a little more than two years . First the gaskets came off and had to be replaced ; then the green light which alerts you to release the machine stopped working . Now it does n't seal at all . I think I should have gotten more use for my investment.First Review in 2010 : I have had my sealer for approximately 2 -3 months and am thoroughly satisfied with ease of use and effectiveness of product . I would like to suggest this tip for other users . . if you 're a tightwad like me and want to save money on bags , try this . Wrap your food in portions in `` saran wrap '' , `` cling tight '' , or similar product prior to sealing . Place in sealer bag and seal as usual . When you open the bag , the individual food packages will be sealed tight and will remain so for future use . . unwrap only what you need and place the rest in a regular a ziplock bag . . I kept food in this manner for over a month , without any freezer burns . For Chili , soup , or other liquid food , freeze first in Tupperware or similar product , then wrap and seal as above .
 Product was purchased , not used first time for quite a while . When we did finally use it , one of the contact pins broke off . We had to jerry rig a piece of plastic to make the connection . After doing that it worked quite well , maybe too well for storing cookies . It sucks ALL the air , as intended , out of the bag causing the cookies to smash . Will try it on something else at a later date .
 I bought this item because I harvest alot of my own vegetables , fruits and fish when I tried it I noticed it was very loud but worked ok the first time i used it . The second time I used it , the thing didnt want to seal properly it would read that it was done but when I released the seal I could see air re entering the bags . If I re sealed it a couple of times eventually it would seal though . The third time I used seal a meal it would just run on and on and not seal at all . disgusted I unplugged it and planned on returning it . a couple of days later I plugged it back in just for kicks and it worked properly . I hoped it would continue to so but the other day I went to use it to seal up 30 lbs of fresh fish filets and it didnt work again.I unplugged it and went out and bought a kenmore brand which cost more but at least has a two year warranty . as for the seal a meal ? well it has a date with the target range and a 357 tomorrow morning !
 When we first got this my wife had trouble using it and I thought she was not doin it right so I got it to work . We put it away having only used it once . Got it out and tried to use it and all it does is make noise . Do n't waste your money or the complete hasel to send the thing back .
 I picked up the Model V106 at Wallmart a few months ago . It appears quite similar to the VS107 on this product page , and if indeed it is a similar machine there are some caveats . The VS106 has a single activator button -LRB- and by the photo the VS107 seems the same -RRB- . On my unit the vacuum pump runs whenever the machine is activated . Meaning , if you are simply trying to seal a bag -LRB- and not suck the air out -RRB- , which is a routine process if you use the rolled bags , the pump will turn on needlessly . This will likely reduce its life . Next , I placed my unit into fairly heavy service right away , sealing a backlog of items and performing probably several dozen seals in a few weeks . After a while the actuator started to fail . I had to try several times to get the unit to turn on and seal . The more seals I do the harder it is to turn the unit on . I have to tap the lid really hard , or play simulated `` conga drums '' on it and finally the machine gets in the mood to work ... until it ai n't in the mood anymore . Also , I always have to cut short the amount of time the sealer operates after the vacuum has sucked all the air out . The sealer will actually melt the bag if I let it run the full time . Two or three seconds seems to work -LRB- using the factory seal-a-meal bags -RRB- . Having said that , the unit does apply a good vacuum , and indeed I have sealed a whole plethora of items . It 's just that next time I will spend a bit more than the $ 49.95 Wallmart price . MOST IMPORTANTLY , KEEP YOUR RECEIPT no matter what you buy . Wallmart for example has a 90 day return policy , and if I had n't lost my stupid receipt I could have swapped machines when mine starting acting up . Not sure about Amazon 's policy.Quick tip for newbies : Always make TWO seals on each end of bag . Then if you get a bad seal you have a backup and the bag stays sealed without letting air in .
 Has never worked well when I have many things to vacuum . You literally can not vacuum faster than 1 item every 3-5 minutes and I do n't have time to wait for it . I 've wasted food and plastic rolls on this model . This one is actually my 2nd because my first one worked so well , so I got another one of the same model and I 'm sorry I did . I 'll spend more to get a better product . I 'm sure the manufactorers are betting on that .
 I purchased this a little over a year ago , and sealed a bunch of meat with it . It worked fairly well at first , then it became harder and harder to make it work . I went through all the trouble-shooting whoo ha with it , made sure I was letting it cool sufficiently between uses and so on , but it just kept going downhill . I put it away for a while and just got it back out today . The thing makes noise but does nothing else . I took the gaskets out and made sure they were put back in properly , but nothing . It makes noises and does nothing else . I did not want to have to buy one every year , I 'm not into disposable things . I tried to find new gaskets for it , although there does n't seem to be anything wrong with these , but they are not to be had , anywhere . I have never had a complaint with anything I bought on Amazon except this , and this was a dismal failure . I will not buy another . Maybe not even another of ANY brand .
 This item DOES NOT heat and if it does not heat it does not work . They offer great prices and free shipping but it is for products that are NOT new as mine had been opened and that should have told me something was wrong . Always follow your gut if it 's too good to be true it is .
 I got this unit thinking that I could save money ... I would have been better off spending a little more on the ` real deal ' -LRB- FoodSaver -RRB- . It took FOREVER to seal , the seals were terrible so the bag would immediately fill up with air , and the ` hands free ' button never worked right . I will be taking this back to the store tomorrow and buying a FoodSaver . Do n't waste you time on this !
 Bought Dec. 5 , 2011 and it stopped working on Jan. 12,2012 . Thought it would work longer than this . Do n't waste your money . Bite the bullet and buy a nice one .
 My mom has a Seal A Meal VS107 which she loved , so I decided to buy one as well . I purchased my first Seal A Meal brought it home , and followed all the instructions . When you push the lid down , it sounds like it is working , but does not . The hands free button never comes on , and it just makes noise.I returned it for another one figuring I had a lemon . The new one worked for a few months , and suddenly it started doing the exact same thing as my first one.I went to my moms to use hers only to discover hers had begun to do the same thing . I know I am not doing anything wrong since it worked for a few months.What a piece of crap . I do not advice anyone to buy it , pay the extra and get the Food Saver .
 IF YOU WANT TO WASTE MONEY ON VACUUM SEALING MEATS OR VEGGIES , THIS IS THE TOOL YOU NEED . I DID N'T FINISH SEALING THREE BAGS WHEN IT STARTED BURNING HOLES AND LEAVING GAPS WHERE IT SEALS THE BAGS .
 I just boought this item and it is USELESS ! It will seal , but with air in the bag . Not at all like advertised . Take my advice and buy one with a better rating .
 this is the worst machine . whatevr action u take , it makes A LOT of noise . so f 'n loud and annoying . also , when you vaccum it , your product has to be in perfect place for it to suck out the air and if you only want to take out some of the air , you cant ! it takes out all the air or no air . it also make snoise even when youre just sealing something.TRUST ME , just buy thwe &#34; FoodSaver V3240 Vertical Vacuum Sealer , White &#34; . It 's not even costing a hundered dollars anymore . ITs only 90 bucks now . Trust me . i recently got iy and it worksa amazing . and has a extra features too
 My Foodsaver died , and the store only carried this brand , I assumed it would be similar . The Rival is horrible , ca n't get it to seal . Took 4 hours to seal 3 bags . Forget trying to make your own bags , works better with the pre-fab bags . Would never purchase this item again .
 I bought the Rival VS 107 Seal-a-Meal Vacuum Food Sealer with delight thinking I could keep food for at least a long time as food is getting expensive . I do n't blame anyone , not thinking clearly I tried it in my country -LRB- 220v -RRB- instead of US 110v . So it went `` poof '' . That was all the story and experience I had with this appliance . never giot a chance to store any of my food .
 Bought these `` raw beeswax '' candles thinking they were 100 % beeswax and I was wrong ! These candles are not 100 % beeswax and after I call Root 's retail store in Medina , OH ; I was told that `` raw beeswax is a color '' , then I asked `` What percent beeswax are these candles ? '' and the Root employee answered `` Only the chemist knows ... `` Do NOT buy these candles if you want beeswax candles , it appears only God and `` the chemist '' actually knows what they are made of.They are attractive looking , but NOT beeswax . The price on amazon.com is lower than normal retail , but the candles are over-priced since they are made of a mix of unknown waxes .
 These beeswax candles look good , but do not burn as well as expected . I think they are beeswax , but not 100 % pure beeswax and that makes a difference . *** This is an update to this review
 I ordered this bowl because I assumed that for 32.42 there was more than one bowl in the package . This is a 10 ounce bowl about 3 inches around . I could n't believe that when I got the package it was one bowl . I returned it -LRB- which WAS very convenient and easy -RRB- and found the same bowl at another vendor for 34.00 for 8 -LRB- that 's EIGHT -RRB- of them . Someone should look into the price of this item as I ca n't believe that it is correct !!!
 The product itself looks OK , but the dimensions are totally different from what is described on the Amazon.com website.The website says the rack is 0.1 x 12 x 0.1 inches . I knew the two 0.1 inch dimensions had to be bogus , but assumed - wrongly - that the middle number , the width , was correct.But no ! The rack is 12.5 inches wide , so it does not fit the 12 inch pantry doors I had planned it for , based on the specs on the ad.I have had similar problems with dimension errors on several other products listed by Amazon , and had to return three prior orders for this reason.Someone should proof read these ads , as the wrong data makes future sales of such products iffy , if my experience and reaction are any measure .
 I bought this press to do crafts . The dimensions I were given were completely wrong . I was told the Product in Inches -LRB- L x W x H -RRB-
 This is maybe the worst item that I have ever purchased in my life . The size is totally wrong . Sock , no maybe a half of a sock may fit on the press . I am totally displeased . Ad totally misleading !!!!!! I would rate this product 0 !!!!!!
 I bought this to save time . It took me longer to stem press one shirt then ironing by conventional iron . It was too small . I end up returing it which cost me @ $ 25 in shipping cost both ways .
 Please take this horrible misrepsentation off of your web site , or at the very least practice honesty in advertising . This unit is so small that all it good for is ties , shorts and socks . I feel violated by Amazon and Conair .
 This Item Is Not What It Appears to Be , It is For A New Born Baby Clothing And It should Be Presented That Way It Is Not for Adults Clothing At all I will Not Be Returning it I will Give it to My DAUGHTER FOR HER 5YEAR OLD THAT IS ALL IT IS GOOD FOR .
 I purchase this press , and was totally disappointed with this product . It takes longer to press a shirt with this so called press , than with an iron . I will be returning .
 I could n't say it better than Consumer Reports ... `` The Conair might leave you more steamed than your clothing . In our recent steam irons report , we found conventional irons that worked well and cost less , including the Black & Decker Digital Advantage D2030 , $ 60 , and Hamilton Beach Professional 14970 , $ 35 . ''
 This Conair White Large Table Top Steamer was a great disappointment . First of all it is really small . There is nothing large about it except the box it comes in . The one I purchased did not produce any steam which is on of the major reasons I bought it . I had to use a spray bottle filled with water to get a little moisture on my garments . In my opinion do n't waste your time or money .
 I thought I was getting a different fabric press than what came . The reviews for the conair FSP5 that I read are totally accurate . Do n't buy this , you will be disappointed . It is too small to even put a shirt sleeve on.I am sending it back . As I write this I see what is listed is not what I got . Buyer be ware . This press is n't as wide as an ironing board .
 Very disappointed . It is definitely not large , at least not in my opinion . I will probably give it to one of my kids because they do n't iron often . They might be able to use this .
 Bought first melitta 10 cup , after a short period of time didnot make coffee anymore , just warm off colored water . Bought a second one , after a few months same thing , does not perc long enough to make a cup of hot coffee . Very disappointed with this product it was the only one that was just the right size too bad they do n't work very well .
 I got this model because it was cheaper than the foodsaver models and it was cheaper for a reason . I could not get the lid to lock intoplace hence the machine would not work . I even got my husband and son to try with no success . I sent it back and got the FoodSaver V2240when it went on sale at a local retailer and now I am happy . Stay away from the cheaper imitations .
 I have one of these . It worked fine last year , but when I took it out of storage to get it going this Fall it would n't make a vacuum or seal any type bag - a little noise , a click , and that 's all I got . I tried various sizes and brands of bags - no dice . I wish I had saved the receipt because it 's still under warranty . Oh well , too bad . Now I 'll get a Food Saver .
 We purchased one of these and it worked for about the length of the warranty . The sealer strip burned out and the company said no parts were available for this model , but I could buy a new one . It was around $ 100 . That is expensive for a product that lasted one year . I found a replacement strip from a commercial sealer company and fixed it . About 6months later it died again . I put in another strip and it worked again . After every six months , it dies . Now the motor is dying and no replacements are available . The maker does not offer support in any way and parts are not around . Thank you Rival for your junk . Buy a Food-Saver and you will be happier .
 I have a model similar to this one . I bought it last year and have used it sparingly . It seemed to work fine at first ; however , many of the sealed bags in the freezer have now lost their seal and have expanded , letting in air . Now the sealer is sealing the bags without removing the air . Not good . Customer Service told me I could return it for a replacement , but it would take several weeks . It is cheaply made - so I do not recommend this sealer .
 I bought this item 2 years ago and at first , loved it . After about a year , the heating element that seals the bags developed a hot spot in the middle of the bar , creating holes in the bags . If the purpose of the product is to vacuum out all the air for proper freezer storage , a hole created by the product does n't quite fulfill it 's job . Ca n't buy a replacement heating bar , so for $ 150 -LRB- what I paid -RRB- it 's really junk . Do n't buy this .
 I have had three of these and my kids have each had a couple , and we all agreed - they work for a while and then stop sealing . I 've taken mine apart , tried to see why it stopped working and no luck - another one in the trash . They 're OK for a while , and I wish there was a solution that would work more than a year , but plan on buying a new one every year . If you want to waste your money , that is .
 Like the others have said , you ca n't just seal something , you have to let the unit suck out the air . You ca n't control when enough air is sucked out . The unit just decides to seal at a certain point . There 's usually air left in the bag at the time . Going to buy the other brand .
 I am now on my third Seal-A-Meal and although Rival has replaced two defective products prior to this one , it is by far the worst product I have ever owned . I use it a moderate amount to seal bulk purchases and during late summer to freeze corn we have grown in the garden . Everytime I use the moisture setting it works for about 6-8 seals and then the heating element breaks . It is very frustrating . I would never recommend this product . It does not function properly on the moisture setting .
 Length :
 After use the upper and lower sealing gaskets will begin to deteriorate and this unit will not seal , EVER again . THERE ARE NO REPLACEMENT GASKETS FROM RIVAL . A good scam . DO NOT WASTE YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY on this product !! Go ahead , I CHALLENGE YOU , try to find replacement gaskets . USELESS .
 I 'm afraid I must echo the negative reviews for this product . I bought my Seal-A-Meal VS230 locally and it really is junk . If you do n't get the top of the bag into the channel just so , it wo n't vacuum out the air ; thus it wo n't seal . It sits there in the vacuum mode indefinitely until I cancel it . It wo n't let me seal without vacuuming , and I ca n't have control over how much it vacuums out , which is a hassle since I do n't always want the air fully vacuumed out -- sometimes I just want a permanent seal.It functions about half the time . The heat strip has a bubble in it now -LRB- I 've only used this thing about 40 times -RRB- and I have no doubt that everything I just sealed in the last week will lose the seal and I 'll have to repackage it all -- thus wasting a LOT of money on the very expensive bags . One bag has already lost its seal and it was a smaller package.I 've vacuumed and sealed food for freezer storage before and have lost the seal on many of the packages already , resulting in freezer-burnt foods . You must press down quite hard on both sides to make it work , which may be an issue for some people -LRB- it is for me -- I practically have to stand on it to make it work -RRB- . It takes quite a while to make it through the stages . I 'm not sure why I bought this over another model ; perhaps it was the only one they had or perhaps I was being thrifty since it was cheaper . You really do get what you pay for in most cases ...
 I am now officially convinced that the Seal-A-Meal vacuum food storage system SUCKS -- and not air -- for basic home food storage unless all you want to seal is a couple of bags of dry cereal . My SECOND replacement unit has just stopped working , despite the fact that I gave it more than the requisite 20 second rest time between bags AND at least a 20 minute break in between batches . Got 16 bags done and had to do the rest in ziplocks . This product is a total waste of time and money . Do n't buy one . You 'll save yourself a lot of headaches .
 I bought one because it sealed with a wide band , sometimes you have to play with it to get it to vacuum down , sometimes it want seal . I ca n't get real small bags , living alone , I do n't need real big bags.I tried spliting them and sealing the side and make two bags out of one . It want work . The seal is not tight enough to form a completly vacuum It . It wo n't vacuum down becaue the seal leaks and the sealer want come on.The next one I buy will be a different Brand.I will say when it works right it will keep food a year without any problem .
 Have just tossed out my second VS230 sealer ... both lasted just over a year and the heat strip quit working on both . Tried to purchase the strip but was told they could not sell that part and would be glad to help any other problem I had . Will NOT try another one from that manufacturer !!
 You get what you pay for . It took me two purchases to figure out these dont last . Both we purchased did not last 6 months and maybe 5-6 uses . The unit will lose the step up on the vaccum motor to ` hand free ' mode . Then it will not go to seal . If you need one for 3-4 uses then want to throw it in the trash , this this is the unit for you . Buyer Beware !!!!
 Great device , but ... Several reviews - including about former models - at Amazon say it works well with common plastic bags , but ... it does n't !!! Device is dependant of more acquisitions , and more , and more ... You will NEVER be independent from manufacturer !!! I bought a partner , not an appliance !!! Frustrating ... Felt deceived , a disgusting feeling ... Worse
 Do n't waste the money and time on this sealer . It does n't have a lock on the lid , like the Foodsaver , when you place the bag to seal , so my hands were sore by the time I got all my sealing done . It does n't have an instant sealer , like the FoodSaver , so you waste a lot of time trying to just seal a bag without sucking out the air.One time on the Seal A Meal was enough for me . I packed it up and sent it back and spent more money to get the FoodSaver instead . The extra money is worth it for a more superior machine .
 An important but almost always forgotten consideration when buying a product is customer support . Products should not only be made and operate well , but have the customer and factory support to go along with it.The main reason that I gave this item a single star was due to the customer support I received when I tried to get a replacement part for my VS230 . My heat sealing element broke while sealing a bag . Since I consider myself fairly skilled with a screw driver I took the unit apart and discovered that it should be a fairly easy repair if I could procure a simple part such as the heat sealing element.There is no real parts support through their website www.rivalproducts.com and there is no e-mail support to speak of . I was able to find a phone number for rival/seal-a-meal -LRB- 8005574825 -RRB- which I called . It took three attempts to reach them due to busy signals and dead ends but when I finally did reach an operator , I was very disappointed . When I told them of my dilemma , the best they said they could do was give me a 25 % discount on a new machine . They said they did not carry , nor did they know where I could get a part to repair my machine . They actually suggested that I do a search on the Internet to find one of their parts . I asked to speak to a supervisor and was denied . I never got angry and never got an answer as to why a company that makes a product can not tell me why a customer support section of said company does n't have the ability of providing information about parts for their machines . I was about 80 % satisfied with the machine but have used a food-saver unit and will purchasing a food saver .
 Opted to spend less money to replace a Food Saver , and have regretted it ever since . Not one item that I have attempted to seal has had the air successfully removed . If I did n't have so many bags , I would n't use it to seal one more thing , but would use a retail `` freezer '' storage bag , instead .
 I have the older model , but the same `` hard to close '' lid design . My cover is cracking on the corners from closing even though the manual states
 This is a piece of GARBAGE ! Poorly designed , flimsy plastic top that you have to hold down until the sealing begins ... problem is the sealing NEVER begins . Run , do n't walk , from this lemon . Amazon should be ashamed of themselves for selling such trash .
 This unit is hard to operate . It takes 2 hands to push down full force to get it to start and another 2 hands to hold the bag smooth . I must have wasted 5 bags with them not sealing and the air leaking back in within minutes . If you can afford it , I would recommend a better unit . You basically have to pre-freeze anything from ground beef and thinner or it is virtually impossible to seal .
 Avoid , a piece of junk . Does not work ! Requires two persons to hold lid down . Bought a large amount of steaks , the product did not remove air to a vacuum state , avoid ... Jack
 I bought this to replace one that was worn out but it is too hard . It is very uncomforatble and cover is flimsey .
 I needed a pillow for cervical reasons . . Though this would work . Wrong . The foam indents , and stay that way , so you are not getting any support after using it for 3 or so times .
 I have wanted a set of these dishes for years . Finally purchased a service for 10 last March 2011 . Not long after , I started seeing marks on the plates and bowls . I am disappointed . I have tried all the advice I have found on the web , and still they are there . I love the size of the plates and bowls , and how they feel . The marks look like little hairs . -LRB- gross I have the white , and would not purchase again . Now I am searching for another new set . Will probably go with the Mikasa , as I have had a set of them for 25 years , and they look brand new . Just wanted a new pattern . Oh well , live and learn .
 I 'm in process of returning 2 sets of Scarlet just received today . Very disappointing.The red glazing is awful on the sets I received . AWFUL . There are large bare areas , especially around the rims of the bowls , saucers , and cups . This is not normal for Fiestaware . I already have 3 Scarlet place settings purchased locally just last month ; those 3 sets all look great & have 100 % color coverage.I think this is a quality control issue . These two sets should never have been released from their factory.I guess I will have to stalk the local stores waiting for more Scarlet colors to come in . At least then I can check each setting before buying .
 I received the dishes packed in the original box from the Fiesta company . I actually ordered two sets . In one box a plate was missing . In another box a plate was broken . They were quite dusty -- so probably had been packed for some time.Amazon policy -LRB- because it came from the company -RRB- is that I would have to return the whole set to the company -- which I had already unpacked . They could not send me replacement pieces . So I combined the two sets and kept one complete set and returned the broken/missing set.I purchased these for a good price on Amazon . However , I lost the savings when I had to return a set at my expense.Also , it was very difficult to get the information I needed on the Amazon website . It took quite a bit of my time.I eventually received a replacement set.I have stopped purchasing as much from Amazon . I will never buy dishes again from this site . It was a waste of my time and money . I am happy with the dishes , but it 's just as easy to get them on sale locally.Amazon really disappointed this customer . I should have received credit for the return postage . It was impossible to talk to anyone or get any information about that .
 Really poor color matching . The cups were n't even the same color category as the plates . Some pieces never arrived many weeks after the order . Trying to return it introduced us to the nonexistent customer support department at Amazon . Their emails do n't accept replies -LRB- I wonder why -RRB- and just try to find the form for submitting a message - it 's buried so deep in their site I 'm suprised it was n't crushed by the weight of all the pages above it . And then , when you do submit a message , no one reads it ... you just can a nonsensical canned reply . In the future I would n't buy anything from Amazon I could n't afford to lose .
 This comforter is beautiful and warm . For the first year we had no issues with it . After the first year , however , the batting inside began to slide to the edges and corners . The corners are particularly bad with very large clumps of batting in each of them . The clumps are probably 8 inches in diameter . It appears that either the batting is of poor quality or there is insufficient quilting to keep it in place . This is unfortunate because in all other regards it is a nice comforter .
 This iron is long in the body , so it often wants to fall over.It is difficult to set down , as it is not stable on the ironing board.The long tail piece behind the ironing surface is part of the problem , and the rest is caused by the cord.What a disapointment , from an otherwise good product .
 Con -LRB- s -RRB-
 SHARK is terrible , pure and simple . My steamer stopped working after a few weeks and this iron never stayed on . When I first saw the ad for a floor steamer I shuddered ... I 'm willing to bet there are many disappointments with that product as well . Funny how they have no email to complain to ... . I will never go near another Shark product again !!!
 Many great features and an excellent `` feel , '' but the iron began to switch off randomly while ironing within a few months . NO satisfaction whatsoever from their customer service . I did n't buy through Amazon , but at a local store , and was inspired to write the review while shopping for a new iron on Amazon .
 I bought this iron to use while I sew . My first project was a satin bridesmaid dress ... and this darned iron dripped and stained the fabric . No matter what settings , how much/little water was used , etc -- NOTHING kept it from dripping !
 I 'm a single guy who has wasted a lot of time with this piece of garbage . It shuts off after a few minutes and then it never really works right even after plugging it in , letting it rest , does n't matter . Worthless when trying to get a shirt ironed before work , you will pull your hair out . Do n't even think about two shirts , even if it works , it barely gets hot enough . A real waste of time and money .
 This iron is awful !! It states that it does n't leak?Well , I can not iron one item without such leaking that I have to stop ! I have done everything the instructions say to do to no avail . I just had to warn others against buying a Shark iron . It 's truly awful ! The design is definitely flawed .
 This iron has tiny feet that does not provide a sturdy base . Also , the cord tends to fall right under the open handle , thus leaving it off balance and making it easy to topple over.This iron has fallen off of my ironing board a few times . I bought a wider ironing board , and again , when placing it down , the cord landed under the handle again and it fell to the floor . Thank goodness my legs where not near the base of it ! I will not even donate this to goodwill . It will be going in the trash.It irons well - but proceed with caution .
 I bought this iron because of the high heat it is supposed to generate , as well as the steam function . Well , it does give you a high heat , but the water in the iron leaks like a sponge . I almost scalded my hand on the leak once when I picked it up to use and the water came out like Niagra Falls . It should be taken off the market !
 This iron worked okay but less than a year after I bought it , I was ironing one day and smelled a burning smell , then sparks started to fly out of the area where the cord joins the iron . After I had unplugged it , I could see that the cord had come apart and there were exposed wires . I have been using irons for over 40 years and nothing like this has every happened before . I will never buy an iron made in China again , NEVER.Joanne , Aurora , CO
 I ordered this mirror from the seller gohastings . The mirror arrived broken . It was packaged very poorly - not wrapped in bubble wrap , only had some paper thrown in the box with it .
 I did not understand the 4 inch tub size in the write-up and ordered this . It was too big to fit on my new walk-in bath tub . We were not able to make it fit so would have liked to return it , but the company turned down my request to return it . Perhaps it should be mentioned to sit horizontal the walls of the tub must be at least 4 inches .
 This product was listed as frequently being bought along with things like the demineralization cartridge for the Venta Ultrasonic VS-205 and VS-207 Humidifiers . When I received it , the labelling says specifically that it is NOT for ultrasonic humidifiers . It would cost about as much to ship it back as it cost , so I am stuck with it and hopefully will find some use for it someday .
 The box for this item clearly states that this is NOT for use with the humidifiers.It 's not worth the cost of shipping to get my money back.But , DO NOT BUY FOR YOUR HUMIDIFIER .
 This cleaner is for an air-cleaner , not a humidifyer although it was listed as something that should be purchased with an order for a humidifyer filter .
 I have n't used the product yet but I just read the box and realized that the entire bottle is for just one time cleaning . -LRB- Should have read the description -RRB- It 's hard to justify the price for this simple solvent and I 'm compeled to find other ways to clean the contraption if I want to clean it regularly during the winter season .
 I 've had this unit for three years and was hoping it would service my one bedroom apartment . After three years , I have to say that I 'm disappointed with my purchase . Even when I used this in my bedroom with the door closed -LRB- 1/3 of my apartment -RRB- , the unit still failed to raise the humidity of the room much higher than say 40 % . While I still use the unit , thinking it at least provides a cleaning benefit , I now use the Air-o-Swiss product . Lastly , I do n't recommend the oils/scents that can be added to the water - I think they gum-up the fan and underlining of the cover .
 I bought one of these things a week ago at BED , BATH , AND BEYOND . I took it home and it was broken on top . I returned it the next day . I took the next one home and it looked okay , until I tried to use it . I was shocked at how cheaply made it is . There is a small piece of silicone strap that drives the little cogs and fingers which in turn drive the evaporation wheels . I could not get one of the two wheels to work . Everything is made of plastic parts that are not very sturdy . Also , on the second unit I got to replace the first one , the plastic housing for the wheels started coming apart . I would have expected something a whole lot better from Germany . I paid around $ 358 , with a discount , for this unit . From what I saw , it is only worth around $ 50 , at the most . You can get a good quality whole house unit for a central AC system for $ 300 . This unit comes with a 10 year warranty . I would have had to use it right away , if I 'd kept it . If the warranty is like the unit , watch out for the fine print . Do n't waste your money on this one !
 I agree with all the 1 stars . This has to be the worst machine that is made in Germany . I recieved mine and when I went to clean the fan for the first time I took it apart and noticed that their where cracks on the corners . I called Venta and asked if this is covered under warranty and they stated no . I could not belive I paid $ 347.00 for a crappy machine . I am sending this back to amazon for a full refund . Buyers beware this machine does not do what it states and it is really poorly made . The Upper House of the machine will break eaisly . Very cheap plastic . I will never buy another Venta machine !!!!
 I received my Venta yesterday . Unpacked it , carefully read the instructions and tried to start it up this morning and repeatedly got a red light warning instead of a start.The first time I called Venta 's US customer service the phone was answered by a dimwit who sounded like he was either stoned or asleep . The only words I managed to get out of him were various mumbled forms of `` Huh ? '' and `` Waitta minnit '' . Dimwit finally transferred me to a number that left me on hold for 5 minutes . It was eventually answered by a woman who asked me a couple of questions then transferred me to another number that answered then promptly hung up on me.I called back and the phone was answered by the woman who had transferred me to the land of the dead on the previous call . For some reason she was now able and willing to help me . She had a remarkable -LRB- attractive -RRB- voice and accent so I 'm sure she was the same person . I have no idea why she could not help me on the earlier call ... Once I finally reached a person who was -LRB- a -RRB- not comatose and -LRB- b -RRB- was willing to spend literally two minutes of their time troubleshooting we discovered that the unit I received had a faulty motor , then told me that Venta would not service or replace it because I did n't buy it direct from them . -LRB- Thank you Amazon ! -RRB- It may -LRB- or may not -RRB- be a nice humidifier but I wo n't replace it with another because I 'd rather not support a company that treats their customers in such a shabby way .
 This over priced piece of junk was a waste of money . Like some of the other people on this site , I thought that if I purchased the most expensive I was getting the best . WRONG . Two issues
 I am one who believes in buying the best in everything because in the long run it saves you money . Boy , was I wrong about this one . This expensive humidifier is not what I expected at all ... when i opened the package , the item looked like a plastic toy with a large fan inside . Of all the German made products that i own -LRB- and i own many , including Leica cameras -RRB- , this has to be the one item that most resemble products made in China !! The whole thing is made of cheap plastic and mine arrived in already damaged condition . When i tried to return the item back to the seller -LRB- Ace photo and digital -RRB- , they said that I have to pay for the return shipping !!!! This gadget is basically a fan blowing off water . It is clunky in appearance and NOT at all sturdy looking . i am very dissapointed in this German company . This humidifier is NOT worth over 50 dollars in my opinion . I am very , very disappointed . i recently purchased an Air-O - Swiss humidifier and that is a real winner.Don ' t worry , I do n't work for either company . I am a physician .
 They updated this product a couple of years ago and I have had nothing but trouble with the new model . I have returned two already and the one I have now just shut down . Apparently , I am the only person in the world who is experiencing difficulty with this product . I loved my venta airwasher and have bought several over the past 10 or so years . I keep one in my music room . I will be looking for a new solution to my humidification needs .
 I bought one WL 25 , one WL45 , all newest models . With the two running full speed in a 400 sq ft bedroom the hydrometer shows the highest humidity only 38 or 39 -LRB- room temperature at 21-23 -RRB- , it seems good for cleaning the air only.In terms of outputting water , it is only one third of my two Swiss air -LRB- the only problem with which is the white dust -RRB- . Venta is dust free but deffinately not for humidifying rooms . Very disappointed .
 Just saw a repost on it from CR and they were not impressed . I love the claim of `` gets stuff down to 10 microns . '' 10 microns in the particle world is HUGE ! Most debris that size is not even airborne . Even the most basic water filters , for example , are rated at 3 microns .
 Venta advertisement makes this unit so attractive , but wait ... they do n't tell you what a nightmare you get after a few months of usage . It is simply impossible to clean the rotating disks . These disks get clogged up with bacteria , minerals , dirt and mildew . I spent 2 hours yesterday and still could not clean it well enough . They say that you can wash the disks in the dishwasher -LRB- using cold water and no detergent - tell me how can you wash anything in these conditions ? -RRB- . I do n't think so . I even used a toothbrush and still no results , lot of time wasted . So you get a dirty unit that will remain dirty no matter what you do . This is a very very bad engineering.Next thing - very inconvenient to refill with water . The tank has no handles , it is big and heavy ... unless you have a hose in the bathroom it is not a simple task to refill this unit . Then the water gets into small holes on the sides of the tank and eventually ends up on the floor . I had to use a plastic tray -LRB- not included -RRB- under the unit.Finally the price is ridiculous . What are you charging me for ? A huge piece of plastic and a fan ? You know , I can grow bacteria someplace else and totally free of charge.Venta does not want you to take this unit back to the store where you purchased it . Wrong ! I took it back and got a refund . Bye bye Venta . I hope not to see you again .
 I bought this unit around Xmas 2010 , we use it properly 4 times a week for every 4 hours or so . So I would consider we are the light users . However , two weeks ago , the disk stop turning , so I dig out the receipt , the original box and tried to contact the customer service , he said that since we did n't register the unit using the register card , they would charge for checking and fixing . I thought this would be ridiculous , and I even have the receipt and original box with us . I do n't know how much the fixing would cost and would even think that i might not even worth trying to pay them for the fixing .
 After living with a low end humidifier that did little and made too much noise for the bedroom I decided I would get the best humidifier at any cost . That was three years ago and at that time the Venta fit that bill . My initial impression of the Venta was very good - the idea of a fan blowing over wet disks seems pretty ingenous and solves problems like airborn bacteria , mineral deposits , and gives the machine some air cleaning capabilities . Right from the start I was surprised how poorly it humidified the air - checked with a high quality hygrometer it only raises a medium sized bedroom 's humidity by about 5 % at maximum speed and is useless at lower speeds . Furthermore , at maximum speed the device sounds like an unusually loud room fan which is difficult to sleep with . People talk about the device being quiet at the slowest speed - which it was - but this setting is ineffective at humidifying even a small room based on my readings with a hygrometer.Now I 've lived with this unit for 3 years and have encountered further problems that have finally driven me to admit this whole purchase was not a good idea.The first problem with this unit is that the `` air washing '' capability results in the machine getting dirty ... but unlike almost every other kind of humidifier this dirt is everywhere on the machine - throughout the disks , all over the fan , all inside surfaces . On the inside surfaces -LRB- which have lots of hard to clean nooks -RRB- this dirt is similar to a sticky wax and on the wet surfaces its more like a slime . I spend about 30 minutes struggling to clean it each time I try before I feel I 've done an OK job . The Venta cleaner additive does n't work that well on the disks , does n't do anything for the waxy sludge on the housing because it does n't touch it , and the unit has so many difficult to clean parts that it 's nearly impossible to get all the dirt . I even tried putting the non-electrical parts in the dishwasher which does n't work either.The second problem is that this device can `` easily '' generate very loud noises to the point that I have to shut the machine off because I 'd rather be tormented by dry air than this devices groanings . I say easily because it is possible with enough cleaning and fiddling to keep this device operating at the `` merely loud '' fan noise that it had when I got it . But after 3 years this is becoming very difficult to accomplish . There are two possible sources for this noise . First , the gears themselves operate by having plastic tabs press against the gears in an undulating fashion . When clean this usually happens quietly ... but when even slightly dirty these tabs can make a loud studdering noise that is caused by two materials not moving against each other smoothly . If you 've ever heard your car 's windshield wipers studder across your windshield instead of smoothly glide over the glass you know what this sounds like . It 's not quite that loud , but when you 're trying to sleep it might as well be . The second source for this noise is imbalance in the fan . With a little dirt on the leading edge of the fan the fan seems to be aerodynamically or statically out of balance and makes an undulating groan about every 4-6 seconds the way an old fan can be expected to . On a $ 15 room fan it would be the kind of noise that might cause you to throw it out and get a new one . On a humidifier this expensive?Finally the device is sensitive to being assembled in just the right way or it will make the noises I 've mentioned above much more easily . Normally you just put the top on the device and you 're in business . But with these noises you start pressing on different parts of the top to try to shift the plastic pieces into better alignment . Once you press in just the right way and the device stops making noise you slowly remove the pressue and 99 % of the time the noise comes back . If you push and prod you are sometimes able to get the machine to be quite , but often you have to unlatch everything , reseat the fan assembly and start over . That gets old fast when its 3am and the machine just starts making a really annoying noise that wakes you up.I call my 3 year journey with this Venta machine a battle because I 've tried tons of things to help compensate for this machine 's problems . The initial problem of low humidification is because the device sets up its own recirculating airflow that 's limited to an area fairly local to the device . The humidity within one foot of the device is very good according to my hygrometer . The humidifier 's fan sucks this air back into itself repeatedly . By placing another fan to the side of the Venta to provide room circulating air current you can get an additional 3-5 % humidity 5-7 feet away from the device -LRB- like where you 're head is in bed -RRB- . Of course now you 've got another source of noise in the bedroom.To compensate for the gear noise and the dirt problems I 've tried adding all kinds of things to the water that might act as either a cleaner or a lubricant or both . I 've tried double quantities of the Venta additive , a variety of soaps , various aeromatic oils in quantities where the oil 's lubricant properites might help . Really nothing is effective.In the end I have to say that I 'm most dissapointed by this machine 's price . The unit is nothing more than a large hunk of plastic with fan on top of it . If it was made in China this unit would cost $ 39.95 . But its made in Germany by a company that seems to be over charging far beyond what the added expense of German manufacturing and poor exchange rate would explain . Being German made I was expecting that the unit be better engineered . The machine is built well - nothing has broken in 3 years of constant operation . Its weaknesses are not structural . There are simple ways of eliminating the problems I 've listed . Fan noise can be reduced by using a larger , slower moving fan with more and better bearings -LRB- something that should be expected in a $ 500 device -RRB- . The gear mechanism that generates so much noise should be replaced with a non-contact device like a magnetic drive similar to high grade aquarium pumps . A top of the line magnetically driven pump costs 1/3 of what this Venta costs so magnetic mechanisms should easly have been considered for a $ 500 device . That these obvious techiques ... or any others ... are not employed on a device of this cost in the face of its inherent problems is criminal .99 % of the time I recommend spending the extra money -LRB- even if it 's 5-10 times more -RRB- and getting a machine built the right way . This machine is not built the right way - it 's just 5-10 times as expensive . I do n't believe anyone is building a humidifier the right way at this time . Given this I would have to recommend one of the 4 + star devices for $ 50-70 - steam seems to be the best for avoiding white powder and bacteria . I 've purchased two Honeywell HWM450 steam humidfiers for $ 55 each . Their ability to humidify is incredible . In the same bedroom with 50 % humidity the Vental might get it up to 55 % . The Honeywell can get it to 70 % if you want and has digital controls for setting the exact humidy you want -LRB- although they do n't work that well -RRB- . Overall any shortcomings of the $ 55 Honeywell are not related to it 's main function - humidifying . The same ca n't be said for the VENTA .
 Bought the LW22 1 year ago and thought its too small , because of no result.so , the Venta LW 44 same story , when the cold weather came to Florida we could not get the humidity over 35 % . To return the unit seems to be a hassle2011-01-19Eric
 After 4 years , the entire unit is corroded . Venta refuses to replace the unit and they have this guy on the phone that keeps telling you `` We do n't warrant the housing , only when the motor break '' . When you add water , foams come out of the thing even after you use the cleaner and the additives religiously . My condo has hardwood floors and I vacuum daily and we also have 3M Filtre 1900 that captures even the smallest air particles , so it 's not the environment.There 's a reason Bed Bath and Beyond yanked their products off the shelves and rightfully so.Not only do they not want to replace my unit , the customer service rep asked whether I 'd like to send the unit in for a PROFESSIONAL CLEAN . So it 's going to be $ 49.99 for them to clean this system , even though they have this supposed 10 year warranty . And then the rep says , `` Oh , maybe you are using too much additive . You should stop using so much then the gunk will fall away . '' What a load of xxxx , the gunk will not go away , I 've used their cleaner 2 times already in the past month.Horrible product , do not buy . If you do buy , do n't say you have n't been forewarned . Got tricked by them damn Nazi humidifier that was designed like 80 years ago . Paid $ 400 for this thing , I guess if I count the four years of use , it comes out to $ 100 a year , not to mention the cost of the additives and the cleaner . Do your math people , just walk away slowly .
 Used both this model and the smaller LW24 for a year.Here 's my experience : - Good , not great humidification . Specifically , there 's not a need for a humidistat , but they also take a while to get humidity up . - Quiet at low speed -LRB- best for sleeping -RRB- , tolerable at medium speed -LRB- best for maintaining humidity -RRB- , noisy at high speed -LRB- best for getting humidity up to desired level -RRB- - Seasonal maintenance cost is reasonable -LRB- about $ 10 for end of season cleaner , $ 20 for a season 's worth of water additive -RRB- - The biggie
 I was disappointed in the quality of the item . The zippers did not match the fabric and were sewn rather unevenly . The piping around the pillows was not sewn evenly either and the pillow stuffing did not fill out the pillow covers at all .
 I was disappointed when I went to put this on my futon . The seam of the zipper was torn about six inches . How does this pass inspection before being sent out ? I would return it , but I do n't want to deal with the hassle and wait . I can fix it , but I expected a bit more quality than this . Really disappointed with the quality of sewing .
 I have wanted a set of these dishes for years . Finally purchased a service for 10 last March 2011 . Not long after , I started seeing marks on the plates and bowls . I am disappointed . I have tried all the advice I have found on the web , and still they are there . I love the size of the plates and bowls , and how they feel . The marks look like little hairs . -LRB- gross I have the white , and would not purchase again . Now I am searching for another new set . Will probably go with the Mikasa , as I have had a set of them for 25 years , and they look brand new . Just wanted a new pattern . Oh well , live and learn .
 I received the dishes packed in the original box from the Fiesta company . I actually ordered two sets . In one box a plate was missing . In another box a plate was broken . They were quite dusty -- so probably had been packed for some time.Amazon policy -LRB- because it came from the company -RRB- is that I would have to return the whole set to the company -- which I had already unpacked . They could not send me replacement pieces . So I combined the two sets and kept one complete set and returned the broken/missing set.I purchased these for a good price on Amazon . However , I lost the savings when I had to return a set at my expense.Also , it was very difficult to get the information I needed on the Amazon website . It took quite a bit of my time.I eventually received a replacement set.I have stopped purchasing as much from Amazon . I will never buy dishes again from this site . It was a waste of my time and money . I am happy with the dishes , but it 's just as easy to get them on sale locally.Amazon really disappointed this customer . I should have received credit for the return postage . It was impossible to talk to anyone or get any information about that .
 Really poor color matching . The cups were n't even the same color category as the plates . Some pieces never arrived many weeks after the order . Trying to return it introduced us to the nonexistent customer support department at Amazon . Their emails do n't accept replies -LRB- I wonder why -RRB- and just try to find the form for submitting a message - it 's buried so deep in their site I 'm suprised it was n't crushed by the weight of all the pages above it . And then , when you do submit a message , no one reads it ... you just can a nonsensical canned reply . In the future I would n't buy anything from Amazon I could n't afford to lose .
 I 'm in process of returning 2 sets of Scarlet just received today . Very disappointing.The red glazing is awful on the sets I received . AWFUL . There are large bare areas , especially around the rims of the bowls , saucers , and cups . This is not normal for Fiestaware . I already have 3 Scarlet place settings purchased locally just last month ; those 3 sets all look great & have 100 % color coverage.I think this is a quality control issue . These two sets should never have been released from their factory.I guess I will have to stalk the local stores waiting for more Scarlet colors to come in . At least then I can check each setting before buying .
 I was very disappointed with this purchase . I had an Euro-pro steam generator iron for about 5 years and I thought this one would be the same but , after 3 usages , It just died . I am very very disappointed . I would not recommend this model to any customer .
 I purchased this iron and after about three to four uses it died ! I am an advid iron user and this really disappoints me that this iron is a piece of crap ! I have been trying to get it fixed , but to no avail !
 I purchases these rails based on the good name of Middle Atlantic , however despite their quality brand I found the rails to be quite lack luster . They appear to have painted the rails black , which is fine , but the paint has found its way into the threads making these rails very difficult to use .
 Since many reviewers have already talked about this clock 's good points , I 'm just going to rant about its bad ones :1 -RRB- As some have already pointed out , the green LCD display is WAY too bright . If I look directly into it in the dark , I have to cover my eyes ! 2 -RRB- The ` grad-u-wake ' feature does n't work with the CD player , and with the alarm clock , it starts out too loud to actually be useful for what it was intended for .3 -RRB- If you wake up to the CD player and are a habitual Snooze button presser . . When you hit Snooze , the clock will simply flash the CD track number it was playing , so after the 2nd or 3rd time , you have absolutely NO idea what time it is4 -RRB- Also , when the Snooze time is up , the CD player will simply continue with where the song left off the first time , instead of starting the song over again . So if you had picked songs with silent intros to wake up to , once you hit the Snooze button , you 're probably going to be blasted out of bed anyway the 2nd or 3rd time around .5 -RRB- Button placement is horid . The Snooze button is right in the center of the clock , and is n't as big as it should be . The OFF button is located around 3 other buttons of the same size , and does n't stick out like a sore thumb in the morning like it needs to.It 's really a shame that engineers ca n't put their collective heads together and design better alarm clocks than what we 're currently stuck with : -LRB-
 I ordered this clock less than three months ago , and within the last several weeks , it has become possessed . The alarm fails to go off occasionally for no explicable reason , and the CD player runs amok , requiring that I unplug the radio from the wall socket . Not only will the demonic thing not play my CD 's , it refuses to respond to any of the control buttons once the CD player takes over.It was disappointing to discover that the display has no brightness control , but that information is not always given online . My old GE clock radio , god rest its soul , did have brightness control . I bought this GE based on my high level of satisfaction from my older model that functioned as expected for 16 years before I gave it away.I 've already ordered a replacement for this little monster .
 This product was described to fit the Fellowes Powershred 320cc - but they do n't . I had to retrun them . Double check with Fellowes before ordering bags to make sure you are ordering the right ones .
 I just finished mopping the batter for my flourless souffle cake off the floor . This pan does not lock securely . As I went to put it into the oven , the bottom fell out , leaking all of my precious chocolate filled batter . Buyer beware !!
 This 8 '' sprinform pan was a big disappointment . The base of the pan did not fit snugly in the pan itself . It also leaked . I wish I would have tested it before I used it . After baking a chocolate torte that leaked , I filled the pan with water and it came leaking out . Also , the rim on the bottom of the pan was very hard to clean . I had to use a toothpick to dig out the batter . If I can find the receipt I am going to return it .
 Shipper sent pans with a smidgen of packing ... both pan bottoms were bent . Inside of Wilton pan bottoms are textured to the point that removing the cheesecake is virtually impossible . I have been making cheesecakes for many years and have never had a problem like I had with these pans . Have spoken with a bakery owner who concurred she is having the same problem .
 Very poor quality . Thin composition.I would prefer a heavier constructed pan.Has blemishes on sides of pan.I assumed Wilton would have better quality cake pans .
 This is a very nice soap dispnser but I bought it with the toothbrush holder from the same collection and the oil rub bronze finish is quite different between the 2 . Moen said they can not guarrantee any items in the ORB finish will be similar and thats that . Really disappointed because now can not return to amazon as the return window has closed.On a positive note i was able to spray paint these in a nice bronze metallic crom krylon so not all was los
 Looks nice and works well . However , the finish on thebronze-colored top around the porcelain base comes off with exposure to soap . It is not a durable finish and wo n't look nice for very long . I 'm going to call Moen and see what they will do .
 These chairs are total junk . Obviously hand made by unskilled workers . Bad welds and sloppy hole drilling made them almost impossible to assemble . Ordered four and had to re-drill holes in two of them . Also they are smaller than most chairs and the fabric color is a putrid cream . One of the foot protectors broke within a half hour . These may even be unsafe to use . I wish I could undo this purchase . Save your money .
 Just received the ordered product but the acrylic ` feet ' are missing . There is one in the middle and I can see where the remainder had been attached at one time but are not there now . Too bad . This is a nice , sturdy cutting board but I did not get what was pictured nor what I ordered . I am returning it and will update this review after that process .
 The rubber nubs underneath this board appear to be well secured and the product arrived in good shape . I would have preferred a heavier construction however . I bought this to straddle my sink so that I could cut and wash all in the same place . The plastic is thinner and bows when I cut veggies . Good design -LRB- large -RRB- but too flimsy to rate higher . I now just use it for a counter board so that there is support under it .
 The cutting board looks nice , but is far too thin and after a few days , it warped . One of the glued on feet fell off .
 Previous Acrylic Plastic Cutting Boards I 've bought , came with 9 non-slip feet for stability . The picture of this one on Amazon only shows four , but I bought it anyway , thinking that maybe four is all it needs . When it arrived it only had three feet .
 I ca n't feel a noticeable difference in the ambient humidity just running this thing in our bedroom of 200sf . It was mostly quiet originally , but now it has an intermittent hum . I 've only had it for a few months .
 Yes , this humidifier is small , quiet , and low maintenance , but it also does n't do its stated job . We filled it with water , added the included solution , per the instructions , put it in our sons room and let it run all night with the door closed . His room is probably 150 square feet , so not very big . We have a humidity gauge in his room . When we turned the humidifier on that night , it said 24 % . The next day , it said 24 % . For almost $ 200 , I 'd expect this thing to be functional . It 's going back asap .
 I first purchased this dehumidifier in 10/06 and it quit working almost immediately . Newair did replace it and the replacement worked until June , when it suddenly quit functioning . I contacted Newair re the warranty and got no response .
 I bought this dehumidifier thirteen months ago , and it seemed to do its job well for about six months . At the six month mark , it began having problems collecting moisture , which seemed odd because the unit was operating -LRB- turning on , fan woring , receiving current , etc. -RRB- . This unit was placed in a high-moisture area and just seemed to have a mind of its own , randomly alternating the days it decided to and not to collect moisture . After ten months , it simply stopped collecting any moisture whatsoever .
 I was really excited to get this product however it has not worked since I have received it ... . I 'm still contemplating returning it .
 I have had the same problem as others - this unit worked fine for 2 months and then one day I went to empty out the pan and it hasnt worked since
 Although the unit did a marvelous job in the three weeks I owned it ... the on and off switch suddenly froze and then literally broke off . Upon further examination , I discovered that some plastic attachment in the switch area had kind of melted inside it ... -LRB- This could have been the cause of the malfunction but I am not an expert ! -RRB- I would not recommend it for the sole reason that an investment in a devise such as this ought to last longer than one month . I am deeply disgusted and disappointed .
 Mine broke after 2 months of use . I would n't recommend either based on the fact of how small an area it covers .
 I plugged it on , flipped the switch , and it did n't work . Something inside was messed up . I messed around with it and got it to work for literally once second . Then it turned off again . I tried for 20 more minutes and it would n't turn on.I called to have them send me another one . They refused unless I sent it back . Sorry but I 'm not wasting an hour of my time at the post office , paying for the gas to get me there , and I 'm not paying the 15 % restocking fee to send back a broken piece of equipment only worth $ 40 . It 's not worth my time our theirs.So in the end , I 'm out $ 40 . I advice you to spend more money and order from a different company .
 I 'd read previous reviews of the ADS-300 dehumifier . They accurately conveyed that the dehumifier is quiet , small and uses -LRB- I assume -RRB- little electricity . I purchased two and placed them in my bathrooms . However , I have n't been impressed with the quantity of moisture they removed from the air . Although I have n't measured it , it appears to be in the neighborhood of 4 oz/day .
 I do n't know if I got a defective unit or what , but this thing has only collected about a cup of of water in our tiny -LRB- 5x7 foot -RRB- all-tile bathroom over about 6 weeks . I tried jostling the reservoir , moving it , unplugging/resetting , but it 's just not sucking that much water out of the room . It is pretty quiet , does n't have any problems like leaking , and I can feel it moving air -LRB- warm breeze coming out of the top of the unit -RRB- , but it 's just not collecting much moisture , even though there is plenty available and we keep it running 24/7 . It looks like some other people have had considerably more success than we did , and I thought the size of our bathroom made it perfect for the size of this unit , but the reviews -LRB- including mine -RRB- maybe suggest inconsistent product quality . Since it was a long time before I was able to get the unit set up after I bought it , I think I 'll relocate it to my closet instead of trying to return it , since it does pull * something * out of the air . Maybe you will have a better experience .
 This little dehumidifier completely changed my daughter 's room from a damp chilly room to a drier warmer-feeling one . The only problem was that one day , the on/off switch got stuck in the off position . It seemed easy enough to fix - looked as though something inside just slipped down which caused the switch to get stuck , but we could n't open the unit - the screw was stripped -LRB- makes me wonder if I actually got sent a new unit or a refurbished one when I paid for a new one -RRB- . We got in contact with the vendor - they were willing to fix the unit , but only if we paid the shipping both ways -LRB- $ 8 each way -RRB- which they told us we could `` conveniently '' charge to our credit card . When I objected and suggested they were not standing behind their product , I never heard another word . Overall a dissappointing experience - I would recommend steering clear of this vendor -LRB- Air & Water -RRB- .
 I bought this product because I take very long showers , and then once I open the door to my room and let in all the steam , it is hard to sleep because it is so humid . I left this in my bathroom for weeks , making sure to even leave my door closed . Well , by the end , there was not one drop of water in the bucket . Obviously very disappointing .
 it was good while it lasted , which was about 3 weeks . I made the mistake of buying 2 , now I have 2 broken down dehumidifiers and a closet full of stinky clothes.I had read bad reviews before I bought but I failed to follow the advise , please do not make the same mistake I did and do not buy this .
 I purchased this unit for a small closet . I received several customer service emails before it arrived to make sure I was satisfied with my product . It did not work out of the packaging -LRB- fan blades did not turn -RRB- . As soon as I had a defective product , I inquired about how I could return it . It turns out the return policy is that the customer pays shipping and unless you get an exchange , you 're subject to a 15 % restocking fee . Also , you have to wait 2-3 weeks for a return number , package the return in a very specific way and mail within 7 business days of receiving the return number , or it will be refused . This is not what I would call satisfactory customer service . I have inquired about waiving shipping fees for a defective product but am not holding my breath . I would never do business with this company again.Update
 There is no way this nightstand retails for the $ 300 + price indicated . I paid about 120 for it and it is not good value for the money . On the positive side ... it comes fully assembled , the finish is ok , the drawers work . On the negative side , the piece may contain some wood , but is certainly not solid and the drawer pulls are very cheap looking . I tried to find replacements and could not find modern pulls that lined up with the holes in the drawer .
 Price was compelling and finishes look better in the picture . Thought the hardware was actual metal ... false ! Looks cheap and worth under $ 100 ! BIG DISAPPOINTMENT !
 I purchased this product and loved it , but for one very major flaw -- after just 4 short months of usage , the unit is rusting at the weld points.I can understand how this might happen after several years of use , but 4 months ? That is completely unacceptable . I am now looking for a pure stainless steel expandable over-the-sink dish drain , but so far , no luck . -LRB- I 've learned that not all stainless steel is pure , thus the huge cost difference between S/S sinks , for instance . Pure = no rust . Different alloys in the mix = rust . -RRB- I also agree with the user who said the holes in the silverware holder are in the wrong spot -- water collects on the side opposite the holes , which is a design flaw . Presumably , the manufacturer expects the user to hang it one way only , thus the holes on one side only . But , users are clearly using it in other ways , and so additional holes are needed.The glass cleaner accessory was interesting , but not worth the space it would take up so I promptly donated it . The plastic countertop dish drain tray that comes with it is great , for the times one needs the entire sink.IF this product did n't rust so fast , I 'd recommend it whole-heartedly . Sadly , I can not do so at this point in time .
 The photo for this item shows a white napkin with black stripes . What gets shipped is a black napkin with white stripes . Since the label on the napkin itself matches the description on this item , I believe it 's the photo here that is wrong.Nice quality napkins , though . Heavier than I expected . If they had been the right color , I 'd have kept them .
 This blind is very nice looking and was easy to install and fits nicely on my window . For that it gets two stars . However , as a window blind it is completely worthless . You can see right through it , it 's like it 's not even there . You can see through it completely without a problem and it does n't filter any light whatsoever , does n't even reduce glare . So if you just want this for decoration it is a good choice , if you actually want a SHADE for your window skip this one !
 When i received the product here at my address i had to ship it to our son in kentucky for our GrandDaughter.He opened it up and found there was no screws to put it together and it had dings and marks all on the wood from not being wrapped good for shipping purposes.I am sorry but we are very disappointedDavid Gagnon
 I just wish I had had access to these reviews before I plunked down the money for this product . Exasperated with buying and replacing filters , smelling mold , listening to noisy contraptions , I figured what the heck - I 've tried everything else . Running full blast this thing could n't even get the humidity in my small music studio up to 30 % on a cold day here in a suburb of Philadelphia . As other reviewers have pointed out , you get no water level indicator , no shut-off when the water dries out , no humidistat to turn it on and off automatically . I could go on.I see that they 're selling them used starting at $ 280 . I 'll give you mine for $ 25 with my undying thanks .
 The Venta-Airwasher may be good as a humidifier in countries like Germany where it is extremely cold in winter and the heating stays on 24 hours round the clock , thus there is a continuous need to replace the replenished humidity in the air . But here in San Francisco the weather is mild and we have plenty of humidity in the air due to fog and there is no need to keep heating on 24 hours . If one airs one 's apartment on a regular basis , one would have sufficient humidity in doors . What we need here is a good solid air-purifier to clean the allergens , dust , etc from the air.The problem with the Airwasher is that it has no separate button to turn off the humidifier section when the room gets saturated with humidity . Secondly , there is no thermostat built in to check and turn off the machine when the humidity reaches the optimum level in the room . Because both humidifier and air cleaner are one , you ca n't separate the two . Thus if you keep on running the machine after saturation point , you 'll get mold all over the walls and clothes . Even my clothes in my wardrobe were wet . I had to stop using the machine . For the past two weeks I could hardly find clothes to wear that were dry . Thirdly , what they do n't tell you on their web site and publicity brochures is that this machine requires an expensive chemical substance added to the water chamber on a regular basis otherwise it wo n't clean the air . But even then , this machine is more of a humidifier than an air cleaner . After two weeks of use I noticed almost no residue in the water chamber , i.e. it did not clean the air at all . I felt the change that air was getting cleaner once I operated the new Sharper Image Hybrid GP Germicidal Air Purifier . I am glad that I bought two different machines to try . Now I know.By the way , the Venta-Airwasher has not been tested by the Association of Home Appliance Manufacturers -LRB- AHAM -RRB- or the US Environmental Protection Agency or the http://www.cadr.org/ for Clean Air Delivery Rate -LRB- CADR -RRB- . When I called the company in Illinois and asked why , I was told that their technology is different than the competition that 's why . Well , if you believe in that excuse go and buy this machine and see it for yourself . The machine is made of plastic and is very basic .
 After 4 years , the entire unit is corroded . Venta refuses to replace the unit and they have this guy on the phone that keeps telling you `` We do n't warrant the housing , only when the motor break '' . When you add water , foams come out of the thing even after you use the cleaner and the additives religiously . My condo has hardwood floors and I vacuum daily and we also have 3M Filtre 1900 that captures even the smallest air particles , so it 's not the environment.There 's a reason Bed Bath and Beyond yanked their products off the shelves and rightfully so.Not only do they not want to replace my unit , the customer service rep asked whether I 'd like to send the unit in for a PROFESSIONAL CLEAN . So it 's going to be $ 49.99 for them to clean this system , even though they have this supposed 10 year warranty . And then the rep says , `` Oh , maybe you are using too much additive . You should stop using so much then the gunk will fall away . '' What a load of xxxx , the gunk will not go away , I 've used their cleaner 2 times already in the past month.Horrible product , do not buy . If you do buy , do n't say you have n't been forewarned . Got tricked by them damn Nazi humidifier that was designed like 80 years ago . Paid $ 400 for this thing , I guess if I count the four years of use , it comes out to $ 100 a year , not to mention the cost of the additives and the cleaner . Do your math people , just walk away slowly .
 I just received it very quickly but the item was different from what I ordered . -LRB- I ordered white but I received gray -RRB- I wanted to replace it but there was no way to exchange it since that was not in the options available . So I just tried to use it worked well first , but after 2 days , it did n't work . When I press the power button , it show no light any more . No light No sound No working !! So I tried to get AS service from the company but Venta Korea only provide the after service only if the product has been purchased from Venta Korea . As I have bought it from US -LRB- I 'm working in a US military zone in South Korea -RRB- , there 's no way for me except to give up to use it !!! I 'm so disappointed for this seller and want to find a way to make this working here . !! I strongly recommend not to buy it from US especially for the persons working in US military outside US . OMZ
 For the price , I found this to be a very poor choice . It is attractive in it 's simplicity-all plastic parts . After a second winter , I have come to the conclusion that it actually achieves next to nothing in terms of humidification . I threw it in the trash yesterday . Enough said .
 One of my two units is broken . Still waiting for a response after 11/2 months of numerous calls and emails to U.S. and European HQ . Nice product but they must be out of business or in real financial difficulties . STAY AWAY is my recommendation
 Really did n't have to get out the boxcutter out , with all the rattling I heard ... received with over 50 % of dishes broken . Terribly packaged , with only air-filled plastic bags used for padding . Sent it back for refund , still have n't heard anything yet though.I have seen quite a few other reviews by customers who received broken dishes . I guess it is best to buy dishes from brick-and-mortars .
 I would n't buy this if I were you ... . It is heavy , dull , cumbersome , , , , , not what I hadin mind when purchasing . Cleaver ? HMMMMM ... . It just sits in the drawer taking upspace . Would not recommend at all ...
 I let this mattress sit for at least 3 days per the instructions on the box . After the first night I slept on it , there was a huge dent where I was sleeping -LRB- and I 'm 120 lbs -RRB- . I flipped the mattress over the next night , and there was another dent the next morning . Even if I leave the mattress set for over a day , there is still a dent where I have slept . I can feel the slats of the wooden futon frame -LRB- bi-fold , also from Futons & Furniture Direct -RRB- as soon as I lay on it . It is also lumpy and uncomfortable . Every night I sleep on this mattress , I have another back or neck pain in the morning . I put a 11/2 memory foam topper on the mattress , and it still does not help much -LRB- though I am probably due for a new one -RRB- . Like another reviewer stated , this mattress is about 6 '' at best.After 2 weeks of sleeping on this mattress , I had had enough and inquired about a refund . The seller -LRB- Futons & Furniture Direct -RRB- was very understanding , gave me a refund , and suggested I give the mattress to charity .
 I was hoping this futon mattress would be an acceptable substitute for a real mattress , but it is n't , at least for me . It is way too firm for my liking . I can hardly move when I get up in the morning after I sleep on it . -LRB- I have a somewhat bad back -RRB- . It claims to be 8 inches thick , but it is barely 6 inches . I put a memory foam mattress cover on this futon mattress which helps some but is very hot to sleep on . I would have tried to return this mattress but the seller I bought it from had an extremely short return period .
 Purchased base station , remote units -LRB- air , 2x -RRB- , remote unit -LRB- water , 1x -RRB- . From day one , water unit had issues out of the box . OS warranty service was very responsive , however they shipped the wrong unit . Problem straightened out immediately - props to OS service . New unit failed within 10 days . Methinks there 's a problem with said units.Base station also had very poor range . 100 ' feet advertised was more like 20 ' if you wanted a reliable connection . True for all sending units , not just problem type with remote water sensor.Will not buy OS anything again given a choice .
 I purchased this pastry mat at Bed , Bath , and Beyond a few years ago . The top layer of plastic peeled up in spots . I do n't like plastic bits in my food , so I no longer use this mat .
 I have two of these -LRB- received as gifts -RRB- and they remain in the cupboard . Found them very difficult to use . They always curl up and slide , even when moistened on the back with water , and I finally had to resort to taping them down . Also needed tons more flour to keep things from sticking . Using a countertop was much easier despite the clean-up problem . If this product causes so much extra trouble , why buy it ? I recently had the idea of taping them to my crafting table to make an easily cleaned work surface . At least they would n't be taking up space in my kitchen !
 I purchased this pastry mat from another retailer . It will not lay flat . Take a good look at the product picture . See how the corners are curling . It helps to wet the counter first and then put something on each corner to weight it down so the corners will not curl.I eventually tired of the games and purchased the Conimar Kitchen Helper Pastry Mat - sold by Amazon . The Conimar is a much better pastry mat and will lay flat without the games . It comes with a handy storage tube .
 Before I 'd even used the cutting board , let alone washed it , two of the four little glass nubs on the bottom that support the cutting board and hold it up off the counter -LRB- like short little legs -RRB- had fallen off . It seems they were glued on with a very inappropriate glue -- The nubs are clear and I can only find one of them , so I ca n't even glue them back on with proper glue . Now the cutting board is useless because it wo n't sit flat and secure on the counter . I do n't want to send it back to Amazon because it is so over-sized and shipping it will be a royal pain . This is a huge piece of junk . Save your money .
 The glass surface is dimpled and is hard to clean . The `` feet '' fall off . It feels thin and lightweight - like it will break easily .
 The product I received is NOT what I thought I was ordering.Look at the picture it shows the board as `` White '' What I receivedwas a see thru greyish glass board . I called Farberware and theysaid their boards are `` White '' What I got was not White.Believe it or not - had it been a dealer that sold it to me - I wouldhave sent it back but when it is Amazon itself - you jump thru toomany hoops
 I 've used stovetop espresso makers before , but I do n't like this one . The basket that holds the coffee ... has holes that are a little too big ... allowing too much in the way of coffee grounds into the actual coffee that is made . I guess you do get what you pay for ... and I should have spent a few dollars more for a better brand .
 Bought this machine about 2 years ago . Made incredible stuff . Later that year it broke . The autoreverse mechanism kept reversing until the motor overheated and shut off . At that point I variously called and emailed about my problem . It obviously was never perceived as their problem . After about 6 months of calls , I finally got a replacement motor , which did n't work . I continued to attempt to get satisfaction , but never got any response . I do n't trust these people who said that they would fix the problem . I asked to send the machine back and offered to pay freight . No response . I loved the gelato and sorbets I was making , but now I 'm off the find a more reliable model . The freezer version by Cuisinart just does n't stay cold enough for a big batch .
 USELESS ! EXPENSIVE ! I had this machine exactly one year . The motor , and plastic part it slots into , did not stay in place . They would fly apart and crack even when the ice cream mix was still runny . The ice cream was delicious when it did freeze , but this involved me holding the motor in place for 30 minutes , not very convenient ! There is only one contact number to call for spare parts and assistance and they NEVER call you back . So after one year I had to throw it away . I wish I had bought the Cuisinart !
 I received this as a gift and was thrilled to receive it . While it made good espresso , after only three uses the main filter -LRB- the basket where you fill the filter with coffee grounds -RRB- broke . The stem came apart from the filter basket rendering the espresso maker inoperable . I called BonJour Products to ask about the possibility of getting a replacement filter . The very pleasant customer service agent said the filter itself was n't being made anymore , put me on hold , came back and said she was mistaken it was available , put me on hold again while she checked on the cost and then told me the filter itself was not after all available for sale and that I 'd have to buy a whole new espresso maker . Not at all happy with BonJour Products ' management 's response , I 'll just replace it with a Bialetti instead . Bialetti has replacement filters available on-line as well as in kitchen stores .
 I bought one of these `` BonJour '' models thinking I was getting the same thing as those I used while studying in Italy . The quality of these asian knockoffs are nowhere near that of the real thing -LRB- aside from the rough manufacture , the steam pressure valve broke on mine after three uses , making it useless . -RRB- - Check out the Bialetti models on other Amazon pages . World Market also carries a real Italian model from another maker .
 After returning the secong one , I will never use this brand again . The first one leaked water , and the second one just would n't wotk period . Save yourself the time and effort and buy another brand !!!
 Under the description says `` made in Italy '' but the box is marked `` made in PRC '' . When if first starts to brew the coffee spills over the top and makes a mess . The taste of the coffee is somewhat with a `` metalic '' flavor and taste . Save your money for another type of stovetop espresso maker .
 I purchased this item because I thought I was getting a bargain with the stainless steel and glass . It was very poorly built however and the screen constantly shakes at a 35 degree angle when pouring liquid . When it arrived , the screen had fallen out , and I had to fix the uncoiled spring in order to make the thing work ! I should have spent the extra 5 bucks for a real french press .
 DO NOT BUY ! I do n't know what happened in the past few days because previous reviews were good . This is a CHEAP knockoff , shoddy quality , and nothing on the box -LRB- except for a bar code sticker -RRB- or product denotes who made it or where it was made . Like others have said , the top looks like it 's made of tin and it fits loosely in the carafe , with no strainer . The handle has a piece of plastic hanging off of it like it just came out of the mold . We have another BonJour press only a few years old , and it is high quality . This thing is going RIGHT back . I would n't have bought this thing for a nickel at a garage sale . Negative 5 stars .
 We will be returning this item immediately . The press delivered is not the one advertised . No place on the item or its package does the name BonJour appear . If this is what Bonjour offers we will buy another brand . The cover is loose and the filter is ill fitted . The plastic part underneath the cover is coming apart and looks dirty though never used . Also the glass is etched around the top . Not worth $ 5 much less $ 35 . Save your money !
 The item delivered was not Bonjour but an cheaply made knockoff . The tin lid and plastic covering underneath had already fell apart by the time I opened the box . Nowhere , on the box , nor the french press itself did it have the name bonjour . The lid was extremely loose on the carafe .
 The item I received was NOT authentic * BonJour * merchandise - it appears that the seller is dishonestly passing off generic items as name brand . The box lacked any reference to the manufacturer , as was the case with the item itself - which is , of course , NOT the item pictured , which shows the brand name ` BonJour ' at the bottom - in fact , the only place in which the brand name ` BonJour ' appeared was on the sticker placed on the box by the seller .
 The delivered item is a cheap knockoff and not BonJour brand . The plunger is not tight on the glass and leaks grounds over the side . The pictures show the BonJour branding on the glass . The product that arrived had a sticker on the box that said it was BonJour Monet but the glass was not branded . I own one of the BonJour branded one and the one that arrived was clearly not the same product as advertised .
 The fact is that this french press coffee maker only servers one -LRB- 1 -RRB- cup of coffee and not 3 as in the manufacturer 's description . This is expensive for a one -LRB- 1 -RRB- cup coffee maker !
 Sold and packaged as 3 cup . Baloney ! I was shocked upon opening the box to see a little itty-bitty press . It took 1-1/4 cups of water to fill it up to the pour lip . Where in the world do they get 3 cups ? Immediately returned to Amazon .
 I have owned a french press before and used one for years in a coffee shop.There is a procedure that came with this to preheat the press with hot tap water before using.I followed the directions even though I never had to do this with other types . On the 5th day after following instructions the glass cracked .
 I was so happy when I first received this french press . It was good looking and just the right size for my regular use of making black tea and coffee . However , after about 1 month of use , the glass broke into pieces one day . I had been handwashing this press and was very careful not to wash it right after use . The glass must be not strong enough or something . I was so disappointed that it broke so easily .
 I recieved this as a gift and was so excited about using it . Unfortunanlty the plunger is a tad too small so I ca n't brew the coffee unless i stand there and hold the plunger for the time i want it to brew . Once I let it go is goes down rather quickly .
 I was given the 12 cup BonJour coffee press as a gift.Once my wife , -LRB- non coffee drinker -RRB- made sure that nothing was broken , she disposed of the packaging . When I completed my out of town work and was ready to try the coffee press , I found that the filter screen etc. would simply not slide down when the plunger was pressed.Since it was a gift I did not have the receipt or packaging I called the company to check for replacement parts or parts breakdown to see what was missing fully expecting to pay for the missing part . I was told that they do not have parts for sale . I would need to buy a completely new item to get the one missing part.I think this comes under the buyer beware category .
 The beak on this french press broke the first time we washed it . We went on to get a plastic one , that although is not as pretty , is not a safety hazard .
 Product looked good at first glance , but then I saw that the glass carafe was broken . I decided it was too risky to try again , worrying that even if it arrived successfully the glass would break too easily . I returned it and received credit .
 ordered and reordered , it kept showing up busted , and i went through consumer hell to return it . actually , i 'm still in consumer hell . sometimes amazon blows .
 BonJour Monet 8-Cup French Press , BlackThis was a gift from an enthusiastic user.There are no markers for number of cups , and the device uses a fair volume that is n't recovered in the decanted coffee.I have tried using a measuring cup , but the volume of a measuring cup is different than that of a `` coffee cup '' . It 's hard to calculate how much coffee and how much water to use . Really annoyingThe coffee is okay , but not exceptional.I e-mailed the company , but did n't get a response.Frankly , I 'd like to smash it.Sorry to complain , but they could and should do much better .
 i bought this because i have just about all the other hallmark star trek ships but it does not look like any of the others for one it is metal and its really heavy so it bends down the xmas tree branchs
 Got maybe a quarter-inch of foam . VEry disappointing . The $ 2.50 foamer from IKEA gave me so much foam I had to be careful , but it seized-up after about two-months .
 I purchased this BonJour frother to replace my old AeroLatte frother . The difference between the two brands is startling ! The BonJour frothing tip is a solid wavy metal tip which actually OVER-froths the milk . This causes the bubbles to keep breaking down . I can only achieve a very thin layer of foam and it wo n't last long . On the othe hand , the Aerolatte frothers -LRB- also widely available with several models on Amazon -RRB- uses more of an open-metal mesh tip on their wand which must be responsible for how thick and dense a foam it will create . I 'm buying another Aerolatte and will use the BonJour wand for things that do n't need thick foam -LRB- like mixing salad dressing -RRB- .
 Not a very good product . I 've used many bonjours in the past and currently , but this one broke in two days . The bottom of the frother came unattached and could not be super-glued back on .
 This item was broken when I got it . It was too much trouble to package it up and return it . Amazon has no 800 number to call which I dislike especially when ordering on line . I would not buy from Amazon again .
 With all the great revues on this frother , I thought I could n't go wrong buying one . Not so though !! After following instructions in detail , the frother I received keeps getting stuck in the ` on ' position and also seems to have 2 speeds . Also , just to prove a point more to myself , I frequently have to take the top/cap off and press the button to get it to go fast -LRB- I do n't actually use it to froth this way -RRB- ... or use 2 hands to hold it and press the button which is very awkward and then even that does n't help sometimes . The bottom line is that it will very seldom operate at it 's normal speed or it gets stuck on !! Clearly this frother is n't working the way it should and is somehow getting stuck or the button does n't go down enough . I was going to keep it anyway , but decided to return it as I seem to have no control over wheather it wants to go fast or slow . I really like that it has it 's own stand , so I 'm very dissappointed that I ca n't get it to work properly . This is a real shame as I was prepared to love this little frothing machine .
 the step mechanism is really tight and sometimes doesnt work at all . we thought it would loosen up but it never did and now it is too late to return . and it slides all around the floor .
 I used this for about 3 months and the lid already broke off . I 'm one person who is not home often , so this had light use . Should have spent a little more for a better quality can .
 If one purchases two piece kitchen shears it 's so you can clean them thoroughly , truely two piece ... these shears are constructed from several pieces , e.g. grips are separate pieces bonded to blades leaving cracks at juncture for collection of food debris and moisture
 This is a great item ... at first . But the handles are metal foil-coated plastic that slips off the blades eventually . Also the foil chips , leaving razor-sharp edges on the handles . We tossed ours after a couple years usage , I 'm sorry to say .
 Not well made two were broken two would not turn on do n't waste your money ...
 Hours and hours is right for the length of duration . More than 2 hours , ha ! I was excited to see these and went and purchased another package when my first came in . Flicker , they do , for HOURS and HOURS ! Good Lord , I am such a huge Amazon shopper , over 500 items , and what disappoints me even more , is this came from Bethlehem Lighting , which has always been the very best of best when it comes to lighting decor . -LRB- In my opinion -RRB- Needs CR2025 3V batteries , so I suggest if you purchase these , buy many , many batteries , or hope your guests do not stay too long or they will think the `` flames '' went out and pull out a lighter to relight them all , then think you were cheap , just like these candles . Bethlehem , shame on you , Amazon , good try , me ... bad . Only review ever in all these years . Do not buy , buy something else .
 At first appearance it looks to be fine and even has a rubber plate that the glass fits into , securing it to almost any surface -- limits accidental carafe breakage maybe ? then when I used it , I found things uncomfortable , not very USER-FRIENDLY -- and the frother to not be , well , not nearly as frothy -- very milky -- as compared to the Bodum , which by the way , changed their model style and was never the same . AS for the handle -- it 's a knob on the top and difficult to get ones fingers under and around to secure for the pressing action needed . The Bodum , had a knob that was oval shaped and this worked better . The pressing screens are also cumbersome and frequently need to be completely dismantled for total cleaning . The flange is also a rigid plastic and metal now , while the Bodum 's original was a flexible rubber and I think that helped make the frother , well , better . I 'm yet to find one that compares to the original .
 Had the same problem as other 2 star reviewers . Glass broke with normal use after 2 weeks . Just shattered during frothing . What a piece of junk ! Just use a french press if you have one it works as well and will probably come with a better made glass container .
 I had a Bodum that worked well -LRB- which I 'd rate 5 star -RRB- , but apparently the new one is n't built as well , so this looked like the best option.Unfortunately , it has major flaws :1 -RRB- the cap is thin and is single layered , so it gets much too hot to hold while plunging .2 -RRB- the cap is so loose against the inside of the cylinder that the milk comes out the top when pulling the plunger up .3 -RRB- the froth is poor.I will try the new Bodum and hopefully it is better than this .
 Very disappointed in this product . The glass cylinder broke after about two weeks of use . The frothing unit did not slide easily in the cylinder . This was my second frother . The first was a Black and Decker , which lasted several years . Now I need instructions on how to order another glass cylinder .
 This worked great for the first 3 days . On day 4 it tipped over on the counter and broke immediately . Glass is much too fragile . Am using a different glass container with the frother plunger , and it does work flawlessly , but the glass container it ships with is unnecessarily too thin and breakable .
 The circular valve piece is PLASTIC , it broke . The stainless steel is either low grade or not 100 % because of the color turned darker -LRB- no food stain -RRB- after not too long . The bottom popped out -LRB- delaminated -RRB- because the bottom is a sandwich of stainless steel and aluminum.GO for the german brand Fissler
 I bought these because I had heard they wre `` The best '' . My wife is an experienced cook who has used different types of pressure cookers all her life . Very soon , within weeks of use , each Pressure cooker had a complete failure . Of the two units , EACH of the gas pressure release valves on EACH unit broke , and the metallic pieces on the top of the cooker each broke off . My wife was able to cobble one together . it is in pieces , but she has made it functional and she can use one to cook with . The other remains broken . What a waste of money . The high expense of these units seems to have more to do with High European Union wage rates than advances in quality or technology . I would not buy these again .
 I purchased the set for use on my boat where I wanted to save energy and time while preparing meals and have been using them for several months now.I found the 5 liter pressure cooker to be great . It is extremely well made and if cared for I have no doubt that it will outlast me . The glass lid is also very useful if I want to use the cooker as a regular cooking pot , which I do quite often.The 2 liter cooker is quite disappointing though . Since you are not supposed to fill a pressure cooker more than half full at best you only have 1 liter to work with . Even for one person this is not much . I have found that I can use the larger cooker and if I have smaller amounts to cook I just use a small metal bowl as an insert . I was hoping that it could double as a fry pan but it does not have a non-stick coating and the stainless steel is quite sticky.If I were to do it again I would buy the 5 liter cooker and the glass lid separately.Additional info
 I took care of the lid , etc and I 'm in year 5 . The handle to the small pan completely fell off and the small parts that broke on the lid are n't replaceable so a new lid 's gon na cost me $ 99 ! The replacement parts are the problem . I 've already spent alot of $ for a product that requires expensive replacement parts ? I bought this for my Indian curries and beans but I find my enameled cast iron pot or cladware work just as well . If I 'm going to pay that much for a pan , I need a lifetime guarantee or the product should be so sturdy to not need the support . I regret buying it and would not buy this again .
 I thought this would be a quality , long lasting opener . The one I had before it was similar , but the knob to operate it broke off . This lookedstronger to me . It worked great for a couple of years , but then would n't open anything . I 'm a disabled senior with neuropathy , and have a hard timewith my hands/fingers . I contacted the manufacturer about my problems withthis opener , and they would n't even respond to me . For the price , this product should last much longer .
 I was originally delighted with this opener . I like safety openers and my last one , a Swiss-made one , lasted a dozen years . This opener worked very well for the first several weeks , but the cutting edge wore down to the point of uselessness after only 3 months . The cutting wheel is made of a softer steel than is needed for long-term use . Older versions may not have had this problem . This opener is now made in China .
 This opener worked fantastic the first couple of months . One round and the can was open.BUT as time went on , it got weaker and weaker , and I 'm only talking 4 months from the date I first bought it . Now it takes 2-3 rounds before it does the job.Sadly would not recommend buying it .
 Works well on smaller cans -LRB- tuna , soup , etc. -RRB- , but when used on a large heavy crush tomato can , the can dropped off the opener about halfway through opening . Luckily the can was just a few inches from the counter and no major spill . Could not open that can completely after re-tries and had to bend the top with pliers . Tried another large crush tomato can but with that one I kept the can on the counter while cranking so it would n't drop off the opener . It made it all the way around with a clean cut but was a little awkward . Another awkward thing , even with small cans , the crank is on the top instead of the side . Kind of have to lift your elbow while cranking . Side crank would be more comfortable , do n't have to lift elbow . The opener is well made , nothing flimsy about it and Im sure will last a long time . Just the design and performance is least to be desired . I recommend buying one with a side crank .
 I bought this item because my wife likes the Kuhn Rikon Garlic press top rated by Cook 's Magazine.I have tried this can opener on several cans . It does not work on tuna fish cans , soup cans and others . I am really disappointed !!!! I thought Kuhn Rikon stood for quality , was I wrong !!! Buy this at your own peril . You have been forewarned . I wished I was .
 DESASTER !!! FOR ME - IT DID NOT OPEN NOTHINGI AM GOING TO REPLACE IT FOR GOOD WMF CAN OPENERWORD OF ADVISE - DO N'T LOOK FOR CHEEP STUFF , PURCHASE ONLY THE BEST
 This is the worst can opener I have ever owned . It rarely cuts and when it does is totally frustrating to get the lid off ! Buyer beware .
 After reading the reviews for this can opener , I thought I would give it a try . In concept it sounds awesome . No hassle with jagged edges , etc. . However after 3 uses , I found that it began to leave slivers of metal around the edges . Some of which actually found their way into the food.This seemed especially bad on small cans of soup.While I had high hopes for this product , I can not recommend it due to concerns for safety . My can opener will be returned to the manufacturer .
 Maybe I got a defective one because the can opener was very hard to operate . I can not get it to open a can of soup for my own sake . i bought this item after reviewing all the positive reviews on Amazon.com . it 's a little pricey for an item that leaves silver edges on all the cans . I 've had it for a whole month now . The only thing that I have been able to open easily with this item are cans of tuna - other than that everything seems to shade sliver pieces . I was very excited about getting this cool looking gadget . The appearance is very clean and sleek but based on my experience it does n't offer what was promised . Its very hard for small hands to operate . When my father used it , he experienced the same problem . If you are considering the purchase of this item , I suggest you try it out at a local store that has an easy return policy . I stopped using mine because the silver pieces were falling into my soup cans . I love the construction of the piece , its appearance and the weight of the item but it did n't meet my expectations . For safety concerns this item does n't even deserve one star .
 It was fine the first few times but then it stopped working altogether . Never did work as far as the part that is supposed to pry off vacuum sealed lids .
 I 've had other openers that function the same way -LRB- side opening , no sharp edges -RRB- and this one does the job perfectly well , but it is not as easy to turn as the others I 've used . For older folks or those with arthritis , I do n't think it would be a great choice . In fact I often opt for the old cheap grocery store version in my drawer rather than use this one . My older parents ca n't use it at all .
 I placed these in the dishwasher and they came out broken and unsightly . After going back to check the description on Amazon , I see that the description says to hand wash only but on the actual product it did not say this .
 I relied on this pressure cooker to prepare most of my food for years , but around year 5 the handle began to fall off as an internal plastic component wore out . The handle can be replaced , but like the silicone valve I also needed to replace , it is only available from a couple of small specialty retailers at a high price . I 've had other pots whose handles came loose , but that was decades after they were purchased for less than $ 10 . Kuhn Rikon 's pressure cooker design might outclass its inept competitors , but its construction quality is nothing special .
 The pressure cooker cooks very well and is whisper quiet . My complaint ? For $ 178.00 I would expect a pressure cooker to last longer than 4 years of minimal usage ! I did n't use it every day . I used it once in awhile and the other day I took it out of my cabinet and the metal disc going around the pressure indicator had fallen off and the plastic was cracked ! I 'm really annoyed ! The company is oh , in SWITZERLAND ?! how does one get it fixed ? I wo n't be buying another one again . I 'll stick with the US from now on .
 Advertised as 12 '' , my clearance is 12 '' on the nose , this would n't let my cabinet door shut . It 's about 1/16 -3 / 32 over.Other than that , it seems to be a quality piece , though I did n't assemble it .
 I bought this from Sears , which was my first mistake . When we got it assembled , I followed the instructions on filling it with hot tap water and waited ten minutes . When I began using it , what came out of the machine was colder than the tap water I put in . I called the Hoover customer care number to ask how you make actual steam come out of the SteamVac and was told -LRB- and I quote -RRB- `` Oh , that 's just the name . `` Sears , in its ongoing campaign to gouge as much money out of the buying public as it can before going bankrupt , charged me a $ 30 restocking fee because I had already opened the box . When I asked how else a customer is supposed to know that the SteamVac Carpet Cleaner neither steams nor cleans , the conversation ended .
 THIS MACHINE DID N'T WORK FROM DAY ONE . IT MAY HAVE BEEN A LEMON . IT WOULD DISPENSE THE SOLUTION , BUT IT WOULD N'T SUCK IT UP . ONLY HOOVER PRODUCT THAT DISAPPOINTED .
 This very well constructed cooker has 5 safety devices . It needs them all for unlike other cookers , it is not vented at intermediate pressures . The venting starts at the highest pressure which means that if you need to cook at the medium pressure , you must be very mindful and delicate with the heat . The reason my Grandmother gave up the pressure cooker for food was that it was too much work to maintain the heat correctly . `` Why work so hard to make baby food ? `` The pressure indicator has two thin lines that represent medium and high pressure . Kuhn-Rikon does give you the instructions that if it is too high turn the heat down or if it is too low , turn the heat up . This is exactly the same as the old gauge type cooker . The instructions also note that to really cool the unit down while cooking you should remove it from the electric heating element . These instructions are exactly the same that my grandmother used in the 30 's with her antique cooker -LRB- she got it for her wedding in 1912 -RRB- . Other brands such as Fagor , offer a pressure control that vents steam at the intermediate pressure , which means that your food does not come out mush and that you need not watch the pot while it boils nearly as much as you do with the Kuhn Rikon.It is too bad that the quality construction is of a unit with an antique design . They call it the Mercedes of pressure cookers , but it must be a 1925 Mercedes.Update 2013 ... . Due to other problems I got rid of this thing . Problems were . Gasked failure -LRB- my Fagor gasket has never failed in the 6 years I 've used it , Handle fell off because no inserts used . Self taping screws came loose -RRB- I still have the smaller KR unit but just do n't use it much because of the operating costs -LRB- gaskets , handles , top piece that breaks -RRB- . It will be on ebay soon . So I guess these are reliable only if one pays enough in maintenance to buy a new one every few years . Seems they could do better .
 When my old pressure cooker broke , I thought I 'd treat myself and get an expensive one . Steam is steam though , so I was n't really sure how one could be much better than another , except for maybe added safety features or something , but nevertheless , I splurged because I like expensive and pretty things in my kitchen . I 'm a gourmet cook and use the pressure cooker a lot . It just came in the mail today . I immediately notified Amazon I would be returning it . I could n't BELIEVE how cleap it looked when I opened the box . I cook a lot , and buy TOP OF THE LINE EVERYTHING and this was nowhere near the top of ANY line . I 'm not making it up , just being honest . The stainless is very thin , and the plastic handles are cheap looking and seem flimsy , like if you set it down in your granite sink too rough , the handles could easily break . The lid design is no better than a standard $ 30 Presto pressure cooker 's lid , therefore there are no real added safety features . I 've cooked with pressure cookers for about 20 years . I 'm not afraid of them in the least no matter what design , but for those who do n't know what they 're doing , thought I 'd point out the lack of additional safety features . The thing that just blew me away was how lightweight and just cheap it was . $ 189 for this , no way . Save your money .
 Does the job just fine but no better than the $ 50 domestic branded models . Like all modern pressure cookers , it 's very safe to operate but no more than any other on the market .
 This unit is not very user friendly . It has a spring loaded pressure gauge which is very difficult to read and has a tendency to stick therefore the feedback on the cooking process is lousy . The Presto has a gravity based juggler that rocks and lets you know everything is cooking properly . Yes the highly polished 18/10 stainless is nicer looking than the standard stainless on the Presto buts adds nothing to durability , performance or end results . The Presto will last a lifetime ; this unit may drive you nuts with that gauge .
 Because of the really high cost and all the hype the about these pans you would think they were constructed out of gold . But they are n't . The gasket material is fragile , The fit is not very good and the handles do n't even have metal inserts where they attach to the lid . -LRB- the heat differential between the lid and handle causes movement and stress the pulls the screws out of the handle and because the material crumbles you require a new handle at $ 16 plus shipping every 2 years of regular use or so . The lousy lid screws just self tap into the bakelite handle which almost guarantees they will fail . The other pressure cookers I own like the Fagor do have inserts and the lid handle has never failed on that cooker . I am on my second handle in 4 years with the Kuhn Rikon.Other things that failed on this pan were the top finishing plate -LRB- plastic snap on fitting broke -RRB- , and the gasket twice -LRB- KH says this is normal -RRB- . Looking on the web one can see I am not alone . There are handles , gaskets , and spare parts in many sites . They are not cheap either . I guess the steel used in the pot is OK It has never failed but it seems every thing else has in the four years I have used this . Comparing it to the 5L Fagor which I use for large meals probably more often than the KR , the engineering in the KH is really inferior . The score for maintenance over 4 years is Fagor $ 0.00 vs Kuhn Rikon $ 80 . You 'd think the Swiss could design something better . This is my last KH product . The Fagor line is 1/3 the price .
 This is not a very good wisk . The loops are uneven and the chrome hasp on the cheap wooden handle is thinly and unevenly plated . Is it worth -LRB- $ -RRB- bucks ? Maybe , but you could probably find a better one for not much more .
 I am very disappointed that the mugs I ordered arrived so poorly packed that one was in shattered pieces and one had a long crack . They will be very pretty if I ever get an undamaged set . They have a nice feel when you hold the handle . I hope the company can get their act together to ship the next set properly .
 I purchased one of the larger step cans , and it seemed like a really nice trash can , but after only two months of use , the step-opening mechanism broke . Turns out the whole trash can is metal , but the important parts that make it open are made of brittle plastic ! How frustrating to have spent so much on a trash can only to have it break within 2 months ! I would not recommend this brand at all !
 I agree with the other reviewers . I actually picked this up at a garage sale for a couple bucks . It had never been used . After using it myself , I can see why they did n't want it!For one thing , it is n't built well.And another thing , I do n't really think the `` time saver '' idea of `` washing '' the lettuce by spinning it in the sink is worth it.I would rather take the time to wash it myself before putting it in , just does n't seem like it gets clean enough by pouring water into the top and spinning while it is sitting in the sink . I do n't care how often you clean your kitchen sink there is still bacteria in it , and just seems that some of that water flowing through is bound to pool under the bottom of the spinner and seep back in ... It just simply is n't raised up enough.Not to mention it is much more comfortable to spin it on the counter . I also think it is a hassle to have to put a plate or bowl under it to keep it from dripping everywhere . About the only thing this is useful for is using the strainer basket on it 's own as a back-up colander when you 're in a pinch .
 This is not the spinner that I had anticipated . Disappointing purchase . The delivery was fine . The product is not worth it . Similar ones can be found at low price stores . It would not even serve as a re-gift due to its poor quality .
 THIS SALAD SPINNER IS TRULY WORTHLESS . . I THOUGHT THAT THIS WAS AN ENCLOSED BOWL . . LITTLE TO MY KNOWLEDGE DID I KNOW THERE WAS GOING TO BE WHOLES ON THE BOTTOM OF THE BOWL . . I AM TRYING TO FIGURE WHATS THE SENSE IN HAVING A SPOUT TO POUR OFF YOU WATER WHEN THERE IS A BUNCH OF HOLES INTHE BOTTOM . . IT MAKES A MESS IN THE FRIDG IF YOU DONT COMPLETELY SPIN OFF ALL THE WATER . IF YOU BUY THIS BOWL YOUR GOING TO HAVE TO PUT SOMETHING UNDER NEATH IT WHEN YOU PUT IT IN THE FRIDG I THOUGHT I HAD KNOCKED SOMETHING OVER BECAUSE THE WATER THATS LEFT AFTER YOU SPIN JUST DRAINS OUT THE BOTTOM . . YOU CA N'T REALLY SEE THAT WHEN YOUR ORDERING IT . . BUT HEY WHAT CAN YOU EXPECT FOR 6.99 THE SHIPPING COST ALMOST AS MUCH AS THE BOWL ITSELF .
 This was a replacement for the same exact item that I bought over 10 years prior . On the one I was replacing , the plastic interior basket was starting to fall apart but the exterior was fine . The new one is made much more cheaply - the gears in the top slip * a lot * and does n't spin smoothly . Luckily , I kept the old one and just swapped out the lid .
 This salad spinner does not spin properly . The little gears slip and as a result you can not get the water off like you are suppose to . I had one like this previously that I used for many years that worked great but not this one . The only reason I am not sending it back is because it would cost as much to return it as I would get credit for .
 I have had one of these salad spinners previously and loved it ; however this one is a disappointment . The plastic cover does n't stay on the lid making it difficult to get the basket to spin . Not sure what I am doing wrong - had no difficulties with my previous one .
 Every salad spinner has a weakness . But this has three . First , the crank system . Has anyone explained to the designer the idea of a center of rotational inertia ? If you have to crank a circular motion that is n't centered on a disk , there are uneven forces on the sides . Unless your lid is really well made , and a snug fit with an inflexible flange , it 's going to tend to fly off . And that 's what usually happens . This spinner DOES get going with an impressive speed , if you are willing to torque it . But the chance is too great that the lid will slide off , the basin upsets and all the greens are over the place . So that 's actually the second weakness -- the plastic is soft and so the lid easily slips off.The third weakness is this ridiculous spout -- as if you could wash and dry the lettuce at the same time . It 's like if your bath towel had a hole for you to spray the water through ! All you will do is give the bugs a bath before you give them one of those amusement park rides that spins you all around so you stick to the wall . In contrast to a conventional spinner in which you can soak the lettuce in the basin before spinning , this has holes in the bottom so you ca n't do that.Instead , you can `` drain '' the lettuce as you spin . But where are you draining ? In a sink ? Well , chances are you are getting a pool of water that is making contact both with the sink bottom and the lettuce -- in other words , you are actually dirtifying your lettuce , not cleaning it . No salad spinner is perfect , but we can do better than this . -LSB- 48 -RSB-
 I had one of these for years . I 'm not going to repeat most of what 's in the other reviews because I agree with both the good and the bad . The spout is useless for cleaning but presents a real safety issue.First , you have to spin with the unit in the sink because the bottom of the outside container has slotted openings for the water to drain . -LRB- They 're there to let the water drain during cleaning from the spout . You slowly spin the salad as the water runs into it . -RRB- You ca n't have a rack on the bottom of the sink during either part of the operation , and I would n't leave anything else in there , either.Next , because the spinning mechanism is off-center due to the spout , you have to stabilize the unit with the hand not doing the spinning . And here 's where you can accidentally chop off part of your finger . The only place to grab the unit is by the spout . The spinning mechanism includes a plastic open-mesh liner under the lid -LRB- again , for spout cleaning the salad -RRB- that is the size of the lid . This means that when you start turning the handle with your other hand , that mesh liner is spinning past the opening in the spout.Think lots of little blades spinning parallel to the lid.If you maintain control of the unit , and keep your fingers out of the spout , you 're OK . I used to put the palm of my left hand on top of the spout , and would turn the handle with my right . Now , that thing can really pick up speed , and does a great job of drying the salad . If you manage to keep the unit stable , you 're good.But ... this thing is made of a soft plastic . You have it in the sink , so you 're exerting downward pressure . Push too hard with either hand , and the lid dislodges . The mesh keeps spinning . You instinctively grab for the lid when you feel it going and get your fingers into the spout , or you grab for the lid after it 's come off . Either way , your fingers are now in contact with the spinning mesh . Same thing if your hand slips.Remember those little blades spinning parallel to the lid ? Messy.In honesty , I have to say that I was very lucky - and very careful - and never had this happen . But I had my heart in my throat and my stomach in knots every time I used it . I used it less and less as the years went by , because it just was n't worth the risk of injury.The soft plastic gets sticky as time passes , too . Yucky . You ca n't take the mesh off the lid to clean it.I replaced it with an OXO salad spinner . My salad is clean , and I 'm happy .
 The Amazon description of this item indicates that it is made in Oregon -LRB- `` handcrafted in Oregon '' -RRB- - - this was the reason I ordered it.When it arrived , the handle is clearly marked `` Stainless China '' and manufacturers name that I can not decipher , but it is clearly not Best Manufacturers.There is a major disconnect , deceit or some manner of ` bait & switch '' - - or a combination thereof.Added Comment
 Pretty flimsy . Looks good from the images , but I would n't buy this again . I think I 'll stick to buying items like these from a physical store so I really know what I 'm gettin .
 The wire whisk is a bit flimsy but does work ok . Was hoping it was a bit stiffer . There is no way to tell when ordering on the internet . It will work for me but I may look for another whisk to have on hand for stiffer batters .
 Wish there was the option of zero stars . When I used this can opener there were slivers around the top of my can . Even cut my thumb on one of the slivers . Do n't buy it !
 Kuhn Rikon Safety Lid Lifter Can OpenerI am very disappointed about the quality of the can opener I received . I have had the exact same opener for about ten years and loved it but it became worn and no longer opened the lids smoothly . I wanted to replace it with the same model because it worked so well and bought a new one here at Amazon . The can opener I received is in worse shape than my old one . It seems very flimsy and cheap by comparison . I wanted to return it but the seller never responded to my email .
 This can opener is very difficult to use , and despite its name , it leaves the can in a very dangerous condition , with shards of metal around the edge . If it is safety you 're looking for , I suggest you look elsewhere .
 I 'm sure that this is a wonderful can opener if you can figure out how to use it . I recieved mine as a gift , and neither the giver , myself , or my husband can figure out how to use the thing . I was told that the instructions could be copied from the internet , but who can find them ?
 I too recieved this with no instructions , as an emergrncy can opener . I can not use it ! There are no instructions posted anywhere on the internet on how to use this can opener . If you do not have the instructions you can not use this .
 Bought and used the can opener for 5 years - it was tricky to use but did a nice job - until it suddenly broke and stopped working . I 'd been using the opener only a couple times a month and thought the design and reputation for quality would last for years and years , but it did n't .
 I just returned this item because it left shards of metal in to the food . It cuts from the side instead of the top . It is easy to turn the knob though .
 I read a lot of reviews before I purchased this . I was really excited about it . The first time I tried it , it worked great . But that was the only time . I 've never again been able to make it work . It should n't be so hard to do . Most everyone else says it 's slick , but I just ca n't make it work again . I 'm really disappointed .
 I had a great `` top-loading '' opener that I used for more than 15 years , until it finally became so dull that it no longer cuts effectively . So I 'm not opposed to the `` top-opening '' concept of this device.HOWEVER ... Instead of cutting * below * the rim of the lid , it actually `` slices '' the top band ! -LRB- at the rim 's `` equator '' -RRB- This design means a couple of things : -- You must cut the top of the can , instead of the bottom . -LRB- If you try to cut the bottom , it crushes the side of the can with every turn , and does not cut . -RRB- Okay , I can learn to live with that `` feature , '' even though it should n't matter whether I open the top or bottom of the can . -- Instead of being able to simply flick the top off with the opener -LRB- upon immediately finishing the cutting rotation -RRB- , you actually have to PRY off the can top ! You can try to 1 -RRB- intuit how to use the built-in pieces of metal that poke out of the opener -LRB- which means an additional step , turning the opener sideways -RRB- , or 2 -RRB- you can use your fingernail to pull off the top ... assuming you can see the fine line that indicates where the opener sliced the can 's rim . -LRB- Good luck getting that `` lifting '' tool to work , btw . -RRB- I do n't know about you , but I do n't want to have to put that much time , energy and thought into a supposed kitchen helper ! -LRB- Especially since the few times I use this opener , I 'm usually opening several cans at once . -RRB- If I had purchased this can opener at a brick-and-mortar store with a good return policy , I would have taken it back right away . Instead , I struggle with it until I find another top-cutting device I like better .
 I bought one of these about a year ago and the gears have stripped -- all it does is sit and spin at the slightest pressure . Good while it lasted , and luckily I had an old `` conventional '' top-cut opener as a backup.I do n't know about your experience , but I do n't think I 've ever used a can opener to the point where it breaks or wears out . In 20-some odd years , as far back as I can remember anyway , I 've never tossed a can opener because it stopped working -LRB- never owned an electric -RRB- . This will be the first .
 I bought this about a year ago and used it for 6 months . I was thrilled at the `` idea '' of it when I got it . Thinking how safe this is when recycling . And yes it is wonderful for that ! However , after a couple of months , the gears must have stripped and the can-opener was worthless . It would not open a can . Also it is very hard to turn . Small cans are fairly effortless . But when you are trying to open up a 3 pound coffee can first thing in the morning , your hand gets TIRED ! If you have any problems with arthritis , carpal tunnel or tendinitus , this can opener is not for you.This can-opener is a great idea , but there has to be an better way .
 I bought this set two years ago thinking I was upgrading to a high quality product that would not need to be replaced for many years , and while you do have to remember to lower the temperature on your recipes because you 're baking with metalware , the results are very good and nothing sticks ; however , despite proper care and only moderate use , every single piece is now peeling . I 've never put these pieces into a dishwasher . I 've only used nonstick utensils . But now I 'm forced to decide whether to replace these expensive items or have my family eating little bits of who-knows-what . After having been very excited to upgrade my bakeware , I am extremely disappointed with the short lifespan of these pans.This is good bakeware if you do n't mind replacing it regularly .
 I veered away from my usual Yankee Candle Co. purchase because I had read some good reviews about this candle . I do n't know if I received a defective candle , but when I lit it and waited for the aroma to surround the room , I was sorely disappointed ! There is almost no scent to this candle . On the plus side , it does burn well , which is why I gave the product two stars instead of one , but what 's the point ? When I buy a scented candle , I expect the scent to fill the room after it is lit . I will definitely stick with Yankee Candles . I 've tried many different scented candles -LRB- even some of the Avon-types sold by catalog and representative for WAY too much money , I think they 're called Party Lite -RRB- , and Yankee Candle Co. has the BEST products by far . From now on , I will stick with what I KNOW is a great product !
 well not sure what 2 say about this cus it was all broken when i received it in the mail so had 2 through away said they couldnt get another 2 replace it im sure it would have been a great product but due 2 lack of packaging material i couldnt use the idem may next time
 This chair is initially comfortable when you sit it in for short periods . However , it does not stand up to extended sitting . It has multiple flaws that should not exist in an $ 800 chair . # 1 -RRB- While the mesh seat is comfortable towards the back of the seat , there is a support beam underneath it in the front that prevents it from flexing . This puts pressure on your hamstrings , which becomes very uncomfortable after a few hours . # 2 -RRB- The arm pads are as hard as a rock . # 3 -RRB- There is a plastic seam on the edge of the seat that scratches your legs when you turn . # 4 -RRB- The back is not very flexible . # 5 -RRB- It is constructed with a large amount of plastic . # 6 -RRB- There is no way to lock the arm pads in place.Try sitting in one for a few hours before you buy one . Do not base your judgement on sitting in it for a few minutes .
 With all the glowing reviews , you 'd probably assume that this chair is pretty comfortable . That may be for some folks but if you 're looking , I urge you to sit in one with an open mind . I wish I 'd done this because I ended up hating this chair and returning it ... losing a fair amount of money in shipping and restock fees in the process.The main problem is with the seat . While the mesh is just fine in the rear-end portion of the seat -LRB- quite cushy with lots of depth to its flex -RRB- it 's the opposite in the hamstring area . The mesh is still there , but because of the location of the chair 's frame in this area , the mesh is n't allowed the same depth of flex . The result is that there 's pressure pushing up on your hamstrings , which cuts off circulation and it 's really noticeable.I 'm positive I had the chair adjusted correctly at one point during the time I had it . My feet were on the floor , my legs were n't dangling , I was n't sitting on my head , I weigh 175 pounds and I 'm not freakishly proportioned.Bottom line , you should n't have to think `` am I sitting in this chair properly ? What am I doing wrong ? Is it me ? Am I not worthy of this chair ? It sure costs a lot , so it ca n't be the chair 's fault , etc. etc. '' A chair is either comfortable or it 's not.Sit in one before you buy.Sit in one before you buy.Sit in one before you buy .
 This product from Backstore advertises it is the `` fully loaded '' Herman Miller Mirra chair , but as you scroll down to product description , it is in fact the `` highly adjustable '' model . There is a difference . Presumably this has no tilt and thus is not `` fully loaded '' .
 I managed to sit on the Mirra for about a week , and it caused steadily increasing pain in my legs . I tried every adjustment imaginable , but to no avail . I walk for an hour every night for exercise , but I began limping during my walks because of pain in my right thigh and knee , which had never happened to me before . I was so uncomfortable on the chair that , in the end , I could not sit on it and had to use my old , el cheapo chair.After a week of using it , I began waking in the morning with discomfort in the back of both thighs . It felt like the nerves were being damaged -- a vague , dull ache in the back of the legs . That 's when I realised that this chair was simply not going to work.I was terribly disappointed because I desperately wanted the chair to work out . The chair is beautifully made and there are rave reports about it on the internet . And it did , in fact , help with my lumbar back pain problems.The seat has a fundamental design problem , in my opinion . The pellicle becomes very stiff and hard under the forward area of the thighs . Adjusting the front of the pellicle down as far as it can go helps a little , but not enough.Of course , once I had identified the problem , I was able to find a host of people online who have had the exact same problem . I returned it to the supplier and I 'm still looking for a decent chair . Whatever you do , do n't buy these chairs before trying them out for a few days first .
 This plastic back chair may look good and have a few adjustments but the synchronized mechanism offers little support for women who want back support . The seat pan on this chair has hard edges and it is similiar to its sister chair the Aeron . Both have been known to cause deep vein thrombosis in some of the clients we have provided ergononic assistance for . Think about it , a plastic back chair with minimal seat depth adjustment and an open hip adjustment that makes you want to sit away from the back of the chair with no real lumbar support can hardly help you begin a good foundation for support with your lower extremities . If you want support do n't chose this chair its horrible and we recommend against the purchase of them along with the Aeron 9/10 times .
 My office manager procured three of these chairs for our office at an incredibly low price . I was aware of how much these chairs cost , so when I had the chance to snap up a bargain , I did . After all , something costing this much HAD to be good , right ? Bear in mind , they came with the smooth caster wheels , adjustable lumbar support , and adjustable hand rest options ... if you add those up on Herman Miller 's website , the price of this particular chair would top out at around $ 900 . A hundred bucks less here on Amazon , but still quite steep.Don ' t get me wrong
 This item arrived over 2 weeks ago , and I can tell you that this mattress has an overwhelming smell of chemicals ... so strong that one can not even stay in the room that the mattress is in . It is disgusting . I am trying to air it out but i am doubtful that it will work .
 This mattress pad was delivered to us with yellow stains on the surface . When opened and unfolded , it would n't fit a queen bed much less a king !
 The Serta 3-lb Memory Foam Mattress topper , Queen 11/2 inch arrived very quickly -LRB- I live in New Jersey -RRB- . I am disappointed first because it feels like regular foam , not memory foam , and more importantly , because it has been cut too small for the standard queen mattress . It 's both shorter and narrower by about two inches than the standard Queen-size mattress . Since it is very bulky and hard to repackage back to its shipping size it is very difficult to send back , which makes the sizing defect all the more annoying .
 I sleep with a Nova memory foam mattress topper -LRB- bought from Costco in Canada -RRB- and found it very good . This summer I sublet an apartment for a couple of months and ordered a Serta 3-pound memory foam -LRB- supposedly a memory form -RRB- mattress topper . It was already on the bed when I arrived at the apartment . I immediately felt that it was not actually memory foam . Then I looked at the actual topper and found that it was just foam , which is quite different from memory foam . I definitely would not recommend this particular brand . In my opinion , the label `` memory foam '' was a false label .
 I bought this for an Xmas present and it has since been returned . It never `` opened up '' except in small spots throughout the pad . It was a lumpy hard pad not more than 1/8 inch thick in most places . It had yellow stains all over , like it had been left in the sun while rolled up . Terrible.I bought another one elsewhere and it was perfect . Buyer , be aware .
 This works well for where it hits the body , but it is way too short , stops at the knees , it is not as long as a twin bed . It was also difficult to unroll after it was delivered , it sticks to itself so had pull it apart and get it to lay flat .
 It will not stay on the bed . It is too thick and makes the bed too high for me to comfortably swing my stroke weakened leg onto the bed . Because the fitted sheet wo n't stay on the bed I have had two falls from the bed .
 I bought 3 of these to have by different humidors around the house . I found the $ 2 guillotine cutters you get in grocery store checkout lines stay sharper and cut better . I 've also owned a couple Xikar butane lighters and found them to be inferior to inexpensive butane lighters that replaced them . So far my impression is that Xikar products are grossly overpriced and inferior to competing brands selling for far less .
 This product has received such great reviews and I was excited to use a premium cigar cutter . But
 Ordered this pub table for a wedding gift and the table arrived in a damaged box . The table was defective and had scratches on it . When I tried to return it they required me to send pictures of the defects on the table . I sent pictures of the defective table and they refused to return it . I would never order anything from this company again as they DO NOT stand behind their product and do not return items that are completely defective and unacceptable .
 I bought this dish drainer based on the picture , thinking it was the older version , heavy , rubber , non-antimicrobial drainer . It is not . It IS the new , light , plastic , antimicrobial model which I did NOT want . However , today a salesperson from Ace Hardware told me only the light weight , plastics drainers are available from now on . Sigh .
 I agree with others here . What was wrong with the old style ? The new ones are all wrong -- both the dish drainers and the drainboards . The good old rubber-covered metal ones are the best . The new style , with the stupid hole in the end , where items can fall through into the sink , is just plain idiotic . The drainboards only come with the runoff area going the wrong way . They do n't fit my sink and counter , and the dishes have to be racked back-to-front , instead of side-to-side . The traditional side-to-side method makes sense , but the new way makes you have to reach over some dishes to get to the others , making it easier to break some of them , especially if you have overhead shelves or cabinets nearby . Side-to-side is a logical progression . I think that none of the designers have ever washed dishes by hand . They all think that machines are supposed to do the work , wasting electricity , water , and soap . Duh !
 We have limited space on the kitchen counter , so I wanted a small dish drainer . This one is too small . It only securely holds a few tall 16 oz drinking glasses with 23/4 inch rims , and only one dinner plate 101/2 inches diameter . When I try to put more glasses or dinner plates in the rack , they look like they will fall over and break . The silverware basket is very small also . Fortunately I still have my large Rubbermaid dish drainer which I will use again .
 If you never wash these , they 're fine . If you do have to ever wash them , buy an iron . ARGHHHHH . I wish I had a better product .
 These sheets look nice and were quite soft after the second wash , but after the third wash and approximately a month of use , they began to pill all over . They now look and feel cheap . I 'm very disappointed because I have purchased similarly priced 600 thread-count sheets on Amazon before that lasted for many years before wearing out . I feel ripped off .
 Sorry but I bought these sheets on Amazon a few months ago and hesitated writing a review initially because I wanted to give them a &#34; break-in &#34; period and be fair.I have had smoother more Sateen feeling sheets from Sam 's club than these . Save your money and buy something else , these are rough , and do n't feel Sateen at all , -LRB- they would make decent curtains though -RRB- .
 Both top & fitted sheets shrunk quite a bit . Fitted sheet will no longer fit properly over the mattress . I quit using this set because it is so aggreviating !
 HORRBILE QUALITY ! PILLING !! THESE SHEETS ARE ATROCIOUS ! IT MAKES ME SAD THAT THEY ARE EVEN SOLD . NOT GOOD QUALITY AT ALL !
 I was so excited when I finally decided to buy these sheets after they had say on my wish list for months and months . I could n't wait for them to arrive . I tore open the box and immediately tossed them in the wash so I could use them that night . To my dismay , I crawled into bed that night and ended up tossing and turning all night long -LRB- odd for me on my Tempurpedic -RRB- all because of these stupid sheets . They 're hot , scratchy , and feel like crappy flannel mixed with sandpaper . It was actually kind of gross . These will be getting sent back ASAP . Ick .
 These may be 600TC , but they are very thin . Thinner and not as soft as my 310 TC Northern Nights set . The top sheet is also small . It comes untucked and my husband and I are constantly playing tug of war . Not fun . I 'll pay a little more and get Northern Nights via QVC from now on !
 These sheets , are not 100 % cotton as described ! The top sheet in my Queen size in Ivory clearly states on the tag that it is a cotton polyester blend ! If your looking for all-cotton sheets do n't buy these . They are nice for a blend , but I would have never bought them if not for the misleading product description . Due to the misleading description I 'm giving these sheets a zero rating , although you ca n't rank them less than one star . If I 'd wanted a poly blend I 'd have rated them much higher .
 I purchased these sheets and they looked very nice out of package until I looked on the tags sewn inside to wash . The only sheet that is 100 % cotton is the bottom sheet . The top sheet and 2 pillowcases are 60 % cotton and 45 % polyester . Has anyone else looked at the tags sewn inside to see if this is the same in your set ? I do not know if I got a mismatched set but the RN number on the bottom of each tag states it is made in India and the RN number is the same on each tag - just the tags state cotton blend on everything except the fitted sheet . Please let me know if you have come across this . I do not know if I should exchange or find another set .
 I purchased two sets of these sheets in chocolate brown six months ago . When I received these sheets I was pleased that they were large enough to fit my bed easily . I change my sheets weekly so with two sets they have been washed twice a month for 6 months and with each washing they have shrunk and putting them on the bed has become more and more difficult until yesterday when I could n't stretch the bottom sheet far enough to get it on the bed at all and the top sheet barely covers the top of the bed . The sheets are now in the trash .
 I think I will stick with buying sheets at Marshall 's or other outlet type stores . The color is way too gold for my taste and my decor , and they are not at all soft . Making a live purchase allows you to feel -- although pre-washed linens can be deceiving , and check the real color . I am happy that they are oversize , I have a big mattress , but that is really the only thing I like about these sheets . In fact I am not even happy that they are heavy duty , I would love for them to wear out sooner so I can justify purchasing a new set .
 These sheets are of good quality material , but after opening them we noticed a one inch diameter stain -LRB- possibly a blood stain -RRB- on the fitted sheet . We needed this sheet immediately , so we laundered it with various stain-removers . The stain remains . The question is ... how could a &#34; new &#34; sheet have a stain on it . I would not buy from this vendor again .
 I 'm SO disappointed that the bottom sheet did n't fit when I got these sheets . I 've put off buying nice sheets because of the cost , but I finally took the plunge . When I put the bottom sheet on my 14 '' mattress -LRB- supposed to have 16 '' pockets and fit up to 18 '' -RRB- , I could n't get it over the one of the corners . I tugged and tugged and barely got it over the top of the pillow top but I know it will pop off when I lay on it . I love the feel and weight of the sheets , but I 'm so disappointed the bottom sheet does n't fit . I would return them , but it 's such a hassle because I do n't have the original box and do n't have time to box it up to send back . I may change my mind if I get too aggravated with it popping off . The top sheet and pillow cases are just fine . Why do n't they have better quality control ????
 I read several reviews . Stick to buying items like this in the store , it will be alot less hassle for returns , I washed them and dryed them on low , them were so wrinkled but the best part is they do not even fit the queen bed . I bought the ones with deep pockets . Also , they came out of the dryer very rough to the touch .
 Quite simply , sheets began significant pilling after only one wash . Thank goodness Amazon accepts returns . Not sure if we just got a defective set or what , but they were awful .
 I usually have great success with the products I purchase through Amazon . This product was an extreme disappointment . I washed these sheets exactly as recommended and I could barely stretch the fitted sheet across my mattress . If they shrink anymore in future washings , they will not fit at all . Unfortunately , I washed both sets that I purchased before I tried one set on the bed . I will now have to purchase sheets again very soon .
 The sheets themselves are ok , -LRB- not that soft for 600 , but not falling apart -RRB- . The color however was not at all what I was expecting . I ordered the `` cafe '' color expecting brown , however the color of the sheets that came in packaging marked as `` cafe '' was an awful deep goldish-tan , not at all brown . Very colorful , but not in a good way -LRB- at least not when you are expecting something brown -RRB- and not in the way the sheets were advertised at all . I do n't know if they screwed up and gave me the `` honey '' color , but the color was very dark - so when looking at the picture look at the top pillowcases - not the sheets below that seem to be more pale in the picture .
 Although I rather liked the stiff quality of the sheets - reminded me of sheets that have been hung to dry outside - my fitted sheet ripped at two of the corner seams within about three washings . No , I do n't have all that deep a mattress and no , I did n't pull all that hard on the corners . They just are n't very durable . I have another pair from Costco - same thread count - and they 're much better made .
 I previously wrote a good review for these sheets . However , after two weeks of use , I discovered a small hole in the fitted sheet - about 1/8 inch in diameter.I used an iron-on patch to fix it . Not worth the trouble of returning the sheets.First time I have ever encountered a hole in new sheets . Other than that , I like the sheets , but now would not buy them again .
 I doubled checked the product info . and low and behold it 's not what it states.The fitted sheet can not fit a 10 '' deep mattress . It said the pockets are 16 '' deep , and it does n't fit very well . We also found that the flat sheet has a flaw in the stitching but it was discovered too late . If you buy this product open the package and check it before use .
 We have a smaller mattress from Ikea that sits on the slats so these sheets ended up being so big I have a hard time putting them on the bed right without a few adjustments . Also they do not `` un wrinkle '' in the dryer at all . I am not one who irons my sheets if people even do that anymore . So they come out of the dryer a wrinkley mess .
 This fabric is soft and comfy , but the corner stitching on the fitted sheet -LRB- one corner , about 8 inches long -RRB- fell apart the first time I washed it . Also , the `` cafe '' color is much more of a dark mustard .
 This is a white , queen-sized set . Made in China . Washed as directed before using . Came out extremely wrinkled . Numerous small wrinkles that seem set in . Fabric is stiff and rustles audibly . Top sheet is too narrow . Have washed it several times since with fabric softener . No real help . The set will be put away and saved for emergencies . Very displeased . It seems that products like this are supplied by various factories from various countries with little attempt at consistent quality control . Well , the set was inexpensive , but really not a bargain .
 The sheets wrinkle terrible . What else can I say ?? It 's has if I rolled them up in a ball ...
 Nowhere near as soft as a true 600 count sheet set should be . Second , the color did not match the photo . Third , it looked to be of poor quality coming out of the dryer for the first time . A waste of money .
 These sheets were great at first but they quickly started pilling after just a few washes . We have had the sheets for about six weeks and they are very uncomfortable .
 I received my Renaissance Collection 600-Thread-Count Cotton Sateen Queen Sheet Set , Cafe , but there was a big problem . One side of the flat sheet was frayed , and one corner of the fitted sheet was torn !
 I do n't know what 's happening with Amazon , but of the four items I ordered on March 3 , I have received ONE of them so far ... One book has yet to be sent out , and the two others , including this item , have supposedly been sent out but I have yet to receive them ... And Amazon keeps on telling me to give it a few more days before contacting them again ! So , I guess this one star review is less about the item than it is about the terribly slow service of Amazon ... Stay tuned about the product itself , if and when it 's ever received !
 I ordered these on December 5 and now Xmas has come and gone , and still no sheets . Thanks for nothing , literally . Do n't buy these sheets -- they will put a damper on your Xmas if you do . God , this sucks .
 600 TH bed sheets - I responded TWICE with the vendor when they erroneously put my request as KING instead of QUEEN . I gave the sheets away , and will not do business with them again . They had plenty of time to rectify this situation , since I made sure they knew King was the wrong size before they shipped and still ignored my request .
 Expected to get a coffee colored or latte colored sheet from the description and they are ugly gold . Feel good but color is completely misrepresented .
 I should 've read the reviews more carefully . I ordered WHITE . The color that came in was CREAM . They call it `` Ivory '' ... That 's like an off-white yellowish color . Other reviewers have stated the same thing about the wrong color coming in.I 'm too lazy to return this . There are also no 5-star rated white queen size sheets -LRB- under $ 100 -RRB- at all on Amazon.com Next time , I 'll have to access an old fashioned department store of some type to get the proper sheets . No more ordering sheets online .
 When I 1st received these sheets they felt exactly as they should , soft , satin like . Unfortunately , upon washing , the wrinkled up -LRB- that I can handle -RRB- , but became so scratchy , I could n't sleep on them . I got up in the middle of the night and changed sheets!I guess I expected something more from 600 thread count and sateen .
 These sheets are not soft like other egyptian cotton sheets I own , even after a few washes . I do not recommend them !
 I washed these sheets and when I put the top sheet on the bed , I noticed several holes in the top sheet . For gosh sakes , where was the quality control on this item ??
 These sheets looked so nice in the packaging . I always wash sheets , etc. before using them so I washed them as I do my other sheets and they came out of the dryer so wrinkled that there is no way I would recommend them . I am now in the process of seeing if I can return them even though I have washed them.Renaissance 600-Thread-Count Cotton Sateen Queen Sheet Set , Ivory
 I recently received these sheets and as soon as I opened the box I could tell that the sheets were n't the color in the description or in the picture on Amazon . I ordered the ivory queen-size sheet set and what I received -LRB- though it says ivory on the package -RRB- is more like beige or tan . My understanding has always been that ivory is off-white but this is at least 2-3 shades darker than that . I 'll be sending these back .
 Not happy with purchase . This sheetset does not feel like it is 600 thread count . Am disappointed with purchase . Will stick to CostCo next time .
 While these sheets feel great , on the first wash the color bled . A lot ! The bleeding continues with each wash . These sheets now have giant colorless blotches all over them . They were always laundered per instruction . They are only a few months old and they are useless .
 Yes , I have had the problem so many other reviewers have had with these sheets . My fault for not reading the reviews before I bought them ! I have washed them about 10 times to try and get some of the stiffness out of them and they are like a board still . Tried the fabric softener trick too and it did n't help at all . Tried to send them back after 30 days -LRB- of washing and hoping that they would get better -RRB- and got the fabulous Amazon message that they would give me 50 % of my money back ! Guess I should not have kept hoping they would get less stiff . I am not kidding , sandpaper is more comfortable to sleep on . We took them off in the middle of the night they were so bad ! Do n't buy these sheets -- it has been 3 months of washing them -LRB- and not sleeping in them -RRB- and I still ca n't use them .
 I loved these sheets when I first received them and would have written a glowing review then . However , now that I have washed them twice there is no sheen to them and every single inch on them is pilled . They look terrible but I have n't slept on them yet since they pilled so I do n't know how that will feel . Hopefully it wo n't be noticeable . No one sees these sheets other than me and my husband , but I am very disappointed with these considering I 've had cheaper sheet sets for 8 years that have n't reacted this way . By the way , I ordered the set in chocolate and it is a nice color if brown is what you want . Maybe it 's possible that certain colors pill and some do n't ? I have read other reviews that people said their sheets pilled also .
 I do n't think that these sheets are truly 600 thread count . They are no where near as soft as other sheets that I have that are 600 thread count . I have washed them twice now hoping that they will soften up ... let 's keep our fingers crossed .
 I bought the chocolate Renaissance sheets . They are the worse sheets that I have ever purchased . They are rough and very wrinkled after washing . I ca n't imagine they are 600 thread count . I have purchased better quality sheets at the big box stores .
 I purchased what I thought were the same sheets last year . They were thick and very well made . But these sheets suck . After only a week or two they 've started to pill , plus they are not thick like the ones we purchased last time . 600 count is very inaccurate . I DO NOT RECOMMEND !
 Was thrilled with such nice sheets for such a good price of $ 39.99 . We bought them as a spare set of sheets and after two uses and two washes , the fitted sheet got tiny holes in it . Time to get out the mending set . Definately not recommended to purchase !
 I just ca n't fathom all these positive reviews ... the reviews gave me the confidence to buy the sheets , and after carefully washing in cold water and a cool dry , they came out thick , stiff , and scratchy . They 're just not smooth and soft at ALL -- after washing a couple times . What a disappointment . How in the world is this `` sateen ? ''
 The sheets were soft straight out of the package and I decided to follow the washing instructions . The end result was an extremely rough set of sheets that were horribly stiff . My previous set of sheets was a cheap 200tc set from Walmart -LRB- yeah , Walmart ... -RRB- until I could get decent sheets for my new bed and they were way softer than these sheets . Terrible , terrible sheets . Steer clear of these . I thought with 500 reviews and 4/5 stars they could n't be that bad . I was wrong . I still have the unwashed pillowcases and the difference between the two is like night and day . They also say sateen ... but they sure as heck do n't look/feel like it.I would n't recommend these sheets to anyone .
 I ordered these a few months back . I have washed them a few times and they feel scratchy . The fitted sheet barely fits on our queen bed . I do n't think they are horrible , just would n't buy again . Hope this helps !
 It seems strong , durable and possibly soft after a few washes , but it has n't gotten soft ! I purchased these 7 months ago and have been using them almost entirely ! They are scratchy , wrinkles like crazy -LRB- normally I do n't care , but this is ridiculous -RRB- and on my husband 's side it pilled so badly I want to take a sweater shaver to it . Do n't waste your money ! Very disappointed !
 I can not reconcile my experience with these sheets with all the positive reviews out there unless there is a great variability in quality between sizes/colors . I bought the queen set in chocolate . When I got them I thought the color looked very nice . I washed them and they fit on the bed fine . Those are the only good things I can say about them . They are very rough and scratchy . My husband calls them the sandpaper sheets . After only two washes -LRB- as per instructions -RRB- , the color was running out in huge patches , and continues to get worse each wash . Fresh out of the dryer they are incredibly wrinkled and seem to pick up ever piece of residual lint . In short , they are uncomfortable and look terrible . I was waiting to see if they would get softer after multiple washes but I think they are a lost cause . I guess sheets are just one of those things you have to buy in a store .
 At first I thought this was a great deal on very nice , high thread count sheet set . However I guess you get what you pay for because after the second wash , the entire sheet set pilled up . I read a few other reviews saying this ... my sheet set was ivory , perhaps the white does n't pill ?? I was very careful to wash according to the instructions on the label ! Now after the 4th wash these sheets feel like sand paper and will have to be replaced soon . My previous sheet set lasted for 6 years without any pilling , this manufacturing is sub-par . Perhaps I got 40 dollars of value from them , but I can NOT recommend these sheets at all , unless it 's for a kid 's halloween costume or to use as a drop-cloth . Terrible product .
 I was disapointed in these sheets and pillow cases . When I first opened them they looked great . After 1 washing the finish was no longer there . I would not buy them again.Renaissance 600 Thread Count 100 % Cotton Sateen Queen Sheet Set , WhiteRenaissance 600 Thread Count 100 % Cotton Sateen Queen Sheet Set , White
 Do n't be like me , READ the Reviews on this item ! Sheets are of a lesser quality than i expected ! the fabric pills after just a few washes ! DO NOT BUY THESE SHEETS !
 Do n't believe this 600-thread-B.S. After one wash -LRB- and I do mean O-N-E -RRB- , the glossy finish was gone and I was left with nothing short of card board . It 's extremely dissapointing b/c I opened the package and felt the smooth , cool to the touch , softness of the material and was really excited to put them on . But now they 're so stiff , cheap walmart sheets feel like silk in comparison . Sadly , some of you might still give these sheets the benefit of doubt with all the good reviews it 's got going for it . I just hope you have softer water than me , cause my sheets are unbearable .
 First off I bought these sheets knowing they were cheap for a king sheet set -LRB- I got the chocolate ones for $ 40-ish -RRB- . That said , I would n't even pay $ 20 for these sheets . They are terrible.The word `` sateen '' should n't even be included ! Sateen is supposed to be like faux Satin ... well these are so not like that . They have a slight , if you look away quickly , sheen to them ... but they are in NO WAY sateen . They seem to be of high quality -LRB- thick and strong -RRB- . I contacted Amazon after getting the first set because after washing them , they were hard , stiff , wrinkled and crunchy ! They were awful . I washed them just as directed and they came out terrible.I contacted the customer support department and very promptly had an email informing me they had shipped another set out with one-day delivery . Not exactly what I meant when I emailed them asking what could be done -LRB- because I had washed them already and thrown all packaging away -RRB- . So I returned the first set -LRB- without packaging -RRB- . The 2nd set are of course -LRB- as I expected -RRB- exactly the same.The color is nice.The look is quite nice -LRB- although not sateen , I like the look of them -RRB- . BUT that is it!Not a good buy at all .
 These sheets are nothing special . I have bought the same thing at a local odd-lot store . The color is completely misrepresented in the Amazon color swatch . I thought the TEAL was so pretty that I could n't wait to get them . I had to wait three weeks and when they arrived the color was a faded GREY-GREEN -LRB- Sage Green -RRB- and not TEAL at all . Too heavy to send back . The sheets are thin and soft , 600 thread count is meaningless . They must just make the threads smaller to fit 600 in a square inch . Save your money and buy from a real store where you can see and feel them before you buy .
 These are the most versitile sheets on the market . They are bulletproof , rough and can be used for collecting leaves in the yard , painting drop cloth , and other heavy industrial uses . I can imagine wet they could cut through steel too . Also sandpaper , 100 grit or emery paper to sand down pipes or deburr copper pipesYou can sleep on them too , and if someone tries to shoot you while you sleep these sheets will probably stop a .45 round at close range . Soft ? Hell no , we do n't need soft . These sheets are so hard they probably will be used to line hulls of the new battleships.Get the picture ?
 I was pleasantly surprised with the speed at which it was delivered . Feels very soft and thick.The only disadvantage and it makes the set useless for us is that the fitted sheet is a couple of inches smaller than the standard queen size mattress . So I would n't buy this again nor would I recommend it to anyone .
 The color was not at all what I expected , either from the picture or the word -LRB- Cafe -RRB- used to describe it ; instead , the sheets were a light gold . Also , I expect sateen sheets to be smooth and silky , especially with this thread count , and these were stiff and uncomfortable . They actually crunch when you move around in them . This is the last time I buy something like this online ; from now on , I 'm not buying sheets unless I can see and feel them first .
 These sheets are the worse I have ever bought . They left an enormous amout of lint in the dryer , they came out horribly wrinkled and they did n't fit the king sized bed properly .
 For this price , I expected a pretty high end set of sheets ... one that was fairly soft , and fit well . With these , I got neither . Not only do these feel `` cheap '' and thin , they 're not soft at all , even after three washings . Additionally , although I ordered Queen size sheets and do not have an overly thick mattress , it almost took an act of Congress to get the final corner onto the mattress . I can tell just by this first experience that they are n't sized properly , and that after a few uses , the elastic is going to be complete stretched out . Do yourself a favor and do n't buy these . Go to Target and get their 600-count Egyptian sheets ... which is what I wish I had done to begin with .
 I 've been using 600 + count sheets now for over 7 years and I ordered these considering the many positive reviews . I ordered King and I have to say that they are rough not soft ! They are not comfortable at all . I am going to wash them a few more times and hopefully they get softer the more I wear them in .
 We ordered cafe colored and it is actually a dark mustard yellow . Also the fabric is the kind that is always wrinkled even if you iron it . Not worth it at all .
 I was not happy with the color of these sheets . The quality was also questionable . When I washed these sheets , the color faded and they became very wrinkly and messy . All in all , I would say these were not my best purchase .
 I used to work for a store that sold basic to luxury bedding . THIS is a clear example of one can be mislead by all the great reviews . I have a couple sets of Sateen sheets . Specifically polyester sateen sheets . I 'm not exaggerating when I say they are amazingly silky smooth and soft . I 've been having difficulty finding similar sheets as the store from which I originally purchased my sheets no longer sells sateen sheets.So , after a search on amazon , I found these sheets with so many five star reviews , I thought `` well this MUST be a good product '' . I was wrong . Now for more perspective , I 'm not the only one that 's commented on the great quality of my sateen sheets . Everyone that feels my sheets comments about the smoothness and softness . When I opened the package for these `` Elite '' , `` collection '' sheets , I was shocked at how rough and cheap the sheet felt . Let me put it to you this way , I 've been to cheap motels that have better sheets than these . I would feel bad having a guest sleep on these sheets , much less myself . Again , I 'm not exaggerating . These sheets are poor quality . I truly feel like I was ripped off.My sateen sheets were purchased for just under $ 50.00 . This product I 'm reviewing costs twice as much after shipping . I 'm still at a loss as to how so many great reviews have been placed on such a poor quality product . It just goes to show that you ca n't rely on customer reviews . Better to search for professional opinions on a product , THEN search for it on amazon if you wish , or elsewhere .
 The Sheets I recieved were missized . I ordered the King Set . When they arrived i took them out , washed and dried them and proceeded to make up my bed only to discover that the fitted sheet was a Queen !!!!!!!!
 I ordered this set for my king sized bed and cafe -LRB- which is coffee in French -RRB- turns out to be a gold/yellow color . The the photo on the site it looks more like a taupe but I was wrong . Even my husband asked why I bought `` gold '' sheets to go with our brown/blue comforter set -LRB- which does not go at all -RRB- . I still ended up keeping this set as we only ordered one set of sheets for our new bed so far . The sheets feel soft and I have no complaints there other then the color is totally off . If I order another set it will be the dark brown set .
 These sheets are advertised as `` Sateen '' and they are anything but . Even after gentle washing , cool drying and fabric softener , they remain rough to the touch . Plus , they wrinkle terribly ! A `` dog '' of a prioduct .
 The sheets slept very hot , so I did n't use them for more than a couple of days . When I went to wash them , one of the pillow-cases ripped .
 This is the last time I will EVER buy sheets that are not made in the USA . These are from India . After unboxing , leaving the package on the table for 2 days I unzipped the plastic , removed them from the casing -LRB- king size so there was a lot of fabric -RRB- and saw what looked like black grease spots on the top -LRB- dress -RRB- part of the top sheet and on one pillow case -LRB- they are WHITE sheets -RRB- . My husband had already thrown the packaging material away so I tried to use a spot remover product before washing them . The grease -LRB- magic marker ? -RRB- spots did not come out and they are so wrinkled after washing that I will have to iron them . It 's been a while since I have bought sheets and thought these would be nice , 600 ct. , nothing feels quality about them . Heavy , wrinkled . Really my first bad experience with Amazon products but I wo n't forget .
 After 1 month of use these sheets started piling . At 600TC I would have expected these to be much softer . Overall very disappointed . I will not be buying this brand again .
 I purchased this item twice . The first time I had to return it because the top sheet was way too short for our bed . They replaced it , but after several washings , the top sheet barely fits our bed .
 I bought these sheets a few months ago and they have already started to pill . They are now very uncomfortable . I was not very satisfied when I first received them because they felt thin and more like a tee shirt than cotton sheets , but now I am very unsatisfied because they have not held up at all .
 I received my sheets last week . I washed them , according to package instructions , and was prepared for a good night sleep . To my dismay , the sheets were not comfortable . I like my sheet 's soft . I tossed all night . I noticed some of the previous reviews stated the sheets were a little on the thick side , but I thought it would n't be a problem for me . I was wrong . Last year I ordered sheets from Amazon -LRB- Pinzon 500 thread count egyptian Sateen -RRB- and I loved them !! They are my favorite set . I 've been waiting on the chocolate color Pinzon sheets to go on sale -LRB- currently it 's over $ 100 dollars ! -RRB- but I got tired of waiting and decided to try this set instead . I should have waited . Save your money , buy the Pinzon sheets . You wo n't be dissappointed .
 I purchased a Queen set in white over a month ago and waited until I laundered them multiple times before submitting a review . I tried the set on my mattress before washing to make sure they fit ; the fitted bottom sheet was large , fit easily over my 12 '' thick mattress -LRB- with mattress pad , electric mattress pad and feather topper -RRB- . However , after several washings they are difficult to stretch over the mattress ... they still fit but it 's a struggle . The top flat sheet was too narrow before washing . It 's acceptable but wish it would have hung down a little more . FYI
 This purchase is disappointing . Sheets are stiff for sateen and the color is not true to the advertisement on line . Cafe looks more gold ; not an attractive color .
 Hello there , Im writing a review about 4 months after purchasing this product . First off when I got these sheets they were great ... had that nice thick 600 thread feeling . These sheets were purchased so I could trade out my other ones for these ones in case I did n't have time to get washed and put on immediately.After about 8-10x washing I noticed a piling up of the fabric ! This was very frustrating cause I know that 600 Thread count sheets should n't do that ! I can not stand feeling that piling of the fabric while sleeping.So please take as a helpful hint because I wish I had listened to other peoples similar reviews . I just passed by thinking what a great Deal being only $ 50 -LRB- which I noticed now they are $ 60 ! -RRB- and reading other peoples great reviews . -LRB- which I think they did the review right when they got the sheets and not after some washing -RRB-
 These sheets are not what they promised . Already pilling after one wash . They are not as soft as you are lead to believe .
 THESE SHEETS APPEAR TO BE VERY GOOD QUALITY AND FEEL VERY NICE , BUT THEY DO NOT FIT DEEP POCKET MATTRESSES AS INDICATED . I HAVE A SLEEP NUMBER BED , AND HAVE NEVER HAD A PROBLEM WITH SHEETS FITTING UNTIL THESE .
 The color of these sheets is Gold , not cafe or any shade of tan or brown as shown in the photo . Totally unacceptable . Returned them .
 These sheets are not soft . They are grainy feeling . I have washed them with lots of softener and that did not help . They are also thin . It is my fault for not paying attention . These are NOT Egyptian cotton .
 Not soft at all . Have had cheap sheets that are softer than these . The 500 thread count I got from Macy 's were a much better product .
 These shrink BAD ! They barely fit the bed and after the first wash it was harder . Now , it takes the both of us reefing on a corner to get it to go over the edge . They seem to be pretty stain resistant which is good . Nice color and nice feel , they just do n't fit : -LRB-
 Gave to my MIL for christmas . She could n't stand them because they were so scratchy . I brought home and washed twice with vinegar , drying sheets , etc but they are still very wrinkly and harsh . Put on the bed and had to change it in the middle of the night . I would NOT recommend
 I love the look and feel of these sheets , they are of great quality . They are not , however , large enough to fit on a queen size mattress . I would have returned them , but I am a single guy , and I thought maybe after a wash or two they would stop bending my mattress so I threw the packaging away . It 's probably my fault for not returning them immediately , but I would buy them again if they actually fit because I love the way they feel . If you buy them hang on to the packaging and do not hesitate to send them back if they do n't fit immediately !
 The title says it all in a concise manner . Sateen sheets are intended to be soft to the touch and are very dissimilar to the sateen sheets my friend purchased in a bedding store . After feeling the coarse rough-feeling nature I quickly noticed a large 3cm x 3cm -LRB- large -RRB- hole in the middle of the main bedding sheet through it 's folded portion - meaning numerous large holes in different areas.Although there are many products I purchase on Amazon that are worth their price , these are no more impressive than most of the 400-thread cotton sheets I considered purchasing in the store . Perhaps , these sheets are vastly more comfortable to the touch after washing , but they certainly are not a bargain for the quality upon initial opinion.I hope your purchase experience was/is better .
 did not come in original package , but seemed to be opened and not by us . The sheets still do not fit the bed .
 Bottom -LRB- fitted -RRB- sheet is very difficult to put on . Sheet is barely large enough to fit on mattress , and elastic far too tight to stretch over four corners . I have been using them for several months , thinking the elastic would stretch - it has NOT.Unfortunately I purchased two sets and both have the same issue .
 Ridiculously stiff sheets and definitely feels NOTHING like sateen sheets . Even after washing with fabric softener still did not help .
 I had high hopes for these sheets as they were 600 thread count for a good price - I guess you get what you pay for ! I owned them for only a week and very quickly returned them to Amazon - after they were washed I could not get the wrinkles out - I followed the recommendations and even ironed them - all to no avail . I would highly suggest that you do not waste your time or money buying them unless you like the wrinkled , dishevelled look . I would give these sheets no stars if I could !
 I was thoroughly disappointed in both the sheets and Amazon . Firstly , these sheets are NOT 100 % cotton ; they are in fact 55 % cotton and 45 % polyester . Secondly , Amazon clearly has not done sufficient quality control to catch the misrepresentation . I might have gotten past the fact that they are n't 100 % cotton because they felt so nice coming out of the packaging , but once washed , they had lost a lot of their softness and no longer seemed appealing at all . Do n't waste your money ; you will be disappointed !
 these sheets are terrible , you might as well buy the $ 20 ikea sheets . 100 % cotton ? , sure maybe , sateen weave ? definitely not ... save your money cause this is n't a steal
 ... AFTER A FEW WASH , IT LOOKS LIKE A 100 YEAR OLD GRANDMOTHER ! ! THE QUALITY IS SO BAD ... SO . . SO CHEAP , IT DOSENT FIT MY KING SIZE BED , I USE VERY LOW HEAT . . STILL
 I 'm disappointed in the sheet set . Yes , they are well made and fit my King nicely . However , to me , `` Sateen '' means soft and silky sheets , especially with a 600 thread count . The set is not soft on the skin and feels more like sandpaper . I am going to try washing & drying them a dozen times to get to the `` sateen '' stage .
 Got these and when I opened I thought they were a bit rough . Washed and then washed again . I feel like I am back to my college days when I was n't concerned about thread count and got the cute sheets . Swear these feel like a 200 thread count sheet . I like the color and hope they soften more with washings .
 What I love about these sheets
 If you like sheets that pill and wrinkle after a few days these are for you !! I could have spent $ 10 at Wal Mart and got better sheets than this ! I thought I 'd give them another chance after sleeping on them a few nights and got a razor and shaved the sheets then washed them according to the care instructions . After 4 nights they started to get little fuzzies again . I 'm working with Amazon to get a refund .
 These sheets seemed to be awesome at first use . After sleeping on them , however , there is significant pilling after only a short use . I loved them when I bought them , but now feel otherwise . I would not recommend these sheets .
 When I received the sheets , they were the right color , and they felt really soft , but after washing them -LRB- following the instructions on the tag -RRB- they shrunk and lost almost all of their softness . I am not happy with my purchase . Next time I 'll just stick with a brand I trust .
 I 've only owned these sheets for two weeks and they are already headed toward the trash . We loved them when we first received them , but now they are starting to show wear and form bumps all over . Very disapointing .
 I received a set of this sheet set and an extra set of pillow cases for an early Christmas gift . I thought 600 thread count would mean they were high quality and soft ! While the stitching is good , and the fabric is thick , the sheets texture feel like sand paper ! For the price , I expected a good quality sheet set . I washed and dried them yesterday and used them last night and they felt terrible !!! Do not buy these sheets - or you will be shipping them back to amazon like I will be .
 These sheets were great when they arrived , I was happy with the color , and they were really soft . I rotate between them and another set of sheets each week , so these were actually only used about 6 weeks -LRB- 6 washings -RRB- before the fitted sheet was pilled so bad that it became rough and uncomfortable . The color also became very patchy and spotted after a few washings . I would not buy this brand again , or recommend it to anyone .
 I ordered the sheets based on the image on the listing which made it look like a light shade of brown . The actual sheets that arrived -LRB- the color name was `` Cafe '' -RRB- were a darker brown with a gold/yellowish hue to them and i was very disappointed . I never opened the package to check the quality of the material ... they seemed very nice , i was just disappointed by the color and ended up returning them .
 These arrived at our house on the 12th of Oct. and have only lasted for a month , they were very smooth and soft to begin with but now they are very rough .
 The sheets feel nice and are functional . Yay ... But they are more golden than mocha . Either they switched it on us and did n't tell us or the company has a very bad photographer working for them . Either way it just is n't worth the effort of shipping them back and going through that hassle , so whatever . Buying things online is always a risk .
 I have never once posted a review for anything , ever , and I am a huge online shopper . When you first take these sheets out of the box they fee wonderful . After you wash them they are scratchy and made me feel itchy . True sheets of the quality this brand `` advertises '' feel great for a long time , this is not the case with this product . I feel that I wasted my money and would never advise someone to buy these sheets , go to Marshalls of TJ Maxx over buying this item .
 Really disappointed in the color of these sheets . `` Cafe '' would bring to mind the color of coffee/latte not a horrible gold color . Sheets bunch up and do n't stay tight on the mattress .
 these sheets were used three times and are badly pilled . I never wash towels with my sheets so it is just bad fiber even though they were supposed to be 600 thread count . Tried to return them , missed the return date . I would have to have left them on the bed for the whole month to know they were this bad .
 I have n't gotten more than 3 uses out of this set and consider them scrap material at this point . They seem to shrink more with each wash . They never fit my standard sized king well and now dont fit at all . They piled up immediately and quite a bit with each wash so not a smooth feeling on your skin at all . Others wrote about wrinkling which I also experienced though that does n't bother me much . With all the good reviews I honestly wonder if different sheets are being sold as the same product .
 I washed the sheets before I used them the first time , and I noticed that one of the seams on the pillow case was torn . After washing them a second time , a seam on the sheet also ripped.The material is nice . The workmanship , not so much !
 I 've ordered these sheets hoping for quality , but what I got is a damaged product with holes in it ! I am very angry and disappointed : -LRB-
 I bought a set of these sheets in Ivory and fell absolutely in love with them . They were beautiful , soft and snuggly . I liked them so much I bought a second set in Chocolate brown and they are TERRIBLE !!! They are rough and scratchy . I washed them twice , used fabric softener and still they were awful . I have gotten lots of stuff off Amazon and NEVER had a problem like this and never felt compelled to write a review , especially a negative one . Please buy these sheets with caution .
 I had ordered 2 sets of these sheets and as usual the shipping was excellant . But the sheets themselves were very diappointing . They were fine until they were washed . They no longer fit the air mattress at all . And I feel they were a total waste of money . I recommand that you save your money and purchase something else .
 These sheets were soft out of the package and seemed nice . I washed them according to wash instructions and after 1 week on the bed they are already starting to pill . Very disappointing , I 've had cheapy 250TC sheets that have held up better . I guess you get what you pay for .
 I bought these sheets from amazon along with a set of 400 thread count from Bed Bath and Beyond for my new bed . They cost about the same amount . I have rotated each set for the last 4 months and am very surprised that the 400 count set feels like new while this 600 thread count set is pilled and rough , they will be going in the rag bag soon and I Will not buy again . Pay the extra money for the 600 thread count from bed bath and beyond .
 I ordered really nice sheets , and thought that the color `` ivory '' would look nice . It certainly looks nice and white on the web page ! When it arrived the contents were marked `` Ivory '' , but the actual color is yellow -LRB- a very uncomplimentary color for sheets -RRB- . When I compare the color of what I got with the web site , there 's a stark contrast . It 's a case of color misrepresentation in the advertising . There 's no obvious way to deal with this without losing shipping costs , etc. . Very disappointing !
 I ordered these needing some ` Cafe ' colored sheets ... When you see Cafe , you think of a light brown . These sheets are GOLD . Definitely returning them . Very disappointed .
 I am so upset . I bought these sheets as a gift for my very pregnant daughter in an effort to make her bed softer and more comfortable . She washed them on gentle before she put them on her bed . When I asked her tonight on Skype `` how are the new sheets , '' she said with hesitation , `` they are a bit scratchy . '' OMG These so-called 600-thread-count sheets should be very smooth . Cheap sheets are scratchy , and these certainly were not cheap . I wish that she would have told me when she opened them that they were not nice sheets so that I could have returned them . All I can say about these sheets is `` do n't order them . '' They are not what they claim to be .
 I purchased these sheets because we like a high thread count , soft sheet and this seemed like a good deal . Instead , we received sheets that are akin to what you would find in a cheap motel room . These sheets are nothing close to other 600 TC sheets I own . They are stiff and irritating , even after 2 washings with fabric softener . They feel nothing like `` Sateen '' as advertised . I have a set of 400 TC sheets that are far superior in softness than these sheets . In short , save your money unless you intend to put these in a cheap motel room .
 I purchased a set of Renaissance 600-count sheets at a store and loved it - silky and a good fit . I sought and found what looked like the same sheets on Amazon -LRB- same name , thread count , appearance and price -RRB- . I purchase the ivory and teal blue . I did not receive the blue sheets , but a more blue-gray . Amazon offered to take them back and ultimately I got them without charge . Both colors shrank a bit when washed , enough to make it a struggle to get them on the bed . But after washing the ivory also became thicker , annoyingly so . Ultimately I gave them away .
 I 'd been looking for some chocolate colored sheets to complement our new master bedroom . Saw the Renaissance Collection 600 thread count and said `` wow , nice ... '' WRONG !!! I washed them before I put them on the bed as I always do with new linen and what came out of the dryer were EXTREMELY wrinkled sheets ... they felt soft when I took them out of the packaging but they lost all their softness once I washed them ... I know there is a lesson to be learned ...
 I purchased 2 sets of these sheets in different colors . The fitted sheets are too SMALL to fit over my mattress ! I washed them before trying them on my queen size bed . Maybe I should have tried them on the mattress first . This has never happened to me before so I did n't think anything of it . Also , they look like the most wrinkled mess you will ever pull out of your dryer ! I am so mad that I am stuck with two sets of these . On the bright side I guess I can use the 2 non-fitted sheets to make my bed . One will have to `` act '' as a fitted sheet on the bottom . They are a bit rough feeling ... not what I would expect for the thread-count , but I have n't slept on them yet . What a waste of money ! I gave this product 1 star because the colors are pretty . That 's it ... otherwise they suck .
 I got the queen size set in ivory . They seemed well made out-of-the-box and of good texture , not rough as others have complained about for the king-size sheets . The pillow cases have nice stitching and generous hems . Both sheets were initially ample in size . The fitted sheet is notably generous and easily handles the 7-8 '' thickness of my mattress ; I project it could handle the much larger mattress thicknesses as advertised . BUT the nice silky smooth finish was destroyed after I washed them in hot water . Both sheets and pillow cases came out badly wrinkled , faded , and the sheen and silky smoothness were gone . The flat sheet shrunk significantly -LRB- approximately 5 inches off the 90 '' width -RRB- , so its hard to keep it in place over-night . I 've never had this problem with any of the other sheets I 've bought in the past ; they are/were probably polyester/cotton blends . So if you buy these sheets DO NOT WASH THEM IN HOT WATER ; THEY WILL BE SEVERLY DAMAGED . My recommendation is to avoid these sheets and buy some nice permanent press sheets with a ~ 40/60 % polyester/cotton content .
 I saw the multitude of positive reviews and popularity of these sheets and thought I was safe to purchase them online . A month into using my king sheet set and I already know that I was wrong . The main flaw with this product that I have found is that the fitted sheet has already started to pill up , creating an unpleasant texture to snuggle into at the end of the day . The pillow cases and top sheet are holding up fine thus far -- but one would expect any product to hold up after a month of normal use . I am hoping to return these sheets and may just go down to a local Goodwill and see if there are any sheets there that I can give a good washing to and use . At least then I 'll know that they have been used without balling up . Quite disappointing . I 'd highly recommend looking for a different product .
 Read the reviews . Was hoping for a set of affordable , quality bed sheets like the set I got from Sears years ago that were recommended and I still have and use . But , no . Just average feel while being a little heavy .
 Looks great ... until the first wash . fitted sheet shrunk from a queen to a full size mattress !! Also , lost all its shine . Looks like a very cheap pair of sheets now . Washed in cold water and dried at low heat . are those disposable sheets ?
 Terrible quality . Too washings -LRB- in cold and dried on low heat -RRB- and the sheets have shrunk so much they do n't fit the bed !
 I know you should never depend on the colors shown on the computer , but when I ordered STONE sheets , what arrived was very cafe au lait . I was hoping for taupe with a lot of gray as the picture showed.Then I washed them , before I used them for the first time , and the seams fell apart.I ordered HONEY sheets and they turned out to be mustard colored.If I could give less than one star , I would .
 They pilled up and were rough after only the second washing . Definitely not satisfied with the quality .
 I was so excited to purchase the 600 TC Sateen sheets ! I could n't wait for them to arrive , wash them , and put them on my bed . Much to my disappointment , however , these sheets are anything from soft and comfortable . It was like sleeping on the cheapest hotel sheets you can imagine . I 've washed them at least a dozen times , using excessive amounts of fabric softener and dryer sheets to try and make them softer . I have not yet succeeded in that . The deal I got would have been impressive if only the sheets were worth what I paid . I would n't recommend these to anyone . Sorry .
 Despite this being a 600 thread count set , it only took three washes to start pilling . This should not happen with a set like this .
 The bottom sheet fits like a king size sheet at the foot of the mattress and is smaller at the top of the mattress . None of the corners line up nicely on my new pillow-top queen size mattress . Also , the elastic is very poor quality.The top sheet fits like a full-size sheet and barely covers a queen mattress . These sheets are poorly assembled . Very disappointed .
 Not happy with these sheets . I have to iron them and they do not feel like they are 600 count . Will not purchase this brand again .
 The 600 count sheets are nice at first . I have had mine for a little over 2 months . After washing a few times thefabric has balled up like a fleece item after much use . After reading the 30 day return policy from Amazon Iwas most disappointed . Most items stay neat and undamaged the first few months of using . I wish I had bought sheetslocally so I could return or exchange them for a higher quality .
 Regardless of other issues , these sheets are n't the smooth out of the box -LRB- nor after a good washing or two -RRB- that one finds in 400 threadcount Egyptian Cotton sheets . I 'll be returning these and buying 400 TC Egyptian cotton .
 Sheets are stiff upon arrival and do not * approach * comfort until the 3rd or 4th wash . I am not sure their idea of `` sateen '' is the same as the rest of the industry . Apparently they have `` sateen '' confused with `` sail canvas '' . A few months later I bought these http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001ICYV04/ref=ox_ya_oh_productfor -LSB- ... -RSB- more and they are SO much nicer . I wish I 'd just bought them in the first place .
 The material in these sheets is harsh-feeling , and keeps in a great deal of heat . We were waking up and throwing off the sheets in the middle of the night , even with a ceiling fan going in an air conditioned room . We expected 600 count sheet to be soft and supple , but these felt very rough and scratchy . Also , the color , Cafe , is really a gold , and was not what was expected .
 I thought these were going to be A LOT softer - I have some 600 thread sheets now -LRB- much softer -RRB- however they were twice the cost . They are very thick and I like the chocolate brown color ...
 These sheets DO NOT feel like 600 thread count ! My old sheets are 400 and they feel much softer . I would not reccommend this product if you want soft sheets . They also barely fit on my bed .
 Still after several washes and softner they are rough . I ended up buying 600 count from Costco and they are wonderful . I was very disspointed . No way thse are 600 thread count .
 This 600 thread count sateen sheet set was not a good buy . In following washing and drying instructions , they end up a stiff mess of huge wrinkles and would be uncomfortable to sleep on . You would have to iron them to use them and who has time to do that !
 These sheets are not soft and luxurious as advertised . They are thick , hard and crunchy like paper . They also wrinkle easily and look a terrible mess on our bed . Do not recommend them .
 I just went back and searched my purchase from 2009 so I could by the same set as before . Mine finally had a worn spot that split.I love these sheets they are thick and cool , do n't cling . The fitted sheet stays put and that 's saying a lot because I do n't like to stay still when I sleep.I have only one other set that I hate so these are a wash weekly and put back on set and have really held up amazingly . After I receive my new set I will update and determine if the quality is the same etc. but as of now 5 stars.Unfortunately the new set were a disappointment , much thinner that before and started pilling after the first couple of washes . first time I have returned an item like this .
 Very poor quality - nothing like sateen at all . Very hard , impossible to iron , wrinkled all the time , nothing like the color that u expect / want , harsh on the skin . I don t recommend this product . At all .
 I like the fabric of the sheets , but I ordered the color `` Cafe '' and it looks like it should be called `` Harvest Gold '' It does n't match the comforter I bought like I had hoped . -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0030HEFXI/ref=oss_product -RRB- Many other people bought these sheets with the comforter I had also purchased , in fact that is why I decided on these sheets , I am a guy and I 'm just not very good at color coordinating . Also , the pillow cases are too short ! I ordered a California King sheet set , and my king sized pillows hang out of the cases about 2 or 3 inches , it looks tacky!I 'm not happy with these , I 'm not going to return them because it 's too much of a hassle for me , but I would not recommend it to friends , and would not purchase again : -LRB-
 These are about as soft as my 300 thread count sheets that I 've had for five years and of lesser quality than my 500 thread count sheets . Had I known that they 'd be of less than mediocre quality , I may have sprung for something more expensive with a higher thread count as I was looking to upgrade . However , I fell victim to the relatively attractive price and , due to that price , it 's simply not worth the shipping cost and hassle to return them so as far as I 'm concerned I 'm stuck with them.If you 're used to thread count sheets around 600 I 'd suggest not purchasing them because you 'll almost assuredly be as unimpressed with them as I am .
 The fabric is the same as the sacks that in the 50 's held chicken mash -LRB- chicken food -RRB- from the feed and grain store . No amount of laundering or wear will ever soften this coarse and rough cotton enough to make it comfortable to sleep on . They are not a true white , but more an ivory and made to `` resemble '' a popular striped sheet you find at local stores and even hotels . I was astounded that such a poor textile was still in use much less sold as bedding.I took a leap of faith in the 90 's and used my credit card to buy books through the Internet on the site known as Amazon . Now many years later after having purchased probably hundreds of products , this will be my first return . I think the consumer and Amazon have been deceived .
 Sheets are not at all soft - they feel like cardboard and when you wash them , they come out of the dryer very wrinkled . Not able to recommend at all .
 These sheets look okay but they 're so stiff and rough I have n't used them yet . I 've washed them twice in hot water and will do so again and see how they do . I do n't know whether it 's the fabric or the amount of sizing , but so far I ca n't recommend them . I 'm going to find the ones I 've ordered before and get another set.It 's now February and I 've finally put them on the bed . They never got softer . They come out of the dryer very wrinkled and stay that way . My husband had to help put the fitted sheet on because it 's a little too short , and our mattress is only 9 inches deep . This sheet would never go on a deep pocket mattress . The top sheet barely tucks in at the bottom . I 'm going to accept the loss and give these sheets to Goodwill . I do not recommend them .
 Sorry , but at 600 thread count , I was expecting a soft sheet , something that kinda felt like satin . Boy was I wrong ! They washed up nicely , but the softness I expected was n't there . Felt more like a cheap sheet I 'd buy from a discount store !! I 'd send them back , but it 's more of a hassel then I want to deal with at this time.Sondra
 I am extremely disappointed in these sheets . I would like to return them , but I used them . However , the sheets are not sateen in my estimation . They are coarse to lay on and I would expect much better from Amazon .
 These sheets were an utter disappointment , there is no way that they are 600 thread count - they are coarse and cheap feeling . The sheets I normally buy at Costco are much nicer quality at a similar price.I would not recommend that anyone buy these scratchy sheets . The only reason I did n't return them was because I threw away the box when I washed the sheets , hoping that they would soften up during washing - they did not.Terrible sheets .
 better used as an all-night long exfoliant . i used the pillow case to rub out a scratch on my wooden bookshelves . the color is closer to gold than cafe .
 600 threads of single ply hardness . Hard sheets . Not soft . Bargain grade cheapness . Not luxury . cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap .
 I was expecting some decent quality out of this sheet set
 The sheets are seemingly good quality and feel nice and soft , but the color they say you are purchasing is not accurate.We bought the king size set in the `` cafe '' color , but the sheets we received are literally gold in color.The packaging on them does say `` cafe '' ... So how hard is it to put the color that the consider `` cafe '' on the web page so you can see it properly?Either they post incorrect pictures or the manufacturing process is so poor that they dye them incorrectly.Either way , I 'd probably pass . We 're going to keep them and make them work in a pinch , otherwise we 'd be sending back since they do n't match up with the other bed pieces we purchased ...
 Terrible . Really unsatisfactory . Uncomfortable , even after a washing . Coarse . If I can find a way to return them , I will in a second . I ca n't wait to put the old sheetbs back on the bed .
 I received these sheets several days ago . I wish I had read the reviews before I purchased them . I washed the sheets 3 times in Woolite and they were still very rough . Not the way 600 thread count sheets should feel . They are also very thick . Fortunately , Amazon allowed me to return them . That is why I love Amazon .
 I ordered two sets and returned the unopened one after washing and using the first set several times with no sign of them getting much softer . Roughest cotton sheets I have ever had . Pretty odd since they are 600 . Definitely do n't feel like it .
 I got these sheets hoping to give me an extra set of super soft sheets . Unfortunately I think it is going to take a hundred washes for the stiffness to wear out . I also can not stand the way they wrinkle in the dryer . They are really heavy too . I probably should have done more research on 600-thread-count but I know now if you prefer lighter softer sheets these are n't the ones for you .
 Returning them . The Cafe colour is a horrible Mustard/Gold . Might be ok if I was looking for a yellow but I was looking for a tan/beige/brown / coffee/anything but mustard.Opened them enough to run a finger over them , felt nice but terrible colour .
 This is my first review on an Amazon purchase . Most of my buys on Amazon I 've really liked , not so with these sheets . I was looking forward to getting a great buy on 600 count sheets , and it is true -- you get what you pay for . These are not only the most wrinkled mess of sheets I 've ever had , but after one single wash -- the pillow cases are tearing @ the seems ! OMG ! And they call these ` Sateen ' -- I had to look @ my order to see if I received the correct sheets!I love the color , the cafe is not a blatant bright gold , but a nice muted soft one . That is the best I can say about these sheets . The quality is simply awful ... I lay in bed and cut off/pull out threads that hang out of every seem . Will NOT purchase again , and highly recommend to others not to buy these !
 I really disliked these sheets for a few reasons . I bought the Queen size , Cafe.My experience :1 -RRB- the color was much more yellow / orange than shown . This was the least bothersome point though .2 -RRB- These are cold wash only . Wish I 'd know that before ordering . For hygiene reasons - sweat , grease , dust mites , dead skin etc etc - I want sheets I can wash in warm / hot water .3 -RRB- They wrinkle TERRIBLY in the tumble dryer , worse than anything I own . Who wants to iron sheets ? Not me , but given they are quite stiff then the creases are uncomfortable . Then the stiffness makes them hard to iron . The top sheet feels quite different to the bottom & is the one that gave me most problems .4 -RRB- The top sheet not only ran dye , after one wash it was massively blotchy , huge white sections a foot wide where the dye ran out . You 'd think someone spilled bleach on it , except I do n't have bleach in our house . However I knew it was dye running out of it as it turned some of my white clothes yellow.I can ignore the color and I can ignore the blotches , who sees them ? But the rest has made me give up . Given the dye running , I do n't even want to cut them up as rags .
 I was disappointed when I got them . They were n't as great as the price cost ! Unworthy that I ever had . They just OK , not soft also got shrink after laundry even I did what the instruction said .
 Nice comfortable beautiful looking sheets . However , the colors faded within a few months , and the threads etc started looking freyed in a similiar time-frame . I do n't have much to compare to as far as other products , but I have to say I was disappointed .
 We got a set of these sheets a few weeks ago and immediately noticed that the top sheet was n't wide enough . In fact , after washing , the top sheet barely reached the edge of the bed on both sides . We did try them out for a night , but the small size combined with the stiffness of the sheets was a deal breaker.As a side note , the fitted sheet fit just fine - although it was still made from the same stiff material.Other reviewers have mentioned that different sizes seem to made differently , so be aware that this review only applies to the California King size.I would not recommend getting these sheets in the California King size .
 These are really nice sheets . They look nice and feel nice . HOWEVER - the color i chose was Cafe . It looks like a light brown/beige online . When they arrived , they were GOLD . Now they dont match my bedding . Just watch your color selection .
 Ordered king size , white . They are n't incredibly soft , they 're very heavy , probably too hot for summer . And they do not fit my mattress -LRB- pillow top -RRB- very well . There 's no way the flat sheet will be able to be tucked in at the sides at all . Also , very wrinkly after drying . I guess you get what you pay for . These are no better than cheap Walmart sheets , which do fit better . So if you just want cheap sheets , get them from Walmart . If you want luxury sheets , I guess you do have to spend more .
 Sheets only lasted two washes and then started to fall apart . The sheets start to pill after the first use . Would not recommend this product .
 Quality is terrible ! These things are terrible !! So think you can see your hand right through them . I had to send them back . There was no way I could keep them , and make due !
 I have had different Sateen sheets for the past 10 years and these are not even near the quality . They are unbelievably wrinkly and after I even ironed the pillow cases , the wrinkles from the dryer did not come out . And I did not let them sit for a second in the dryer . Right when it was done I pulled them out . If I could do it again , I would not order these . They are not soft at all like sateen should be . Very disappointed .
 I do not believe this is 600 thread count . I washed it right out of the package before using it and was stunned at how acratchy the sheet set was . Even after a second washing . I do not recommend this sheet set .
 I ordered a set of these in ivory a couple of years ago . They were thick enough and luxurious and have held up wonderfully . I loved them so much , I recently ordered another set . What a difference ! The new sheets are cheap quality , the color is too yellow and they wrinkle like the cheapest sheets you could buy . They are very thin and are not at all like my older sheets . A total rip off !
 These sheets are awful . They are very scratchy and not comfortable at all . Disappointing since I 've bought Renaissance sheets in the past and been happy with them . I will not be buying these again .
 The sheets were very stiff . Even after washing , they came out stiff and very very wrinkly . I would not recommend them to anyone .
 These sheets do not feel like they 're anything close to 600 thread count . I returned them immediately and that process went very smooth .
 I bought two sets , one king and one queen . I washed one set and when they came out of the dryer the top and bottom sheets were a different color of ivory . The color was splotchy and they were horribly wrinkled and stiff . I packed them up and sent them back to Amazon today . I 've bought heavy cotton sheets on Amazon before but they were made in Pakistan and were really wrinkle resistant even though they were 100 % cotton . Wish I could find those again !
 I was really hoping for some soft sheets . These are n't very soft . I washed them 10 times trying to get them soft enough to sleep on . They are a tad better , but not near as soft as I would like . Hopefully they will get softer with time , because I already threw away the packaging or I would have returned them .
 NOTHING soft about these sheets . If you have any sort of pillow top or memory foam topper , order a size larger . These did not fit our bed so I thought since I did n't have a bedskirt that I would at least use these to cover our boxsprings which are smaller as it does n't have the pillow top or memory foam on it . After one washing in cold water and lowest dryer setting , these did n't even cover the boxsprings . I used the pillow case and flat sheet one night and the non-fitting fitted sheet because that was all I had . That was the worst night 's sleep ever ... the sheets are loud when turning over like using newspapers as a sheet ... . In the middle of the night I finally stripped the bed and slept on my mattress cover and used regular blankets . -LRB- My fault I had thrown away the packaging never imagining how uncomfortalbe these are . -RRB- I should have kept all the packaging and returned them . I am still on the hunt for some durable and SOFT , quiet sheets . It may be best to buy sheets in a store . I was going off of the mostly good reviews on these sheets .
 The sheets arrived on time . The price was good , but I washed them before using and they did not feel like quality sheets after the washing . There was quite a change in the texture after washing . They became very rough and not silky and smooth as I expected from a 600-thread-count product . I will not order again or recommend .
 I have been told that the higher the thread count , the softer the sheet . Not in this case . The sheets -LRB- after a couple of washings -RRB- are still stiff and rough . I actually got up and put my old 300-400 sheets from a discount store on the bed in the middle of the night because I could not sleep on these . I thought I was `` treating '' myself with these -- unfortunately it turned out to be torture .
 These sheets get more wrinkly than any other sheets we 've ever owned . The color looks very nice , but the wrinkles ruin it . They 're reasonably comfortable , but not nearly as good as the charter club macy 's sheets that we use on our main bed.Thread count is overrated . Do n't buy into that hype .
 They are not quite what I expected . They wrinkle very easily . Would not order them again .
 I should have listened to what I read in previous veviews . I 've washed these sheets 3 times in 2 days TRYING to get these soft and not noisy & stiff . Practically dumped fabric softener in the washer and added 2-3 fabric softener sheets in the dryer all 3 times . What the heck are they made of ? I really expected softer sheets for 600 TC . Sure , they fit good , but are wrinkly and stiff to say the least . Wish I had better news .
 This sheets are just ok , they match the comforter set I purchased . They do not wash up well , they are very wrinkled even when removing from dryer immediately .
 Was excited for this item and have yet to use it but the color and quality look nice . Only problem is this order was for a 4-piece set
 I read the reviews before ordering and thought surely the bad reviews were just complainiers who would n't be satisfied with anything . But I must say these sheets are TERRIBLE ! They fit perfectly and were soft , but after the 2nd wash they are pilled up and feel like sandpaper . Am now using them to cover plants outside during a freeze .
 I 'm sorry but these are not sateen sheets . I have been buying sateen sheets for 15 years . They are getting harder to find so I was thrilled when I found this set for only $ 45 . When I got them , it was a major disappointment . They are not soft , at all -LRB- even after washing -RRB- . Also , like another reviewer said , the cafe color looks nothing like the picture . Wish I could return but that 's not an option since I washed them . Would not recommend . Stick with what you know and do n't fall for something that says high quality just because the price is good - lesson learned !
 I bought these Sateen Sheets in hopes that it would be the smooth cool feel of sheets that you would get at a nice hotel . After numerous washes and fabric softener additions I realized that these sheets would never soften up and that I had made a poor purchase . If you want the soft feel of nice sheets I would not recommend these sheets . I bought Pure Beech Sateen Sheets from BBB and they were perfect right out of the box with one wash to make sure they were clean .
 These sheets are very wrinkled and stiff after laundering . I would not purchase them again .
 First off , I hope no one who buys these sheets is particular about the color . `` Cafe '' turned out not to be a nice light brown , but a rather ugly mustard color . Fortunately , I do n't have good lighting in my bedroom , so it wo n't matter much , but the first thing I did was check to make sure I had n't been shipped the wrong color . Still , I 'm hoping the color fades - a lot - with washing . We 're talking 1970s mustard-yellow , here.Second , while the sheets seem reasonably soft , they are n't what I 'd expect for something that calls itself `` sateen . '' They 're coarser and of a somewhat lower quality than I anticipated , considering it 's a 600-thread count.All that said , it 's not bad for the price I paid of $ 41 for queen-sized sheets . I 'll use them ; I just wo n't expect them to last very long . I 'd give them two and a half stars if I could , but these sheets certainly do n't deserve three stars.UPDATE
 I was disappointed in 1 -RRB- The color was n't what I wanted , I wanted cafe brown , not gold ... 2 -RRB- The sheets do n't feel like they are 600-Thread countI would not buy these kind of sheets again.But there are okay . .
 If you have a regular maattress , beware of buying this sheeet set ! The corners of the fitted sheet are so deep that every night , they all come up from off the mattress , just from moving around .
 I was so excited to see that I could get a 600 count sheet set for the price I did . I always wash everything I buy before using the product . After washing , I put them on my bed and then I saw a part of the color had washed away . I also , found the sheet set to be very rough , not at all what a 600 count sheet should feel like . My husband even made a remark ; that the sheets felt like a tarp . My husband does n't make a remark on these types of things .
 I returned these sheets because they were not scratchy , not soft at all . The color was beautiful so I was very sad to have to send them back .
 Before I bought these sheets I had 300 thread count sheets . I was super excited about 600 thread count and that it said Sateen . When you think about Sateen you think soft , silky , and smooth . Well , I got none of those . These sheets feel like cardboard . My 300 thread count sheet are softer then these trash bags . IT STATES SATEEN , it 's actually a horrible cotton.Don ' t WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!!!
 I WAS SO EXCITED TO FIND THESE SHEETS AT SUCH AN AFFORDABLE PRICE ... I FINALLY SWITCHED OVER FROM JERSEY SHEETS LAST YEAR AND DISCOVERED 450 TC ... LOVED THEM ... SO NATURALLY I ASSUMED 600TC WOULD BE THAT MUCH BETTER ... BOY WAS I WRONG !! I DID N'T USE AS SOON AS RECEIVED ... AS I WAS SAVING FOR THE MOST OPTIMAL TIME -LRB- HAD BEEN `` RENOVATING '' MY BEDROOM -RRB- ... MY PARENTS WERE IN IMMEDIATE NEED OF EXTRA SHEETS AND I WAS HAPPY TO BE ABLE TO PROVIDE WHAT THEY HAD USED FOR YEARS -LRB- DID N'T USE ANY LESS TC -RRB- ... MY MOM IMMEDIATELY CALLED TO ADVISE THEY WERE LIKE SANDPAPER ... EVEN AFTER THE WASH. ... NEEDLESS TO SAY WHEN I RETURNED TO THEIR HOME THEY WERE REPACKAGED AND WAITING FOR ME TO TAKE THEM BACK ... THEY ARE NOW SITTING ... WAITING ... FOR ... I DO N'T KNOW WHAT ! DROP-CLOTH MAYBE ... I WOULD NOT6 SLEEP ON THEM ... OR MAKE ANYONE ELSE EITHER !!! I HAVE TO SAY MANY THUMBS DOWN FOR THIS PRODUCT ! **** THE COLOR HOWEVER IS BEAUTIFUL ... MORE OF A LIGHT GOLDEN HONEY !! VERY NICE !!! ****
 These sheets are nothing like what is described on this page . Cafe - not . They are a horrible gold . 600 thread count sateen - not . They are as stiff as cheap percale . This stiffness is what angers me the most . They feel like a really over-starched shirt , even after washing . I do n't buy high-thread count sheets for stiffness . I buy them for their softness . Do not buy these !
 This can NOT be 600 Thread Count . It is super thin and is not as soft as the $ 12.00 bed sheets I bought at Wal-Mart . The sheets look nice , but that is where it ends . Not happy paying so much money for poor quality .
 These sheets are awful !!! They are so rough and itchy . I washed them multiple times to see if they would get softer , but that was not the case . I am shocked that Amazon can sell theses claiming that they are 600 tc and sateen . I have a set of 500 tc that are so much softer and nicer than these . I could n't sleep on these for one night . They are so uncomfortable and made me break out in hives and made me itch all over . Worst sheets I have ever owned !!! Very disappointed in these sheets and in Amazon !
 I thought these were the same as some other sheet that I ordered but they 're not . They 're much softer than my other ones of the same brand but after just a few weeks they started getting little fabric balls on them and became rough in certain sections . Wouldnt reccomend them at all .
 I ordered these sheets last April , and received a very nice , soft set of sheets , that were thicker than expected . I ordered a set this month -LRB- different size and color -RRB- and received a not-so-soft , thinner sheet set . I am not really happy with this second set . If I had handled them in a store , I would not have purchased them . Poor quality control ? Or just a different manufacturer for different sizes ? Good luck ! The only positive is that this is the best fitting set I 've found for a thick king-sized bed ... and yeah , they 're stitched together properly .
 I was extremely disappointed in these sheets . They were so stiff and noisy -LRB- yes , I said noisy -RRB- that I removed them from the bed after one night and washed them . There was some improvement after washing but not much . The fabric is thick and heavy and coarse-feeling - not soft and smooth as I expected 600 thread count to be . I purchased sheets with 440 thread count that are far supperior to these !!!
 We recently bought the 600 thread count sheets . I was n't crazy about the color , but figured they would at least feel good . They were great until we washed them . Then they pilled up . I was suprised at how worn they look after just one washing . I 'm glad that we only bought one set of sheets .
 I have a 12 '' mattress and a 4 '' memory foam topper , so I wanted sheets with 16 '' pocket . These are NOT it , about 3-4 '' of my mattress shows below the fitted sheet . Also they looked tan here on Amazon but were more of a gold once I got them .
 First of all I was surprised at the bright gold color which looks nothing like the cafe I ordered . I liked the feel of the sheets at first but I could n't believe how it pilled up after the first washing , and more so with each washing . I do n't even use a dryer - I line dry them . Really disappointed and looking for sheets that stay soft .
 After reading many reviews I ordered these . Boy was that a big mistake and a waste of money . I keep hoping given the high thread count that washing will help . No such luck - they come out of the dryer a scratchy , wrinkly mess - and I 'm talking hard crease wrinkles . In a desperate attempt to salvage these i resorted to ironing hoping the threads would lie down - my heavy duty steam iron could barely get the wrinkles out of the pillowcases . Now i 'm stuck with them ... i 'm going to continue to keep washing with fabric softener hoping for a miracle but my guts telling me these high priced sheets will wind up in the Goodwill bag . Unless u like scratchy burlap , do n't buy these sheets . They do NOT live up to the advertising . Whether it matter or not I ordered the brown king size set . A friend has recommended bamboo sheets - i 'm going to try that next . OBVIOUSLY high thread count does NOT guarantee softness or quality .
 These sheets are great if you like thick , heavy , cotton sheets . However , if you are looking for soft , sateen sheets as they are described , you will be severely disappointed .
 Has to wash them twice before use and they turned into a cheap wrinkly cotton mess . Absolutely worse `` sateen '' sheets ever !
 I ordered the Renaissance 600 thread count queen sheet set for $ 59.99 ; what a RIP-OFF ! The sheets are definitely NOT luxury as described . They are NOT `` heavy , thick '' 600 thread sheets , they are NOT normal queen size -LRB- only double bed size -RRB- , and the pillow cases are TOO SMALL for regular pillows ! I am extremely disappointed as I have bought heavier , more luxurious Egyptian sheets from both Costco and Sam 's for about half the price . DO NOT waste your money on these .
 If your looking for Sateen or Soft then these sheets are n't for you ! . . The sheets felt good in package but once you wash they do not feel like Sateen or a high thread count ! Remember you ca n't return once washed ! I ordered based on high feedback from others-so disappointed !!
 As my title states , these sheets pilled instantly and were irritating to both myself and my husband 's skin -LRB- cold wash , our usual Planet laundry detergent -RRB- . I 'm hesitant to even cycle these into guest sheets ! Definitely expected more from a 600 thread count set .
 Having heard and read about DaLite in various places , I thought I would give them a try for my home theater set-up . Ordered the screen and when I installed it carefully as per specifications -LRB- using professional gear including levels -RRB- , I was sorely disappointed to see that the fabric did not hang properly and had ripples across the viewing surface.Contacting DaLite service is not easy -LRB- despite their warranty -RRB- as they insist on your contacting the retailer and the retailer generally not understanding the problem or being sufficiently responsive . Anyway , finally they sent me a replacement screen.I thought I would forgive and forget their initial defective shipment -LRB- after all , we all make mistakes -RRB- . So , with positive thoughts , I opened and installed the second screen with again a lot of care and time.Guess what - the problem was not only there , it was WORSE this time . This tells me that this company has a poorly controlled manufacturing process and their quality review is minimal to non-existent . It seems that being in a near monopoly situation does lead to complacency and shoddy standards . I would thus sadly recommend to all to look elsewhere for a quality product - and not waste significant amounts of time with installation and customer service over a poorly manufactured product.Regards all ... P.S. . In addition to the above fundamental issue , there is a major problem with retracting the screen - no matter how careful you are . Again , suggests a poor/basic design that has not been improved given their monopoly position . **** The trend you support today becomes the norm tomorrow . Hope you choose wisely . ****
 I have written knowledge that they shipped and sold me a BROKEN humidor . The bottom was clearly busted and when I asked for a replacement I was informed that it was still in workable condition . I did not agree to buy nor do I want a BROKEN but usable humidor . The only other solution they offered was a 10 % credit to their store . DO NOT BUY FROM THIS PATHETIC COMPANY . I will be turning them into the better business bureau .
 The humidor itself is nice . It does hold humidity fairly well . I did have to make a few adjustments , such as tightening screws and hinges . The included hygrometer on MY humidor is strictly for looks , and mine was n't adjustable . I am not sure if my hygrometer was a dud or if all of them are like this . There were instructions with the humidor on how to adjust the hygrometer so i assume it was meant to adjust . I did the salt test and the needle did n't budge , it stayed at a steady 40 % . At my local smoke shops walk in -LRB- Humidor -RRB- did n't budge either.The glass top is great and the main reason i bought this particular humidor . It was affordable and looks great on my shelf . The hygrometer and lock on the front give it an expensive look and most importantly my cigars smoke perfectly.Update - After owning this humidor for a little over a month the wood has swelled around the screws causing the lid to break . I had issues with the screws before i even seasoned the humidor and seasoning it finally did it in . It did keep my cigars in great shape and did look good , it 's unfortunate that this has broken .
 If you want some real hand made crystal glass.don ' t buy these Machine made , try the best crysatl item are from Belgium , CRYSTAL Val Saint Lambert .
 I ca n't figure out for the life of me why they would make this item with such large top part that fits exterior doors . I could n't use this in my bathroom because I have standard doors -LRB- 13/8 '' -RRB- , which means that these were too big in width at the top and kept wobbling and being very noisy , not to mention scraping the door at the bottom since the side rods were n't vertical , but at an angle towards the door . I even tried putting something to stabilize these -LRB- like bubble wrap at the top between the door and the side rails , but that did n't help at all.If they made a version of this with 13/8 '' doors , I would buy it in an instant and probably be very happy with it . But as it stands , this is useless because I do n't need towels hanging on the inside of my front door .
 This product said it would fit `` over any door '' ... well , I have standard interior doors and this rack hung way over the front and the clips over the top would not allow the door to close ... also , the description needs to be specific about what type of shower door it will fit over ; I knew it would not work on my frameless glass door , but the description did not say this . I intended to replace an old one over my interior bathroom door , but now I have returned this product and will have to continue to hunt for something that will work .
 This rack remains wobbly and hangs crooked even with towels on it . The towels are all too close to each other . Each towel has 4 layers of terry because you must fold the towels . They stay wet forever . I threw this away after trying to use it for a while .
 Over whose door ? The top of this rack is so wide we had to put in styrofoam pads to make it fit . Good thing the back part is in the closet . The &#34; over the door &#34; part measures at least two inches . The standard door depth is 11/4 inches .
 I had hoped this would work as it looks nice , but that is not the case . The first one I bought
 I guess our towels are too big and our door is too small . . It bangs against the door every time you lift your towel . It does not hold 3 of our towels wet to dry because they are all on top of each other and folded . Bummer ! Great concept but needs to be wider both ways . -LRB- g 's wifey -RRB-
 Let 's see...-made out of cheap plastic material-arrived broken-designed to fit over a door that would be impossibly wideNeedless to say , I was not satisfied , particularly at this price point .
 I was very suprised when this towel rack arrived . It 's small . If a towel is folded , it will fit over one of the bars . However , if you want to throw a wet towel on one of the bars to dry , the bar is not wide enough to accomodate it . There are three bars and they are very close together . This just is n't designed very well . It 's quite compact . The over-the-door hooks are too wide to fit a standard door as well . There are holes on the back on the hooks , but even if you chose to screw the rack into your door , there would still be a gap . My door wo n't close all the way with this rack on it . Maybe others wo n't have this problem , but it 's certainly an issue for me . I 'm going to continue the search for an over-the-door towel rack that actually accomodates towels . This one is far too small to be of any use .
 We struggled to assemble this rack , but its dimensions seemed faulty -- one of the vertical rods was askew . Before we could even hang the rack , the curved end of one of the bottom rod-holders -LRB- where the porcelain knobs go -RRB- snapped off .
 Other than being surprisingly small , it 's a nice towel bar ... until you try to fit it over a door . The square hooks are gigantic , about two inches deep , which would be great if wanted to hang your towels on the front door . Not a single door in my house is large enough to warrant these gigantic , one-size-fits-all over-the-door hooks .
 Item is cheap and will not hold up , description said it comes with arms but DID NOT , Lesson learned I guess
 I 'm not very pleased with this chair . Assembly was easy , but the chair leans a little to the left . Which is more than slightly obnoxious after a while . It is also relatively impossible to take apart after you have assembled it .
 This chair pitches the user too far forward . When you sit in it you feel like you 're going to slide off the front .
 Okay , so it 's Anchor Hocking ... made in the USA forever . You do n't have to worry about any impurities , etc , as you might if it were made , say , in China.BUT ! the top dimensions may be 9x5 , but the bottom is 7x4 ! I feel this could seriously affect a yeast bread , which is my reason for this purchase.The picture shows a straight sided loaf pan . Oddly enough , the picture that comes attached to these pans shows a straight sided loaf pan.I 'm afraid I 'll have to return these in favor of Pyrex , or perhaps stoneware . Such a shame . Two stars for good construction and Anchor Hocking , but the dimensions make these ineligible for me.Maybe Amazon should correct their picture -LRB- or Kitchen Supply ? -RRB- so people will know about this in advance and have a chance to make an informed decision .
 Model LP-R400 , multi music player/CD recorder
 this unit is great for very small itemsbutfor larger ones it clogs or you must just put less in itwish i had realized the size before i bought it
 If you have large pinot Ridel glasses do n't expect to put four of them into one of these or you will end up breaking your glasses . The case is nice and high quality - but they need to make it a bit wider to accomdate larger Pinot glasses .
 THe towel bar is a great idea . It works great in my camper . However , the covers over the magnets are dented and have excess glue on them . On one of the towel bars , the rubber foot to prevent scratching the surface it hangs on , was broken . Very poorly made .
 made in china or somewhere similar . Magnets fell out right away , fixed with hot glue gun . Magnets scratch fridge , beware . Once it 's where you want it , and assembled/glued back together , it works fine .
 I 'm not very pleased with this chair . Assembly was easy , but the chair leans a little to the left . Which is more than slightly obnoxious after a while . It is also relatively impossible to take apart after you have assembled it .
 This chair pitches the user too far forward . When you sit in it you feel like you 're going to slide off the front .
 Item is cheap and will not hold up , description said it comes with arms but DID NOT , Lesson learned I guess
 I had been wanting an ice crusher for a long time , and my husband surprised me with one of these on my birthday . It is unbelievably hard to crank , he always had to do it because I literally could not turn the crank more than a couple of inches either way . It broke off internal plastic pieces the very first time we used it , and more pieces broke off each time , until after using it about six times , it was completely unusable . This is a very expensive ice crusher that looks like it is quality because it appears to be all metal . Do not be fooled . Many interior pieces are plastic , and break immediately . This was a complete waste of money .
 From this picture I thought it was bigger and taller but when I got this package it made it look smaller and shorter now I haveto buy another one because I collect ALOT of DVD 's and CD 's . So I recently bought a jumbo round and I loved it and much better than this one so I sold it to someone else . I dont miss this item !!!
 I found to be the cappuccino discs to be a huge disappointment . I bought the Tassimo system because I was so excited about easy cappuccino at home , and excited about not spending so much on it on a daily basis in coffee shops in NYC - but the taste just did n't sit well with me . Maybe there was something wrong with the milk discs I got , but the drink ended up tasting a lot like condensed milk - with this strange sweet flavor - that was not good - and not normal for a cappucino . I would reccomend the Mastro Lorenzo Crema instead , by far ...
 Do n't give them any information or your find yourself on a spammer list . They work with spammers .
 This product shipped super fast , even with super saver shipping . I believe in 4 days . There 's alot of spice here , quite a variety . I thought it was pretty good , though I will definitely have to buy more . The problem is that it 's made from very thin metal , and in the process of putting the spice jars in , I realized that the reason I was having so many problems sliding them in was that it was bent all over . Not kinked with a crease , just bent . Big pain in the butt , but not a problem that makes it look ugly . I 'd probably go with something a little higher quality . You really do get what you pay for ...
 As others have mentioned the spices are old , cheap and not as pictured on the box . You 'll need to dump all or most , get new jar labels and new spices to fill with the spices common people use rather than the obscure junk you 'll get included . Also the 5 year free spices deal is not as great as the big print leads you to believe .
 First unit and 2nd unit arrived damaged and bent to the point of having to return them . Decided after 2nd one to go ahead and select a different model . Not an ideal scenario for a Christmas gift .
 The picture makes it look solid , and nice looking . Unfortunately it is neither of those things . It was a little bent when I recieved it , mostly because it is made with flimsy , cheap metal . And in person , it looks like flimsy cheap metal . I agree with some other reviews that the labels are cheap looking as well and the spices are odd - it does n't include garlic , but includes italian seasoning and pizza seasoning , which are almost identical .
 This item was received in the following condition
 I ordered this product for my husband for Father 's Day . He opened his gift on Father 's Day to discover that it had several dents in it and it was lopsided . I returned the product and requested a replacement . My replacement arrived within 2 days , but it was THE SAME PRODUCT . They returned the exact same spice rack to me ... dents and all . I 'm keeping it because I do n't want to go to all that trouble again , but I will NEVER again purchase anything from this company . I would have given this product zero stars , but Amazon would n't let me .
 this spice tower is the epitemy of bad design . The vertical pieces are barely tack welded on , so they broke easily . Even after I fix it , it is still going to be unbalanced and wobbly . The spice selection were strange ; no sage ?? This item is an example of how not to engineer something . Save your money , but something else .
 I was cleaning a shelf , and my 5 day old spice rack tipped over , and fell to the ground . It is warped and damaged beyond repair from a simple fall .
 This rack is a piece of crap ! I comes unassembled , with NO DIRECTIONS ! When put together the obvious way , the pieces do n't match up and it literally falls apart ! For $ 50.00 it 's a total rip off . I sent it back right away !!! It 's flimsy and extremely cheaply made . What a joke . Save your money and the aggrevation .
 Not only does it not come with instructions to put together , when put together the obvious way it falls apart . It is extremely cheaply made . What is worse when you sent it back like I did , Target CHARGES YOU FOR THE SHIPPING . They consider it not their fault , since it is what I ordered . They DO NOT back the products they sell . If you have to shop at a Target , which I suggest you DON & quot ; T , go in person so you too do n't get ripped off with the shipping charges and no product . Go to your nearest Walmart ! You will be better off !
 I purchased this item on the web from target and when I received it I tested to see if it was stainless steel . The way you test is to use a magnet and it should not stick if it is stainless steel . Well it stuck . It looked cheap . I guess what you are really paying for is the spices . I would not recommend it if you really want a stainless steel rack versus a bright chrome .
 I 'm not very pleased with this chair . Assembly was easy , but the chair leans a little to the left . Which is more than slightly obnoxious after a while . It is also relatively impossible to take apart after you have assembled it .
 This chair pitches the user too far forward . When you sit in it you feel like you 're going to slide off the front .
 Item is cheap and will not hold up , description said it comes with arms but DID NOT , Lesson learned I guess
 The whole point of this holder is really for the bling factor . I 've got one mounted on my toolbox , and while it 's cool to look at , it 's actually a bit of a nuisance to use.A full roll of the bigger rolls of paper towels barely fits , and do n't feed very easily . Even regular sized rolls do n't work that well . You have to pull the paper with one hand , and twist the roll with the other . This gets annoying.When inserting rolls , the tolerance is so tight that the tabs mash the towels and cardboard roll , so even after most of the towels are used , it still does n't feed easily . Bending it is tempting , though then it would n't be dead straight , and there goes the bling factor . If it 's bent too far , the short tabs wo n't catch the roll and it 'll fall out.A cheap plastic dispenser is far better for functionality , but if it 's just for looks this is the one . It 's definitely not worth the price .
 I 'm not very pleased with this chair . Assembly was easy , but the chair leans a little to the left . Which is more than slightly obnoxious after a while . It is also relatively impossible to take apart after you have assembled it .
 This chair pitches the user too far forward . When you sit in it you feel like you 're going to slide off the front .
 Item is cheap and will not hold up , description said it comes with arms but DID NOT , Lesson learned I guess
 Do n't give them any information or your find yourself on a spammer list . They work with spammers .
 Do n't give them any information or your find yourself on a spammer list . They work with spammers .
 I like coffee and was looking forward to trying this crema , and I am not sure why , but it seems bitter to me . And I am a regular coffee / espresso drinker , so I do n't think it 's me . Some of the Tassimo drinks have a chemical-ly aftertaste , and this is one of them.I then tried the Mastro Lorenzo crema and it is MUCH better . You can buy Mastro Lorenzo crema at the Tassimo or Gevalia websites , though I hope Amazon will pick them up soon . They 're priced about three bucks less than the Gevalia crema . Nice ! -LRB- FYI to espresso fans , there 's also a Carte Noir espresso at the Tassimo site which goes for three bucks less than the Gevlalia espresso , and is as good , in my opinion . -RRB-
 I tried this and it is very weak , and taste like watery instant coffee . I love their expresso/latae . If you like instant coffee with powdered milk this might suffice . I love the machine just have to try different discs .
 Do n't give them any information or your find yourself on a spammer list . They work with spammers .
 Do n't give them any information or your find yourself on a spammer list . They work with spammers .
 Do n't know why we chose the squares but they seem to hold a lot of water back . Ca n't use regular filters as they just fall apart at the seems no matter how careful . Will need to purchase their special cone shaped ones .
 You can buy the exact same filters in the same amount for $ 8 at Williams-Sonoma . I have no idea why i would spend $ 15 here .
 I love my Chemex coffee maker but do not recommend the unbleached filters -LRB- the brown ones -RRB- . They impart a VERY strong and unpleasant taste and smell of paper . I frankly do n't understand why this product is getting such high ratings ; the favor these impart truly is objectionable . You get no such flavor from bleached filters.If you like your coffee to taste like the paper towels you would find in a gas station bathroom -LRB- I 'm serious , that 's exactly what your coffee will taste like -RRB- then go with these . Otherwise go with the bleached -LRB- white -RRB- filters.I tried triple , quadruple pre-rinsing the filters with hot water . This did n't work . I even tried a technique I know some coffee houses use of soaking batches of Chemex filters in multiple changes of water , then hang drying them . -LRB- This is nice because then you have a batch of filters ready to go , no thorough rinsing needed just before you brew . -RRB- None of this worked to remove the paper flavor.Compared to other brands of unbleached filters , I suspect this is because of the unique nature of Chemex filters -- they are made of heavier paper and are used in a multi-layered fashion . Another possibility is that Chemex has sourced unbleached filters from different manufacturers and this explains why some people do n't experience this paper flavor . Just a guess ...
 I have used about 40 or so of the unbleached filters -LRB- the brown ones -RRB- so far , and have found it to exude a paper-like taste that really seems to take away from the otherwise clean finish of the coffee . I have tried to remedy this unpleasant taste by rinsing it through with water before putting the ground coffee in it . Alas , this did not work . I 've tried to rinse it under water a bit longer hoping this would also eliminate the taste . No success . I 'm going to try the bleached filters , which I hope will allow me to appreciate the goodness of a Chemex cup of coffee .
 I am not sure whether the problem is with the product or with the particular batch I purchased , but coffee made with the unbleached filters is absolutely awful , infected with a foul paper taste . Rinsing the filter in hot water and letting it sit overnight reduces the paper taste but does not eliminate the problem . I can not recommend this product .
 Look , I love Chemex , but my coffee tastes like paper now . I may have just received an old box of filters , but they honestly ruin the taste of my coffee .
 First one had splinters . Second one also had splinters.I sent both back to Amazon , complaining about the splinters and about the fact that the wood WAS NOT MAPLE , but some lightweight asian wood.I did n't open either of the two cellophaned packages because I could see the splintered wood.I hope they do n't ship either of those to you !
 Good shipping but product only worked once . The timer is hard to set and I thought it would turn off at some point . The next day it was completely out of power and when I loaded new batteries in it , the same thing happened . I would not recommend the product . It 's a nice idea but not well constructed for the money .
 Do NOT buy these Pasta Pro pots!Shortly after buying this set at a tag sale last week , I wondered where red splatters on my stove top were coming from . Then today I boiled potatoes in this pot . Some turned red . At first I thought I had better test my water , and then I suspected the lid which is painted all over.First , I scraped excess paint from the slots that latch onto the pot to make sure it was n't paint falling in the water . It came off way too easily and wanted to peel off more . Then , to test my theory , I boiled only water in the pot and dropped steam from the inside of the lid onto the stove top.It dried red . Not good . The pot is contaminating my food!I 'm glad I only paid $ 4 for both , but now I 'm going to report this product to the Consumer Products Safety Commission as unsafe . If you have this pot , I encourage you to do the same .
 This is a clear case of getting what you pay for . Spend the extra dollars for a heavier , higher quality pot . The concept is great but this is a lightweight pot that heats unevenly and allows pasta to stick . Like a previous reviewer noted , the paint flakes and I found the inside surface very susceptible to scratching .
 I bought this online a while ago . It worked well enough , but the plastic on the locking tabs melted onto the lid and the inside coating peels off into food and water . I have gone back to a separate strainer and better quality pot .
 This pot is very thin . It dents very easily . It became dented and slightly warped early in its usage . The lid is sometimes difficult to lock and you can easily find yourself accidentally dumping your spaghetti in the sink.The biggest problem I have with it is that the coating comes off . I do not want that in my food . Once the coating comes off , the bare spots inside began to rust . To the trash !
 This is a good idea but you can only get a few uses out of it before the non-stick coating starts coming off in the cooking/washing . It 's also too light weight , not constructed well and flimsy . The lid locking design is hit or miss at best . Stay far away from this one .
 This is a pretty good product if your interested but very flimsy . That is why , even though I get good use out of it , I could n't recommend it .
 Item is cheap and will not hold up , description said it comes with arms but DID NOT , Lesson learned I guess
 I 'm not very pleased with this chair . Assembly was easy , but the chair leans a little to the left . Which is more than slightly obnoxious after a while . It is also relatively impossible to take apart after you have assembled it .
 This chair pitches the user too far forward . When you sit in it you feel like you 're going to slide off the front .
 Item is cheap and will not hold up , description said it comes with arms but DID NOT , Lesson learned I guess
 I 'm not very pleased with this chair . Assembly was easy , but the chair leans a little to the left . Which is more than slightly obnoxious after a while . It is also relatively impossible to take apart after you have assembled it .
 This chair pitches the user too far forward . When you sit in it you feel like you 're going to slide off the front .
 do n't order from direct4sale ! i ordered a different uglow print , of the daisy in the clear jar , they contacted me a week after i placed the order , informing me that it would take 2 weeks to process -LRB- i just ordered the print , i did n't request framing or anything special -RRB- . 2 weeks later , they sent me an email saying they were out of stock ! yet they 're still supposedly selling this poster ! then i requested for them to refund my money , and they kept sending me rude emails saying my card has n't been charged , though amazon DID charge me 30 min after placing the order , as it always does . i had to continually email them requesting them to cancel the order through amazon so i could be refunded , and a MONTH later , they finally did . now , when i try to open my orders placed in the past 6 months , the order has disappeared from my page so i ca n't leave feedback . they 're horrible ! do n't order from them !
 I bought these Zwilling J.A. Henckels 8 '' kitchen scissors to replace my old pair of J.A. Henckels International Stainless Steel 8 '' scissors . The new TwinL were the more expensive ones available so I guessed they 'd be the best quality.In comparison , these TwinL are not very good . The handle is attached to the blades at the end of the black composite material rather than having the metal run fully through the handle for needed strength.Worse , they do not fit my hand . These scissors grips/handles are so small to fit a man 's hand comfortably.update
 I purchased 2 sets of these for Christmas gifts , unfortunately all but one of the glasses had separated from the stems -LRB- where the metal meets the glass -RRB- I had noticed them rattling rather loudly so thankfully I had checked before I had given them as gifts , thankfully amazon made the returns hassle free.When I had attempted to contact the company to find out about a remedy to the separation of the glass from the alloy , I received little help aside from being turned back to the company that sold it to me . . Again , my thanks to amazon for the easy return .
 Do not buy this flask ! Upon receiving it , I filled the flask with water to make sure it did n't leak , and to my disappointment , about three hours later it began to leak from multiple spots on the bottom . The flask is badly made ; it leaks where the bottom was attached .
 The flask leaks at the seams making it a pretty useless flask . There is n't much else that needs to be said about it .
 worked for a couple months until a small crack appeared in the bottom . That put an end to its days of bootlegging . You get what you pay for , i guess .
 This flask lasted about 20 days and 2 uses before it started leaking and soaking my belongings that were along with it.thanks for nothing
 This flask does not even come close to sealing -- which I guess is good because if you carry around a flask then you are an alcoholic , and a leaky flask would help you drink less .
 They are what they say they are - six stainless steel flasks . I like the design , light weight and simplicity . But what they do n't tell you is what 's written on the boxes , the last line being the worst : Warning
 I bought this and took it out on my 21st birthday . The next day , it was leaking gin all over my dresser when I took it out of my bag . Apparently there is a hole in the bottom or the lining is n't solid enough . I guess you get what you pay for , but this was still a pretty flask . Smooth and nice . But apparently useless so do n't buy it .
 The flasks worked well , but I only received 4 of the promised 6 . Still , not an awful price for 4 . If I had time , I would have returned the flasks for a replacement , but they had to be given out as gifts , I had to make do with what I had .
 I purchased these flasks because they seemed like such a good deal , but in the future I will definitely pay more for a better product . The solder seams were very crudely finished compared to others I 've purchased before , and a couple of the caps were n't threaded to close easily . The price point was incredibly low , however , so if someone needs quantity , I suppose these would meet the need .
 Chinese-made , poor quality control . Bought 10 as gifts , but 7 of them leak.The problem is that the top and bottom panels are welded to the tubular portion of the body . Then , the manufacturer apparently runs the welds over a grinder to smooth them out . Whoever does the grinding has too heavy a hand , and opens up leaks in most of the flasks.In addition , the swivel-away screw top is poorly aligned on about 40 % of the flasks , making it difficult to line up and screw the lid back on.I did n't return them because they were fairly cheap , and I want to improve my MIG welding skills . But if you do n't have access to such a tool , steer clear of these flasks .
 I just received these filters and THEY ARE NOT HONEYWELL HEPA . As a result , I am now returning them and will have to incur a shipping cost . The filters are not as depicted in the picture , instead they are BestAir that fit into the Honeywell air cleaners models 16060 . If you turn the filter , they do n't even look the same as the honeywell filters . Also , nowhere on the box does it mention that they are Hepa . This is very disappointing as I have never had to return anything purchased through Amazon before .
 I was disappointed in the fact that the brand I received was not Honeywell at all . I wish the picture that they used what the actual product that I was going to get . The filters that I did received were Best Air brand . They are o.k. , but not as good as Honeywell Brand .
 Twice this company shipped me the wrong filters . They show a picture of a Honeywell replacement filter then send a non-brand piece of garbage that does n't even fit in the machine properly.Don ' t waste your time .
 This company is a hoax . They advertise & show a picture of a Hepa filter for Honeywell . I was mailed a cheaper filter by BestAir , not a Hepa filter , and the WRONG model number . The advertisement mentions the model number I needed , but they mail a completely different filter that 's the wrong company , not a Hepa filter , and the wrong model number .
 Beware the top-rated review ! It is reviewing a different clock ! It states that the hours and minutes can be set with buttons that move the time up and down . Instead , this clock requires you to go through 23 hours if you accidentally overshoot by one . Worse , if you overshoot the year by one , you have to go through 99 years to get to the correct one.The clock is also essentially unusable by anyone over 40 . Reading glasses will allow you to read the alarm-time digits , but you will not be able to see the alarm-time PM indicator.Timex , a few years ago , did sell a clock that had the interface described in the top-rated review , with up and down keys and 15-minute fast advance . Why they went back to an interface found wanting in the 1960s is beyond me ...
 These clocks do n't work . Its the 2nd one I ordered . first one arrived with a damaged hour button . the second one I just sent back - the replacement - is so bad that when you place the batteries in it the display starts to shake and flicker ... would this be reliable to wake you up for a flight ? or for the kids for school ? I do n't think so ... spend a few bucks more and avoid this mistake
 When my other travel alarm disappeared , I used this one and was very disappointed . It was just plain &#34; cranky &#34; when I wanted to adjust the time and to make the alarm work . Not very useful .
 When we got it , the balance stand immediately fell off . It cant be seen in the dark unless it is right next to you . The alarm sound is so low as not to be heard at all . You get what you pay for !
 Nice looking little clock ; unfortunately , as an alarm clock , it is useless . The alarm is inaudible in a quiet room from a distance of 4 feet . The stand/cover is flimsy .
 The snooze bar does n't work with the nap timer . Otherwise , this is just an average piece of junk alarm clock .
 I purchased this clock as a replacement for an older Timex travel alarm clock that I lost . While this model functions on a basic level , it is disappointing overall.As another reviewer mentioned , this clock gains time quickly . After just a couple of days it will be minutes ahead of the actual time . If you only use the clock for weekend trips this probably wo n't be much of an inconvenience , but for longer trips or regular use at home , this is a bit of a nuisance . I can honestly say that in my entire life I have never had any clock , watch , or other appliance so poor at keeping the correct time.I have also been disappointed with the quality of the Indiglo backlight on this clock . On my last travel alarm , as well as my Indiglo watch , the Indiglo backlight is bright and makes the characters easy to read in the dark . However , on this clock the Indiglo backlight is feeble by comparison . It 's just bright enough to qualify as usable , but if your eyesight is n't great the combination of the weak backlight and the fact that you probably are n't wearing contacts or glasses in the middle of the night may make this clock difficult for you to read.As far as the user interface is concerned , the time display is very large , but other on-screen items , such as the `` alarm on '' indicator , are not necessarily obvious by a quick glance at the display . The Indiglo button , as you can see in the picture , is in the middle of the face of the unit . My last travel alarm placed this button on the top of the unit . If you can imagine trying to illuminate your clock in a pitch dark room , you can probably guess which location is more convenient . Fortunately , all the buttons you need to set the clock are easily located on the lower half of the face of the unit . For setting the time/alarm the clock has a pair of up/down buttons that move the time in one -LRB- if you press and release -RRB- or 15 -LRB- if you hold -RRB- minute increments . This is particularly useful for making small time adjustments backwards.Overall I have been very disappointed with this clock . It lacks some of the ease-of-use features I 'm used to , and it suffers from poor craftsmanship . It was relatively inexpensive and it has n't technically broken , but if I could go back in time I would most certainly purchase a different travel alarm .
 This clock gains about 5 minutes every 4 days or so . I have an old digital plug-in clock that keeps perfect time , but the alarm does n't work . I bought this one for the alarm , but usually have to reset the time to match the old plug-in about twice a week . Also , if it gets dropped or knocked off the table , you have to reset the time . I 've had 2 or 3 other clocks of this type that keep perfect time , maybe gain a minute or two every 6 months . I would not buy another Timex .
 Bought this despite mixed reviews from previous customers . As mentioned by others it gains approximately 3-4 min in a week . Also the Indiglo display isnt that great . It is very hard to see the time display during the day . Bottomline . . Always look through customer reviews and think hard and long if a product you are considering buying has bad reviews.Update
 This Elgin remake of the original Timex 3400T is nothing like the original . -LRB- I like the original so much I was hoping to buy another . -RRB- Sadly , the quality of this clock is very , very poor . This new design of the 3400T is completely different -LRB- worse -RRB- -- they should have changed the part number.I liked the ability to quickly and quietly set a `` nap '' time in the original . No more ! The updated version is much more difficult to set and it beeps loudly every time you press a button.I am very disappointed . I 'd gladly pay three times the price to get a 3400T of the original Timex design .
 I bought this to replace my 10-year old Casio travel alarm . The `` nap timer '' feature looked useful . Unfortunatley the alarm in this thing is very soft , no louder than the alarm on my wristwatch . I ca n't use it , I sleep through it every time . NOT recommended .
 Unlike some of the other reviewers , my clock seems to keep perfect time . I 've had it for several months now and it does not seem to drift.However , if you actually want to be able to see what time it is you really do n't want this clock . In order to see the LCD 's , you need to be looking down on the clock from almost directly above it ; there is a very narrow viewing angle . You would think that angle would be more nearly face-on , but that is not the case . The backlight does not help . If you 're looking for a good travel alarm , I 'd say `` keep looking '' .
 I bought a couple of these because of the nap timer feature . One I intended to use as a travel alarm -LRB- and nap timer -RRB- , the other exclusively as a nap timer . Unfortunately , the nap timer just is n't loud enough . I know I need to get more sleep -LRB- so that I do n't need a really loud nap timer -RRB- , but this does n't work for me , and I ended up tossing both of them . Like others , I also was n't thrilled about being able to set the clock in only one direction .
 I bought this after trying the strech-fit slip cover . Although the strech-fit one had its draw backs with my chair it was a much better fit . I have an old wing chair . This cover was not even close to fitting it . It is made to fit a small wing chair . Mine is not huge but definitely not small enough . It was my fault not to pay close attention to the fitting guide . It is probably because of the poor fit , but I could not get it to tuck in smoothly around the seat cushion for any lenghth of time .
 I bought this item elsewhere but disliked it so much I feel the need to warn others . Unfortunately I had n't realized it had been reviewed here until it was too late.Much of the lcd display is taken up by a monthly calendar that is so small it is illegible.The actual time display is small . Even worse , there is no back or front light which makes this clock unreadable at night without turning on a lamp.Although there is a radio -LRB- which works as well and sounds as good as can be expected for something this cheap and small -RRB- , you can not wake to music -- only to a choice of two alarms . These alarms are very shrill and so loud they 'll wake not only everyone in your hotel room but also everyone in the room next door.I was going to return this item but by the time I paid for the shipping and the 20 % restocking fee , I decided it would be better and cheaper to save it for a gift for someone I do n't like .
 Not a heavy , professional grade juicer . Wobbly fittings . I 'm afraid if I apply too much pressure , something will bend . Amazon sells this type under a variety of names . Mine reads Prime Cookware Citrus Juicer PPD50J . Made in China .
 Granted , the covering is a very nice , high thread count , but there is NO filling at all . If held to the light , one can see a VERY small hand-full of down in each sewn pocket ... . and it all settles into one corner . It just ca n't be shaken smooth.The comforter is going right back !
 When I first recieved these sheets , I loved them . They are quite soft . They 've been washed twice now , and the seams are starting to come apart on the fitted sheet and pillowcases . The edges on the flat sheet are now very frayed and it is coming apart where the sheet if folded over and sewn at the top .
 I bought a set of king burgundy fitted and flat sheets . It looks nice and feels soft and thin . But the very first day I noticed some kind of very fine burgundy color dust coming off the sheets . It gets stuck to sleepwear . White air return vents in my bedroom became almost red in color with this dust . The worst part is that the dust stays on the bed and is very hard to remove it even with a vaccum cleaner . I was careful to wash these sheets separately , I collected about two full cups of red dust from dryer vent .
 I got these sheets and was very pleased with them at first . After a couple of days I observed color sticking to everything around . The worst , it painted my matress in RED color !! I tried my best to remove the color but it wont go away . Now I found the best place for these sheets - in the attic .
 These are more like 200-250 thread count . Soft at first , but after a couple of washings , they feel rough , loose their shape , and wrinkle easily . I purchased several different colors in twin and king sizes and all have been a disappointment .
 These sheets are the worst in the dryer . I have washed my sheets 3 times and still get the colored lint off the sheets . My dryer is a mess and so is the floor . I do not recommend these sheets in this color or you will have the mess every time you wash them . All the other colors are fine , it is just the burgandy . Can anyone tell me why this happens ?? Linda Perry
 The stainless steel tops are stripped and do not connect with the shaker . They are large and we lost a whole box of pepper and one of salt due to this defect .
 I bought this item , along with other things , in anticipation of an upcoming move . As I unpacked the pieces when I moved in -LRB- after the allowable return date -RRB- , I first noticed that both of the metal tops had multiple dents in the tops . The pepper also had a very fine hairline crack , that eventually led to a failure with the entire caninster splitting open . These items were the perfect color and what I was looking for . What they were not was a reliable and functionable product .
 I just received my set on Wednesday , November the 2nd and let me tell you , they are the worse set I 've ever purchased , the top on the salt shaker does not fit properly , it just turns and turns but does not lock so when I put the salt in and tried to shake it , wow everything just fell out of the shaker . I am so sorry I purhcased this set . Unfortunately , when I received the package , I immediately threw away the box so I can not send them back b/c I do not have a small box to send them back to Amazon/sender . It 's my lost , so I will eventually throw them away because I can not use them at all . What a waste of my money ! I would not recommend this set to anyone !
 I was extremely happy with the beautiful red color and the large size ... which is great for cooking . One of the reasons I purchased these was the top ... I 'm so tired of filling shakers from the bottom while salt and pepper pour out the holes . However , the inside of the salt top rusted horribly after just a couple months . I have since scrubbed them and poked thru all the holes , had them rust up again , scrubbed them/poked thru all the holes , had them rust up again ... you get the idea . The pepper shaker has less of a rust problem , but it still rusts inside also . I love the look of them and if the tops did n't rust -LRB- or if I could figure out a way to stop them from rusting -RRB- I 'd give them 5 stars ! I 'm currently shopping Amazon for new S&P shakers that do n't have any metal ... I 'll have to fill from the bottom , but I 've discovered that 's a lesser pain in my butt than the rusted tops .
 These are big and beautiful but unfortunately the lids just spin and spin making them unuseable - if you want them purely for looks , then go for it . Otherwise , you could end up with much more salt and/or pepper on your food than you want ! = -RRB-
 These salt and pepper shakers are very large - about the size of a can of pop . Certainly much larger that I have a use for . And with the size of the holes for the salt and pepper to come through , it is easy to apply to much of either to your food . Other reviewers mentioned a problem with the lids falling off . I did n't have this issue .
 Comically large . I believe these should be used as a set prop for the stage version of The Incredible Shrinking Woman . I do n't know any family , with exception of the Duggars that would use this much salt and pepper in a lifetime .
 Pretty , but lids do n't screw on properly , &#34; leaking &#34; salt/pepper around the rims . Afraid they 're going to fall off dumping all contents into food .
 Cosmetically these are nice . However the pepper lid wo n't tighten which makes these useless to me and not worth the hassle of sending them back !
 One of the very worst products I ever bought through Amazon . The tops did n't fit . Fortunately the things were cheap enough that I could just throw them out and not be bothered with returning them .
 We bought the black ones because previously , we had bought a red set , and one of them was defective in that the top would fall off . Now we use one red one and one black one , So far 3 out of 4 are OK .
 first set i got showed up broken and the stainless steel lids looked dull not shiny . they quickly sent out a new set , not broken but the lids again were a horrible pewter looking color vs. the shiney stainless steel i was looking for . i have these exact shakers in cobalt blue and the lids are extremely shiney . Do not appreciate the change to the lids , they look like old crap , not brand new pieces . I will be shipping them back .
 I 'm not sure what to do with this candle now . I let it burn for maybe five minutes but could n't tolerate the smell . The fragrance is very sweet . It reminds me of pre-teen perfume/body lotion from the drug store
 The trapp candles are not worth the money I will not buy any more.I use alot of candles for our business , to have a nice fragrance through our office.These candles have less fragrance than ones you get at walmart , etc. . They were a big dissapointment.I will keep them because by the time you pay the shipping and handling cost both ways to get here and to send back it would n't be worth it . A very big dissapointment !! These really are a waste of money .
 This is not a `` Framed Movie Poster '' it is instead a framed color copy of a movie poster and is a major disappointment .
 It is worst filter as it is practically impossible to get it open to replace the cartridge .
 I was reading reviews and ordered this . The right picture shows a package that looks like it is a throwaway housing/filter combo . The product just arrived and it is a bare filter , and looks nothing like what is in the picture -LRB- customer supplied by David -RRB- . You need a housing with this product . I just uploaded a photo of what the product looks like . Will update after I order housing .
 I did indeed order filter cartridges to fit my existing filter . I was online today confirming that fact because today the order arrived . It was a whole new filter . Our crappy water supply will go through this filter in a matter of weeks , which is why I wanted two filter cartridges ... so I did n't have to do this goose chase again . Amazon will not be where I find my next filter cartridge .
 When will amazon change this description ? It only has one replacement filter in it and nothing else . One of the big box stores sells a single replacement filter for much less $ .
 I own a chrome filter housing and have been using these filters for a while . So when I saw `` filter 2 pack '' at a good price I ordered it without reading any reviews . I mean i ALREADY know how the filters are and I expected to receive TWO filters , not one and a housing ! HORRIBLE item description . Fortunately Amazon was good about returning it and no shipping costs . So if you want a filter and the housing order up ! But if you 're expecting to get 2 filters then look somewhere else .
 The description for this item is clearly for a filter replacement 2-pack . However , this is NOT what you will receive . What I found upon opening the shipping box was a small single box that said `` Slim Line Shower Filter '' on the top with a barcode label on the side that read `` Sprite Slim Line Filter Cartridge 2-Pack New . '' So basically the box is labeled correctly , but they shipped an actual shower filter unit instead.It looks like others have received two filters excepting the housing ?? So it seems like by ordering this item you are rolling the dice . You 'll either receive a shower filter unit , the filters for a Sprite shower filter , or maybe a combination of the two . I do n't know . Amazon 's great customer service got me a refund with ease .
 Please be sure and understand that the chairs are very small . They almost look like they could be for a child 's room .
 Color is darker than expected ... reddish orange and does n't match photo . Construction is poor quality . Assembly is easy , but I have low expectations . Seller deleted feedback when I ranked their product accuracy as part of their review . In my opinion , this is not a reputable company if they sell a shoddy product and try to delete unfavorable reviews .
 The chair color as displayed is much lighter than the actual product -LRB- the chairs I received are nearly red in color -RRB- . The chairs are extremely poorly made ; many of the spindles spin freely as the holes are too big for them . I wasted several hours trying to return the chairs , to include a needless trip to UPS , and wasted at least ten dollars on packing tape to repack the chairs - all this because these people made it sound like they were going to pay for the return shipping . Then they came out and said I 'm responsible for paying the return shipping . Sp I 'm stuck with these things and had hours of my time wasted as well . These people are a disgrace and I hope they go out of business soon .
 Well ... they look nice but are very uncomfortable and fall apart easily . We were looking for inexpensive chairs to replace old set and these probably were all we would get for the money - do not recommend at all .
 These chairs should be advertised as rocking chairs , after using them 2 months 3 are very unstable and 1 is unusable . A complete waste of money since now I have to look for a new set and this time I will spend more money since I do n't want to be replacing them again in a few months . STAY AWAY FROM THIS BRAND , IT IS GARBAGE .
 This chairs look excellent . It was pretty easy to assemble . Recently I observed that chairs started shaking.Well ! You would get what you pay for !!!! I would not recommend this to anyone if you are planning for long term .
 I 've had these chairs for a little over 6 months . I 'm writing the review because I am now out here looking for new chairs . When I first received the chairs I was pretty pleased with them . They were definitely smaller than the chairs I had before , but the style was what I wanted and the price was good . The main problem that all four chairs are having is with the legs as they attach to the base of the seat . The whole construction of the chair down there is less than ideal and now after 6 months they are really quite unusable . The chairs have not broken , but when you sit down on them they wobble about and it feels like you will shortly be on the floor . I 'm sorry , but I would not recommend these chairs for someone to purchase as I feel the quality is too low .
 You do get what you pay for , and these were wicked cheap . They seemed sturdy at first , then started to wobble within a few months . I added extra glue , which helped for while , but eventually even that gets loose , and now one of the chairs lost its leg and it is not repairable .
 I purchased these chairs to replace the chairs I had for eight years but are now all broken except for one . Since purchasing these chairs , two of them have broken already and we 've only had them a few months . I would not recommend this product unless you do n't plan on sitting on them .
 Does n't come with everything it says it does and is not worth the price . The sponges it did come with came apart when I used them .
 When I first recieved these sheets , I loved them . They are quite soft . They 've been washed twice now , and the seams are starting to come apart on the fitted sheet and pillowcases . The edges on the flat sheet are now very frayed and it is coming apart where the sheet if folded over and sewn at the top .
 I bought a set of king burgundy fitted and flat sheets . It looks nice and feels soft and thin . But the very first day I noticed some kind of very fine burgundy color dust coming off the sheets . It gets stuck to sleepwear . White air return vents in my bedroom became almost red in color with this dust . The worst part is that the dust stays on the bed and is very hard to remove it even with a vaccum cleaner . I was careful to wash these sheets separately , I collected about two full cups of red dust from dryer vent .
 I got these sheets and was very pleased with them at first . After a couple of days I observed color sticking to everything around . The worst , it painted my matress in RED color !! I tried my best to remove the color but it wont go away . Now I found the best place for these sheets - in the attic .
 These are more like 200-250 thread count . Soft at first , but after a couple of washings , they feel rough , loose their shape , and wrinkle easily . I purchased several different colors in twin and king sizes and all have been a disappointment .
 These sheets are the worst in the dryer . I have washed my sheets 3 times and still get the colored lint off the sheets . My dryer is a mess and so is the floor . I do not recommend these sheets in this color or you will have the mess every time you wash them . All the other colors are fine , it is just the burgandy . Can anyone tell me why this happens ?? Linda Perry
 The dish has n't arrived yet , but I know I will always remember how much the company Original Good took advantage of me.Some shipping charges are steep , but Original Goods charges are egregious . Original Good has a shipping charge 3 times the cost of the product!The only reason I had to purchase this product is for a friend who is sick in the hospital . She loves frogs.c
 I ordered this masher specifically because it was the largest one I could find based on the product description . I make large batches of mashed potatoes over the holidays and mash them in a deep pot , so the fact that this masher would be two inches longer than any that I could find in the store was the deciding issue . Imagine my surprise when I opened the package to find that it is actually shorter than the cheap one with the loose handle that it was bought to replace!for anyone interested in actually getting a large masher , please be advised that this masher is not , as stated under Product Details : Product Dimensions
 First off this is my first review of hundreds of orders I made with amazon in my years . This towel does not absorb at all . After first wash it was coming apart ... Now i have to wonder what amazon is doing about quality control . = -LRB-
 I was a little unhappy when the towels arrived . Brick is more maroon . Also they are not as soft as EGYPTIAN cotton from retail stores . Sorry Amazon .
 After only the first washing , the binding/seam on one side of 2 towelsis already coming apart -- thread is coming out and seam is shredded.also , inside decorative hem is shredded in a couple of spots on one of the towels . Purchased Pike St 100 % Egyptian cotton towel setPour Quality !!!
 I would never pay $ 130.00 for these towels . It was a disappointing purchase . They appear plush in the photo but arrived a thin , disappointing rough product . I bought them as a gift - but I would never give them to anyone . You get what you pay for !
 There are blotches of fading ; looks disgusting after washing in normal wash cycle , using Wisk detergent . I think quality of material is inferior .
 Towels do not dry - bought with a gift card and this looked like a good deal . The towels are soft , but do not absorb , even after a few washings . I would not recommend this product .
 I bought these towels on a good sale , mistakenly thinking that they were actually worth the posted normal price . They are average quality at best . I have two sets of much higher quality towels that I purchased at my local Target . These towels are soft , but relatively thin and have already started to discolor .
 As the saying goes if the price looks to good to be true ... it probably is !! I am so disappointed in these white towels . They are so flawed . There are pulled threads in all of the towels , one has a pink stain , one has a grease mark , one has a poorly stitched hem . I had planned to create a gift basket for my grandson 's school auction/fund raiser . I took them out of the package and could hardly believe what I was seeing . Amazon has never disappointed me , ever before . They should be ashamed to offer this item . It was n't like I only purchased one bad package . I have three and all three have problems . Buyer , beware !!
 DO NOT BUY THESE TOWELS . I read some of the negative reviews but still trusted Amazon naive , huh ? -RRB- and ordered them . They are about as thick as a Kleenex , some of them had fabric faults , and even considering the cheap price , they aint worth even sending back -LRB- if I could -RRB- . This obvious peddling of poor quality and `` seconds '' merchandise may color my attitude towards buying anything more from Amazon , especially from its own departments .
 These towels look great , feel nice and soft . Unfortunately , when you use them after a shower it is like drying off with a plastic sheet . They do not absorb anything ; they just smear the water around and eventually you dry off by evaporation . In fact , instead of making me feel dry and comfortable , I feel cold as the water is moved around on my skin . My suggestion
 I should have read the product reviews before I ordered , but they were a Black Friday special and I really needed towels , so ordered them right away . I got them and finally opened and washed them today ... . The edges of the towels frayed and started coming apart with the first wash . These were a complete and total waste of money . Amazon can usually be counted on to have great stuff ; unfortunately , they missed the boat on this one .
 Do n't waste your money/time on these junk towels ... linty , fade when washed , unravel at the edges , smell bad when opened , feel cheap ... Amazon should be embarrassed to peddle these . Getting towels from Goodwill might be better . Actually , these are n't totally useless ... you could `` encourage '' overstaying house guests to leave by putting these junk towels in the bathroom for them to use OR they could be a cheap alternative to dermabrasion !
 These are serious junk.As others have stated , they shred on the first wash , get massive amounts of lint all over everything !!
 the colors are perfect and the towels are soft but ... they are the last thing that will dry you off after a shower . zero absorbancy ! they seem to have improved a bit after 6 washes .
 I should have heeded my fellow reviewers warning . These towels are not absorbent . I received the towels Saturday and placed them in my bathroom Sunday morning . I noticed throughout the day that the towels remained damp . My household only includes two adults . Therefore , I can only imagine how a family of four would react to towels remaining wet/moist throughout the day after each hand washing cycle.Avoid these towels at all cost . I can only imagine the bacteria buildup that comes along with drying and re-drying your hands on these non-absorbent/damp everyday bath towels .
 I bought two sets of these towels to use for guests . Towels were thin , edges frayed in the wash and they do n't absorb like they should . Washed several times and they have continued to shed lint . Would not recommend these towels to anyone . Good price , fast shipping but not a good product .
 From the description , I had anticipated a good product . Unfortunately , the towels do not absorb water and after use , you still feel wet . I would n't recommend anyone purchasing them .
 As with the other reviewers , I 've had the same experience . I was in need of towels & the Black Friday sale was just too good to pass up . Upon first inspection , I thought they 'd be fluffier . Threw them in the laundry to wash before using . Well , they fluffed up nicely , but every bath towel , hand towel & wash rag had one edge that was badly frayed!Really disappointed in the quality ... expected better from Amazon !
 You ca n't beat the price but upon getting these towels in and washing them on the most gentle cycle possible -LRB- handwash -RRB- with woolite and tumble drying them -LRB- w/o fabric softener -RRB- they fell apart ! Not only that ... they did n't absorb at all . It was like drying off with plasic ! Even my little son said ` mommy , these do n't work ' . I usually look at the bad/good reviews and since the good outweighed the bad here I took a chance and ordered three sets . I really tried to like these towels but found myself reaching in the back of my linen closet for the 10 year old Martha Stewart brand kmart towels that these were supposed to replace ! Now after around three washings they are thinner than my 10 yr old MS Kmart specials -LRB- it 's like they just deflated -RRB- and still do not absorb and have continued to fall apart at the seams . On a whim I went back to kmart and bought some egyptian cotton towels on sale thinking I was sadly back to slumming it again . However , the k mart specials were awesome ! Thick and fluffy and got thicker and fluffier as I washed them and -LRB- who would have thought -RRB- they dried me off like a towel should . I really thought I was getting a great product with Pike St. and turned my nose up at my cheapie towel set as I eagerly awaited them . But sometimes stores that get a bad rap for quality -LRB- kmart , walmart -RRB- can sometimes -LRB- sometimes -RRB- have great products at a reasonable price . I 'm glad I got over myself and now I have awesome towels to show for it !
 I bouth these from the gold box special and ordered light blue . After I recieved shipment I ran these towels throught the wash -LRB- cold water + fabric softener -RRB- and they came out PURPLE ! They are kind of soft but they are PURPLE ! Probably the most disappointed I 've ever been with anything from Amazon and I 've been a prime member for at least three years .
 I have n't used these yet , just washed them yesterday . EVERY single item in the set has fraying around the edges , some of it really bad -LRB- the complete edging coming off -RRB- . I 've had better luck with towels from Walmart . NEVER have I had any towels fall apart on the first wash before like these . I can only imagine what subsequent washings will do . In fact , I have n't even seen this from old towel sets I 've had for many years . Very poor quality !!
 These are by far the worst towels I have ever purchased !!! After the first wash , on a gentle cycle I might add , the towels are completely frayed around the edges . It took 10 minutes just to clean up the lose threads from the washing machine , and no I did not overload the machine . These are absolute trash and I would not recommend them even as rags . Completely regret this purchase .
 I am not a picky person but I can not recommend these towels . The color is not as pictured but that did not matter very much to me . They are absorbent , not the greatest but good enough . However , after using and washing them for just couple of months , the edges are coming apart on every single one of the towels.I have towels that are years old that look better then these , these will soon go for the dog . I know they are not expensive , but the quality of workmanship is just not good . I will not buy them again .
 Towels frayed around the edges after their first wash ! Your money would be better spent elsewhere .
 I strongly urge people not to buy these towels ! They are very plush , but almost right after I bought them they started to fray along the edges . I have had to re-stitch the two large bath ones several times . It 's as if they did n't allow enough fabric tucked underneath the topstitching . The ones I bought from Walmart -LRB- Pike Street did n't have the complementary color for my bathroom that I wanted -RRB- , while not nearly as plush , have held up fine , even two years later . And `` Egyptian cotton , '' while it sounds so luxurious , does n't seem to be as absorbent when you get out of the shower .
 Every single towel began to frey at the edges or completely fall apart after the first washing , making this set worthless even for rags .
 I purchased this towel set -LRB- in four different colors -RRB- because it was a great sale/offer and i thought to myself how bad can towels actually be ??! Well lets just say politely they can get REALLY bad !! Prior to this purchase i have had a lemon here and there throughout my life time but nothing can compare to this set !!!!!! These towels do not suck in even a drip of water they just rubbed it around while fuzz gets stuck on your skin ... Needless to say that is one of the worst and most disgusting feelings you can ever get from any towel!This set and a microfiber set i have bought from Jcpenney is really the worst towels i have ever bought and owned . I would not even use them to clean my house !! I would NEVER recommend these or ever buy them again !! PS
 The stitched edging of the four towels came apart in the first washing . The towels are now frayed on the edges and look terrible . I would advise anyone thinking about purchasing these towels to buy from a different manufacturer .
 I had some concerns about these towels after reading some of the reviews about wear . But , I tried them based on some of the good reviews , and the reasonable price . You do n't always get what you pay for , but you do pay for what you get . After 1 month and two washes , the edges are fraying , and I got a lot of lint in the washer lint filter from the fraying towels .
 Out of 400 + items That I 've purchased from Amazon , this is the first that I 'm returning , if that tells you anything.These towels were washed once before use and there was an unreal amount of cotton residue left over in the washer . After drying , the dryer 's lint filter had enough cotton fiber to make another towel . Seriously , there was 10 to 15 loads worth of lint from just this one set . The hand towels were also shredding along the edges and the other towels already had a worn look - worse than my six year old set . I decided to use one , and while quite soft , it was strangely not as absorbent as other towels . Plus , if I had n't shaved yet , my face would be covered with towel lint . I figured these could be put to good use for washing & waxing the car , but after washing the towel a second time with just one other towel , my old towel came out loaded with lint from the new towel . So they 're not even worth keeping for car use , if they have to be washed separately.Notice how many of the negative reviews have been posted in the last three weeks since these were the Gold Box deal of the day - when I purchased mine . Earlier negative reviews complained of fading and wear after several months or a year of use . Now , it 's after one wash .
 It was a mistake to order these towels . They are of very low quality and cheap lookig as well . Do n't buy it !!
 Nothing is a `` deal '' these days . If you follow this motto in life , you will NEVER be disappointed - `` You Get What You Pay For . '' Period . Come on , Egyptian cotton towels , an entire set for $ 19.99 ? You Get What You Pay For ... They look & feel nice -- possibly for a few months , then they turn into $ 19.99 towels -- for the entire set . Get it ? Enough said . Good Luck .
 hi , i love the soft feel , only one held up other 3 fezzled on edges , still use them , wish edges held up . . bummer
 THE TOWELS I ORDERED AND RECEIVED CAME APART AT THE SEAMSON THE SIDES WHEN I WASHED THEM FOR THE FIRST TIME ONPERMANENT PRESS CYCLE , I CAN NOT IMAGINE WHAT COULD HAVEHAPPENED IF I HAD WASHED THEM ON REGULAR CYCLE.I AM VERY DISAPPOIINTED WITH MY PURCHASE BUT I WILL TRYTO FIX THEM ON MY FAITHFUL SEWING MACHINE.UNSATISFIED CUSTOMER
 These towels are pretty and soft but of about 18 pieces I washed about 16 pieces came out of the washer damaged , fraying at the side or end seams , on the 1st wash . If you are staging a house and do n't intend to use them buy them . If you intend to use them they wo n't look new beyond the first wash .
 I brought these towels as a `` Lightning deal '' . They were priced right . Looked like a recent set of towels I bought that I love . And were a decent color . Washed them before we used them -LRB- dye & scent free soap , no dryer sheet -RRB- , and hung them up to use . They were dry . A few hours later , I used the face cloth and hand towel for my normal nighttime ritual , and they felt a bit damp . I just figured that the new dryer , that does actualy work well , left them a bit damp . But a few hours later ? That just seemed weird . But no big deal.The next morning , I took my usual shower . Grabed the bath towel , and tried to dry off . The towel felt cold and wet . What the hell ! They did n't absorb any of the water , but just sort of smeared it around . How can a towel not absorb water . They look practically identical to my other newer set . But they do n't work . A towel is supposed to dry you off , without actually feeling too wet itself . This towel does n't do that . It strangely does n't absorb water , yet it feels wet at the same time . It is suprisingly not dense , and just does n't work . I do n't have a clue how they managed to make a bad towel . Cheap hotel towels are better than this one . Seriously , do not buy these !
 We got the towels , washed them , dried them , and they started to fall apart.The only good thing I can say about this is that Amazon makes it very easy to do returns.Amazon should not be selling stuff like this . It is absolute junk.I will never buy anything that says `` Pike Street `` For stuff like this there needs to be a way to give zero stars !
 I took everyone else 's advice and bought the cream color because I had problems with towels fading and getting blotchy . Well , this set started tearing apart from the first wash . We had n't even used it yet . The sides are coming apart . It 's not the washer/dryer problem , as they are brand new front loaders . They are very soft , but not worth even the $ 20 for the set that I bought them for ! Very frustrating .
 These towels promised to be a fitting and needed replacement for our old towels at home . I got them and put them in the washer and then the dryer . Pulling them out there were threads coming off the hemmed areas and hems falling apart on all the bath towels and hand towels . I was appalled at the poor sewing quality of these towels . Shame on you Amazon for peddling such crap !
 I purchased these towels that looked great when I opened the package . I washed them before I used them and now they look like I have had them for 10 years . The edges came apart , they faded and lost so much bulk they were n't even the same towels anymore . My old ones looked better .
 I read all the negative reviews for these towels , but decided to purchase them anyway , which I certainly should n't have done . They are not at all absorbent , and leave you ad wet as you were before you used them . I have ended up using them as shelf liners to add a color accent , because that 's about all they 're ending up as good for .
 After one wash they were falling apart . Also not very soft as you would expect based on how they were advertised .
 These towels are not egyptian cotton . I threw them into the washing machine and they came out torn with strings loose . I was disappointed in the quality . I will be using them as guest towels .
 You get what you pay for ... no more , maybe less.I was hopeful when I placed my order , they had gotten some good reviews . Then I received them and all hope was lost . These are seconds with loose threads , miss stitching and defects in the weave . I would expect to find this quality at Big Lots -LRB- but for a lower price -RRB- . After washing a noticeable defect in the weave about 5 '' long showed up on one of the bath towels . For $ 20.00 not worth the headache of returning them . I will use then for washing the car and the dog . They can not be on towel racks in the bathroom where guest would see them . The Bluestone color is more a periwinkle blue with purple under tones.Buyer be ware .
 I bought a set in cocoa color . I just washed them second time by hand and they are still discharging their die . They are huge but they shrink when you tumble dry them to a better size . And I have used scissors several times to trim loose threads around the hems-poor workmanship . And one wash towel has a visible tear right in the middle . And that horrible white tags!They are thirsty towels though.I am keeping them for the price I paid which was around 20 dollars .
 It is an outright lie to say that these towels retail for over $ 100 . Only online can you lie so blatantly.The towels are fine and look much better once you have given them a wash , but they are no better than any towel set you can get at target in my opinion . It is not like you are getting ripped off at the $ 30 range , but you are certainly getting no deal .
 The towels look nice and are good and heavy . Unfortunately , they are not absorbent . When toweling off after a shower you still end up wet -LRB- and cold -RRB- . I went back to using my old towels .
 I saw these towels had 4 stars and they were certainly cheap . I just needed towels for a guest bathroom . Opening the package , there was chunks of material all over the towels . I washed them and more chunks in the washer and then the dryer . The dye came off in the dryer . I 'll keep them for now as they look ok in the bathroom and will get a review on how they actually work next time I have a guest . I suspect they will be going to the animal shelter though .
 I was absolutely ecstatic when the towels were received . However , after one wash , and BEFORE we were even able to use them , they started fraying on the sides . Very disappointed and will probably not order from this company again .
 Towels are not very absorbant . They also have alot of lint . I washed them once before using and they left lint on my skin . After 3-4 washings and a filled lint filter each time , they were a little better but now thinner . The Walmart Egyptian towels are more expensive but a much better product .
 I love new towels , and was surprisingly disappointed in your offer of 100 % Egyptian Cotton towel set . One bath towel was ripped on the edge and the colors were different . One set looked faded.Thank you for letting me explain . It looked like such a good deal.Sue Porter
 I am very disappointed with this product . All of the towels shrunk considerably with the initial pre-use wash . I have to keep a pair of scissors handy for unraveling -LRB- and unsightly -RRB- threads ; again , evident with the initial pre-use wash . The best part of this package was Amazon 's generous discount at checkout .
 The color was not the same as in the picture . It was gray instead of lavender . I have returned it .
 I purchased two sets of these towels -LRB- one white , one cream -RRB- . While these towels have a nice texture and are of reasonable size , they are not very well constructed . Upon receiving them I promptly washed both sets I had purchased . The end hems on 3 of the bath sheets and 2 of the hand towels began to ravel immediately . One of the bath sheets also had fraying in the side weft . I was very disappointed as previous purchases of `` Pike Street '' products were fine .
 I first bought 3 sets of these in November of 2008 . They have always been fantastic.The two sets I ordered in Sept 2010 frayed like crazy after the initial wash and dry cycle . In comparing them to the previous sets , it is obvious they have cheapened these towels considerably . If you look at the large image of the taupe towels pictured on the site and zoom in , you see a nice , thick embroidery running the length of the towels . This is how my sets from 2008 look . The embroidery on the new sets is less than half as thick . Also , holding a 2008 wash cloth in one hand and a 2010 wash cloth in the other , the 2010 one feels lighter.I checked back on the Nov 2008 order and it was titled 725 gram 100 % Egyptian cotton - the same as these . They are clearly not the same.The 2008 sets have never frayed and since more than half of the towels had a ridiculous amount of fraying after the first wash , I returned both sets for a refund.It 's a shame . These were great towels until they were cheapened .
 I had previously purchased what I thought were the same towels in the wedgewood color but from a different listingPike Street 100-Percent Egyptian Cotton 725-Gram 6-Piece Towel Set , Wedgewood . You may notice that the wedgewood listing has a bit higher price but everything else looks the same . Well , I liked my wedgewood towels , they were a nice color and held up pretty well . THEN I decided to order a second set in Taupe -LRB- this listing -RRB- when I saw them on black Friday sale . I 'm pretty disappointed with this set . First time through the wash -LRB- I have a front loading top of the line washer/dryer -RRB- a few of the towels came out with the sides totally frayed off . Although they look and feel pretty much the same as the towels from the other listing , they seemed to not be made as well . Very disappointing , spend your money elsewhere .
 As others have said , these towels do not absorb moisture , so you ca n't really use them to dry ... anything . And one of the hand towels completely fell apart in the wash - the night they were delivered . I would not recommend these towels .
 I read a number of the reviews indicating these towels were phenomenal - fluffy , absorbent , great color . Unfortunately the company must have changed something in the manufacturing process because I purchased two sets of these towels and washed them in cold water on the gentle cycle and dried on low to get any lint out and the edges are coming undone . There is thread hanging off all but one of the six piece set . In addition , after two washes they still leave lint all over me after drying and tend to just push the water around . Save your money and buy a nice Ralph Lauren towel on sale at Macy 's - they are only $ 10 , last forever , retain their color , and dry wonderfully . Very disappointed in this purchase but that 's what I get for only spending $ 20 on six towels I guess .
 After one washing some of the towels came apart at the seams with threadshanging from the edges . In one month a few of them went from the towelcabinet to the rag bag .
 After a couple of washings , seams of towels were unraveling . They are also not very absorbsent . I should have listened to the reviews ; will from now on .
 These are the worst towels I have ever purchased . After one wash they are comming apart . Do not buy no matter what unless you need dog towels , or mop rags.They are truly horable . I boutht three sets one green , one blue and one taupe .
 These are rather average towels and certainly not as advertised . They are okay for everyday use but they are neither very absorbent nor all that soft . To me they are your average , run of the mill bath towel s . They also came with on towel slightly faded already and have already lost color after a few washes . The only positive are they are large and do the basic job they are designed for , drying off after a shower or bath .
 they will be great towels for you . I was impressed with the towels when I received them and after using them but after washing them twice they are falling apart . The towels are big , thick and absorbent but they are not well made . Not even worth the $ 19.99 I paid for them . I will pay more attention to reviews next time .
 I read all the reviews about shreds , figured , oh , it 's a cheap price , maybe it 'll work out , right ? Wrong . I washed these immediately upon receipt , and in the first wash , one hand towel is already shredding . A couple of other towels have a thread here and there coming off , but maybe those will be ok ? The shredded one , obviously wo n't . I am still optimistic that the remaining towels of the set will be ok , but the other reviews on here tell me that I should not get my hopes up . Well , meanwhile they are the softest towels that I own . I bought the brick towels , if that matters to anyone.UPDATE 5/23/2012
 For under $ 20 that 's what these are worth . NO bargain here . I always wash linens and clothes before I use them . There was more of the towel left in the lint filter than there was on the towel . I do n't expect these to last long . They should have stayed in China .
 I just received these towels , and washed them in preparation for use . Since they were cheap , I did not expect five star hotel quality , but I did expect them to be serviceable . About half of the set frayed immediately , and who knows how long they would last after use . I will never buy another textile from Amazon , textiles are of such uneven quality , that I will have to see exactly what I 'm getting before purchase .
 Why would anyone make a towel that does not absorb water ?????? These towels feel cold when you dry off and do not absorb water . I have read the reviews and did not do anything incorrect in washing them ! They just do n't hold water . They also shred ! Glad I got the cheaper rate , but I would n't get these again EVEN if they paid me to take them - well maybe , but to use them as rags !
 After the first wash these towels were `` threading '' and a bunch of its fluff stuck to the towels . I thought maybe if I washed it again it will get rid of the fluff , but not so . There are also loose threads hanging on the towels . I bought the sea blue set and its not as great as the picure looks . Granted , I only paid $ 23 for the set , but in the future I 'd spend a little more and get better towels .
 I put these straight in the washer , with no softener . They came out with 6 inch long threads all over them . That alone was n't enough to return them , but the fact they are just an average feeling weight and texture was . I looked at all of the reviews and decided to give them a chance.They 're going back .
 Out of the package they do seem thin , but after I washed them according to the package -LRB- typical towel laundry instructions - not sure why they need special instructions aside from maybe `` no fabric softener '' -RRB- they were quite thick and felt like they 'd do a fine job . Out of the washer -LRB- LG front loader -RRB- there were already threads fraying from the edges and all throughout the towels . After the dryer -LRB- also LG front loader -RRB- , two of the towels ' edges had completely come undone leaving an unraveled mess . I did not try them to test absorbency - that is irrelevant now . I will be returning the washed set and the unopened set . For any price these towels are garbage.As a comparison , I have purchased cheap towels in South America and Asia for one or two-week use that are still in fine shape after two to five years . I have towels that have been in the Middle East more than some soldiers that are still in the same shape -LRB- though quite faded -RRB- as the day I bought them at the PX for around $ 5 . Whoever is responsible for marketing these , and advertising a discount from $ 130 down to $ 20 should be ashamed and fired .
 The towels feel fine , they are soft to the touch . The problem is the edging on one bath towel already started shredding the first time I washed them . Second time they were washed more towels started to shred and of course the first got worse . The edges get very ragged looking after a while.I was very unhappy about what I consider a large defect in a new product after seeing a lot of 4-5 ratings . Funnily enough after re-reading some of those people mentioned this defect.If you do n't care about the shredded side edging and are looking for something cheap , absorbent and soft go ahead and buy these for cheap towels . Personally , I think I could have done better going to Kohl 's on sale , Marshall 's or TJ Maxx for the price .
 Bad quality / low grade towels , thin , full of flimsy material and loose threads / weaves . VERY different from advertised item in picture , even the color -LRB- Taupe -RRB- is so dark and dull . Very low end towels , I have just returned my order back .
 i know these were n't a lot of money but enough that i thought they would n't pill up after one washing ... not a great product .
 Do not waste your money - These towels do not absorb water which leaves you feeling cold and wet . Taupe color is not attractive either as it looks like the color of mud . Yes , they are soft and fluffy . Do n't Buy !
 These towels were awful . The first time I washed these towels they shredded at the edges . The few towels that did n't shred barely absorbed any water when trying to dry off . Do n't buy these towels .
 I needed these fast for guest and I expected thick towels that could last a while . I was greatly mistaken to have SUB-PAR towels which where and are a few steps down from target or walmart brand . If you need towels pay a little more or buy from a local store . Also the towel whilts and you will be wearing the color of the towels as well . TERRIBLE QUALITY !!!
 If you 're looking for a real towel with absorbency , keep looking ... these wo n't absorb duck sweat !
 Shame on Amazon , these towels are not thick , not soft , very linty , coming apart on the first wash . I 'm a guy , I do n't return stuff bit these are crap .
 The towels feel nice , but the washcloth and the hand towels are unraveling after only 4 months .
 I am not sure about previous reviews ... I have been using these towels since July -LRB- it is October -RRB- very lightly . First day I got it there was red stuff falling off throughout my room , and I did n't mind it because it was new so then I had washed it a few times and now its falling apart . Threads are coming off , covered my room in red thread balls , turned my other towels red , when I use this in the shower I come out covered red.Please look for better towels even it is $ 5-10 more expensive . I gave it 2 stars because it 's cheap and you get a lot of junk.Thanks
 I bought these a couple of months ago before moving into a new house . I used them for the first time last week and washed them . They are falling apart and can not be used . Not to mention all the red lint that went onto all the other clothes that needed to be hand pulled off . I do not reccommend these towels at all and am very disappointed .
 The towels certainly are soft , but they are thin and are extremely frayed after ONE wash . Also ... as another mentioned , they do not absorb water very well . That may change with additional washing ... but I 'm afraid the towel might disintegrate given the results after the first wash .
 The first set of towels that Amazon sent completely shredded on the edges during the FIRST washing ! I wrote an email and Amazon replaced the set . Well maybe I got a bad set the first time , I thought , give them another try . The second set did n't start shredding until the SECOND washing . I actually felt guilty about returning the second set and thought maybe I would just use them for the dog , but in addition to shredded edges , they are not absorbant ! So these are going back too . Maybe this brand used to be good , but my experience with two sets -LRB- taupe -RRB- was terrible . And really , even though the price was good , these towels are so bad that they are not worth it . You could get much better towels at Target for the same price .
 My wife and I really like Egyptian cotton towels . We were excited by Amazon 's sale and took a chance . These towels are very soft . A huge plus ! Unfortunately they lack absorbency qualities . The towel feels cold as we dry off and the water does not feel like it is being absorbed . Wet and cold is not a good feeling in the morning ! We do not use dryer sheets or any type of detergent product that would coat the towels . As for pricing , we did NOT get a super saver discount as promised in Amazon 's advertising but were attracted to the initial sale price . All in all , we will not buy this towel again .
 These are beautiful , soft towels at a great price . Unfortunately , they lost color in splotches immediately after being used a few times . I washed the towels in warm water with Cheer detergent , and the pale green color had a tinge of orange in places . I have never had this problem with other towels . I was planning to use these as special towels for the guest bathroom , but now they will `` hide '' in our bathroom , since they are still wonderfully absorbent and nice to touch , but they look awful . I was quite disappointed , but at least they were cheap !
 They faded which did n't really bother me . What DID bother me is that it 's impossible to wash out the smell of the dye . I could smell the dye even when the towels were in a different room than I was in.Also , they are non-absorbent . I finally threw the whole set in the garbage .
 These towels are beautiful and feel extremely soft as described . The problem is that they are n't very absorbant . They just do n't dry my body like other towels do . I thought maybe that would change after a few washings , but no such luck . Theyv ' e been through six washings now and still no improvement.I 'm disappointed . I bought four sets but now I find myself reaching for old towels from the back of the linen closet.Also , be careful washing them . The colors will definitely run in the first two or three washings . Do n't wash with other towels -LRB- as I did -RRB- . The old towels will come out the color of your new ones .
 I bought the blue color of these towels for our guest bathroom . They would not be used regularly and I thought that I had gotten a great deal . After the first washing , as per the washing instructions , the edges were shredded . I also noticed that there are orange and white splotches on the towels and now attempt to creatively hide all the damage . These are not very soft either , so do n't be fooled by the description . I love Amazon but regret this purchase .
 It 's like wiping off with polyester instead of cotton . The water stays on the surface and feels really cold . The Bianca towels are much better .
 They 're ok . I ca n't say I was impressed . The price , of course , was great , but these towels certainly are not worth the quoted regular price of $ 130 . They had a lot of loose threads and are not particularly absorbant . They feel nice , but you can buy better quality towels at any housewares store that do not cost $ 130 for a set . I would say they are probably worth their sale price , clearly it is worth it for a 6 towel set , but they are a fairly low quality towel , so do n't think you are getting a great deal . I would suggest going to a discount housewares store and finding something there if you are looking for a deal .
 or they would have been returned . Not the thick , absorbant towels I was hoping for . An odd color , too . My husband claims they are a moss green , and I say they are a mauve/tan . Oh well . What can I expect for twenty bucks ?!?
 I got these because they were a great price and although some reviews said the towels were n't absorbent , I decided to take a chance . Bad mistake , I might as well not be using them when i get out of the shower . As a girl , I need a good absorbent towel to dry my hair and these continue to fail every time . I 've washed them a couple times hoping to `` break them in '' but to no avail . I am now on the look out for new towels and have learned my lesson ; do n't risk a towel not being able to perform it 's most basic function . Just pass these ones by
 These look and feel great , but DO NOT ABSORB water ! One reviewer said after several washes they become more absorbant and I hope that is true , but I would not order these again .
 Like so many other reviewers here , we got these towels and within three machine washings the sides are in long shreds . I 've had a lot of different towels over the years , but these are among the worst . Even after washing , these towels do n't feel absorbent . Sometimes it takes a dozen or more washes to get Egyptian cotton towels more absorbent . They are nice looking . Too bad the quality sucks .
 My wife & I just bought these towels and received them quickly from Amazon . That 's the end of the good news right there . We immediately washed them . When we went to put them in the dryer we noticed all the edges had frayed and the stitching had come undone ... in ONE wash ! My current towels from Macys have been washed dozens of times with no damage to the towels.These are the biggest joke of towels I 've ever purchased and will be returning IMMEDIATLEY . DO NOT BUY THESE TOWELS .
 These towels when first used are like using wax paper . There is absolutely no absorption and they just move the water around on your body . After 7 or 8 washings trying to get them to perform better they are no more absorpant and they are unraveling around the edges and they are still bleeding in the washing machine .
 no problem with absorbency however i did notice the splotching after several uses . I have never had a towel do this and will probably not purchase another product from this vendor .
 Order arrived as indicated . Washed and dried the towel set to get rid of the plastic wrapping smell . Towel set completely fell apart in the washer/dryer ! Oh well , they 'll make fair car washing rags .
 These are without a doubt the poorest made towels of the lowest quality I 've ever seen ! I purchased 2 sets of these towels since they seemed to be a good price . They looked nice when they arrived - thick and cushy and they come in a variety of popular colors . I washed them 1 time before using and they shed so much that my dryter filter was clogged about 2 inches thick ! Several of the towels now had threadbare spots and the edges of several others were so shredded that they were separating into strings and totally coming away from the body of the towels . I am returning these and will never purchase a Pike Street product again . Walmart towels are so much better than these it 's hard to believe . I am sure that if Amazon was aware of the quality of these towels they would not allow them to be sold on their site , giving Amazon a bad reputation .
 I guess I did not pay enough attention to the detail . I searched for Martex towels and these came up . I thought I was buying Martex , not these cheap Pike Street towels . I guess when you are buying from Amazon you have to really pay attention . I feel like it was a bait and switch trick !
 I just had to comment ... I have n't bought these towels yet . These reviews range from `` best towels I 've ever bought '' and `` large , soft , and luxurious '' to descriptions that almost defy possibility they 're so bad . So thanks for nothing Amazon and you reviewers ! It 's so ridiculous that it almost has me curious enough to buy them just to see what they 're really like . I guess ALMOST is the operative word though .
 After only 2 washings , the towels are unraveling at the edges . The manufacturer obviously cares nothing about quality .
 The towels are really soft and absorbent but they shed like crazy . I 've only washed them once so I 'll just have to see how they hold up after a few more washes .
 When I received these , they were pretty nice , and they are soft , but about half had threads missing and they all had several loose threads around the sides that needed to be cut , so they will begin fall apart after a few washings . Fine for me , but my girlfriend will complain .
 The bad news is
 Just two points . . the fibers come out and not as absorbent . You need to wash these a few times before they do not shed all over you and become somewhat more of a towel . Else it is good for the beach or just sitting on
 These seemed nice until they went through the first washing . Hems on two of the four towels came undone . By second washing all had begun to turn ragged . Not worth having to pay to send them back , but , honestly , even the cheapest towels from WalMart last longer . Unless you want colorful rags for washing your car , do n't bother .
 We have had these towels for almost a year and a half now and they still look great!The color , Heather , was n't the same as it was pictured but we kept them anyway as they felt great.They feel great and as I mentioned they have held up great to daily use but we are still disappointed in them.The towels just do not absorb water like they should.When you start to dry off the towels feels cold to the touch and that is the reason for only 2 stars.I have read where people say that you can not use fabric softners on them or they will not be absorbent.We have never used fabric softeners on them in either the washer or dryer so that is not the problem .
 The product sounded good but they do not absorb at all . I wish I never got them . A waste of money .
 -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000BIZWE0 Pike Street 100 % Egyptian Cotton 725-Gram 6-Piece Towel Set , PaleYes , the price looked good , so I ordered 2 sets . Looked good and felt good on arrival . I tried to use , without washing the towels first , and noticed that the towels just did not absorb water -- I could not even towel off water from my hair!So , I assumed they were chock-full of some softener and needed to be washed . Horror ! Starting to fold the towels after wash and dry , I noticed that both sets had edges all unravelling , so that large shreds of fiber and threads were hanging off them !! I do n't usually buy high-end towels , but I have never in my 50 years of towel purchases seen anything like that , not even after using towels several years!If the towel edges are not sealed or sown so that they hold together , the towels are simply unusable -- therefore , the purchase price is wasted.I would have given this product `` 0 '' but I guess I can use them as cleaning rags , while trimming off shreds after each use ...
 I purchased two sets - one for my use and one for a gift . The towels arrived with a strong solvent odor so I washed immediately . The towels were not absorbant at all and they had pulls after two washes.Luckily , the gift was for my son who told me he was not happy with the towels either . I would not recommend this product .
 These towels are not absorbent . We bought different colors and we were so dispappointed with the quality of the towels .
 Quality was generally as high as one would expect for the price . Material is nice . Sewing finish flawed on a corner of one towel . Manufacturer 's quality control should have caught .
 I was disappointed in these towels . They do feel cold , as other reviewers have said . I had read that , but had never experienced towels that ` felt cold ' . I 'm guessing that they are loaded with some softener and so do n't absorb water well . This seems odd for Egyptian cotton.The price seemed too good to be true . $ 24.99 for six Egyptian cotton towels ? It was .
 Looks good and feels thick and awesome price . You would thinks it will be an great towel for drying . It was a disappointment . At least I did not pay much for this product .
 I bought these towels for the guest bathroom . They were washed only after guests used them , so approximately 10-15 times . They started falling apart after a few washes , and the edges are all frayed . We have towels we use daily that get washed weekly that have lasted for several years and have no fraying whatsoever . I would not recommend this product .
 I THOUGHT THESE WOULD BE REALLY GOOD TOWELS BUT AFTER THE FIRST WASH THE EDGES STARTED TO UNRAVEL AND LOOK HORRIBLE !
 i bought these towels in 2009 but did n't use them until 2010 . these towels were so nonabsorbent even after multiple washings , i finally threw them away . I could n't even in good conscience donate them to Goodwill . when my parents came to visit and used them , my father said they were like trying to dry off with a plastic bag . do not buy .
 I never have used a towel that did n't absorb SOME water , but these defy physics in that they are fabric but are incapable of absorption ! They must be made of teflon or nylon . I ca n't believe they are `` Egyptian Cotton '' since cotton has absorbancy . Needless to say , they have been relinquished to our dog 's bed for padding - luckily she does n't have urinary accidents or else we would n't use them for her either .
 Although these towels look nice , they are not absorbent . After a few uses , we have started using them to clean the kitchen floor .
 The quality in these towels is such a shame , as i had hopes they would be worth their original price , not the sale price i grabbed them for on black friday . Unfortunately i barely see these worth that price . The edges are fraying after washing them twice , gently and they were never really fluffy . I think i 'll demote these to rags in our house . Their absorbency is beyond lacking , the water sticks to the surface .
 Bought them because they seemed to be a great bargain but they do n't do what they are made to do . They do n't absorb any water .
 I received these as a Christmas gift , and I was excited about it since I wanted nice quality towels . But after washing them once the sides unraveled on 3 of the towels . Pretty disappointed in this product . They are a nice weight , but I think they should have lasted for more than one wash .
 Biggest gripe - the dye is not color-fast , so if you use any kind of medicated cleanser in the shower with benzoyl peroxide or the like , the towels will immediately develop discolored patches . Obviously , you ca n't use bleach either , though it 's not clear why you 'd want to . -LRB- If you use them long enough , the discolorations even out , giving a totally different solid color - but sometimes it 's cool too . -RRB- The towels are reasonably soft , not especially absorbent , but they work well enough . Ca n't speak to durability , but given they 're not color-fast , they are not first-line towels for me . Given the competitive price and comforting feel -LRB- if not amazing drying efficacy -RRB- , they are a plausible choice for the guest bath , however .
 I 'm happy I bought these on sale because after one washing the wash cloths started fraying at the seams . After two washings - they were more than frayed - they were unraveling .
 They look like a good towel ... until you start to dry off with them . The water seems to stay on the surface of the towel so as you dry off it feels cold and wet to the touch . I bought the Columbia brand towels at the same time and have been using them all the time as they seem to pull the moisture into the towel better .
 Recent purchase of the Pike St 6 piece towel set was an unhappy one.The towels are not even seconds . They should have been offered as discards . They are full of long , strings as if used for abrasion . They are just an awful product that should have no stars . Run as fat as you can.The poorest Amazon product ever .
 These towels were not worth the money . They are thin -LRB- which would be fine -RRB- if they were n't so rough . I followed instructions on how to wash them and still , horrible.I do not recommend that at all
 Please fix the Amazon Global as to reflect the products ACTUALLY available for international sales . It is a very FRUSTRATING experience to waste time in a website where a person only gets to knwo that the product is not for international sales after proceeding into the checkout step.For and example , if one browses through the international sales into the home products are the will be a product like Pike Street 100 % Egyptian Cotton 725-Gram 6-Piece Towel Set , White . It is listed in the international part but not available for international customers.If it is not possible to sell please do n't post an item , at least in the sections of the website which is not applicable !!
 As long as you are expecting $ 20 towels and not $ 130 towels , maybe you wo n't be disappointed . These towels are not great quality , they look and feel okay , until you add water ! They wash poorly , fiber feels cheap on your skin , color changes and for towels that allegedly `` List price $ 130 '' , not a quality buy .
 Towels do not absorb water , it gets wet as soon as I use it . It feels like I am drying myself with a wet towel . I also wish that they would have put the length in the description of the towel , it is very long .
 The second time I washed these towels , the hem came unstitched and the towels frayed .
 These are simply cheap , both in price and quality . Unfortunately , brand new , these towels are worse than three year old towels that we purchased at TJ Max for $ 6 ea.Pros - They 're absorbent - Four sets only cost $ 60Cons - Lots of loose threads - Very poor quality on corners - VERY thin - Not very soft - Made specifically for Amazon -LRB- see label -RRB- - Bad smell - Lots of lint -LRB- more than usual for a new towel -RRB- In the end , I felt bad about having Amazon pay for return shipping on four sets so I washed and donated them . As far as I 'm concerned , the purchase was not worth $ 60 . In the future , I 'll continue to purchase high quality , low priced towels at TJ Max and/or Ross .
 I purchased the Pike Street towels expecting a very high quality towel . When I received them in the mail , one towel was very poor quality . The edge which is a hemmed style edge was frayed and not sewn in several places . The hand towels several areas that were frayed and in poor condition . I was very disappointed .
 I wish I had read the other reviews before I bought these . These are the least absorbent towels I have ever used . I hope that I 'm not going to have to fight Amazon when I call now to ask that they pay for the full amount of the shipping costs to send them back .
 We are disappointed with the quality and the feeling of touching the towels . The quality is similar to the cheap towels purchased from Wal-Mart . However , thanks to Amazon , it allows us to return them with no cost .
 Very soft but not sure why they do n't absorb water like my other towels.I 've washed twice since buying and do n't use fabric softener .
 I know these towels are inexpensive , but they became frayed after the first wash & dry . I used the cold washer setting and the lowest dryer heat setting . I would never buy this brand again . The only reason I bought them was due to high reviews which had never served me wrong before on Amazon ...
 These towels seemed nice when they arrived , but literally seem to be falling apart when laundered . Really disappointed with the purchase .
 I liked the texture of these towels , however , the seams along the edges are beginning to fray on both the big towels . I can fold them so they do n't look raggy hanging on the rack . I guess you get what you pay for !
 I washed the towels several times as mentioned in previous reviews , but I find that the absorption remains poor . Perhaps so many fibers prevent good penetration ? I would not purchase these towels again .
 I have never had a towel this bad ! After washing and drying there is more of the towel in the washer and dryer then you can imagen When I dry myself after a bath or shower there is towel lint in the tub and on me . I spend valuable time cleaning that up in the AM . Also this towel does not dry you off . It is not obsorbant I need one of my old towels to do the job and do not think this towel will dry your hair it is not happening . I am very disapointed no I am angry I spent a lot of money for 4 sets of these towels . Two of the sets fell apart ravelled in the wash leaving the side stitching hanging.I tell everyone I can Do not buy Pike Street Towels from Amizon all I can say is THEY ARE AWFUL !!!!! Susan Neipertdtmsfmaz@gmail.com
 i was super excited to get these towels when i placed the order . when i opened the package they felt soft and i was impressed until i went to use them and they are not all they 're cracked up to be . they do n't dry out my hair at all , the absorbancy of the towels is garbage . i was very disapppointed in the quality of the towels . Very soft but not absorbant at all .
 do n't touch these with a ten foot pole . they began to fall apart after the first wash .
 I purchased these towels on a whim , and when they arrived they looked and felt like they were very nice quality . When I washed them , the sides of the towels came apart and frayed to the point that I would not want to use them for anything but wiping up a spill . This purchase was very disappointing .
 After the first wash , several towels had the thread at the seams come loose or break ; very disappointing as the towels are very soft and would have purchased more in the future if better quality in the sewing department . The taupe color is not the usual color , however , the brick is very vibrant .
 On the screen looks great , but the actual towel lack a good finish and touch.The label really says 100 % egyptian cotton , they can say whatever they wnat in it ... Go to any bath and beyond or linens . . and you will find better stuff for a better price . I 'm returning the ones I got from my wedding ...
 The price looked too good to be true , and it was . These towels were thin thin thin -- had I known my metrics maybe I would have realized that from the weight . I called Amazon , which provided a label for free return shipping , which I greatly appreciated . I am rarely disappointed in the quality of goods I buy through Amazon . I hope they wo n't offer these in the future .
 I am updating my previous review and I am giving the pike street towels 1 star from 3 . I have had these towels now about 8 months , they are already ripping.The towels does not completely do a good job of absorbing water from the body , I have to rub my body more than I normally do.However , the towels size were perfect.I will not recommend these towels .
 I had purchased the same towels two years ago and we absolutely loved them . The set two years ago was 5 stars . When they were on special we purchased more . They are some of the softest towels we have ever owned but they are useless when it comes to drying your body or hands . After 20 washes in hot water they are marginally better , but beware , something is being used on the fibers to make the towels soft and it is preventing the cotton from holding the moisture.I would suggest that these make great show pieces in a guest bathroom that never get used , but I would n't want my guests to feel like they could n't get dry after bathing .
 I bought these towels in brick -LRB- red -RRB- for my guest bathroom . Out of the package they were soft and beautiful . I did a first washing before my guests arrived and found that although the towels did n't bleed , there was a lot of red lint in my washer and dryer filters . This did n't bother me because a lot of times towels need a first washing to get them ready for use . When my guests used them , they got red lint all over the shower , their bodies and the bathroom rugs . I washed these towels several times while my guests were here and the towels still shed . My guests are gone and I 'm still picking up red lint all over the house because people tracked it in from the bathroom . One of the hand towels is already raveling at the side . I bought these towels because of the price and , as my husband says , you get what you pay for .
 Received a set of the towels - liked how they looked . Put them directly in the washer as I always do with new towels and they came out with frayed edges . although I had seen that had happened to someone else they were such a good deal ... as usual ... you get what you pay for . I am retuning them .
 Soft towels , bright colors . But , after the first wash more than one of them started unraveling at the edges , and I have towel-lint coming off , even after 5 washes or so . Low price , but not worth it really ... Color stayed good , but I ca n't use these as guest towels , as intended . So price being low does n't really help - I have to go buy another set that does n't shred at the edges or shed lint .
 Towels were washed before using , 4 of each of the 3 sizes . On 3 towels of each size , there was a serious fraying on one side of each towel , most about 1 inch long , but one a full 6 inches ! Instead of cloth , there are only strings ! I could not believe it . They look worse than my inexpensive towels which have been washed scores of times over 5 or more years . I hope to be able to return them . They are nearly worthless . I am not known for having high quality towels , but I would not let guests even see them . Rating should be zero .
 The first set of towels had to be returned as the sewing around the circumference of the towels was poorly done . Long strands thread were exposed , the type that would lead to the towel unraveling . However , the color across all towels was the same.Called Amazon service and in less than a week a new set was received . The exchange was quick , painless , and free.The second set were sewn significantly better , color was true , but as in with the first set , slightly lighter than what was pictured . However , it 's close enough to my existing stuff to be acceptable.The towels are n't as plush as my mid-grade towels from BB&B ; , but then again , I paid the same price for two entire towel sets from Amazon as I did for one bath towel from BB . You get what you pay for , but they 're good enough.Edited 9/6/210 after the first wash in a front loader , the hand towels started to come apart . Apparently , these towels dissolve in water .
 The picture of these towels makes them look really plush . The color was great , but I found them to be thin , and scratchy . I returned them .
 We got these for Christmas and washed/dried them as the tag said to . Little did I know , they would n't even make it out of the dryer in one piece . The hand towels were completely frayed on one side and the rest of the towels were starting to fray . It 's so sad that we did n't even get to use any of these and they are already trash .
 The towels arrived packaged nicely but when I washed them , all but one of the towels came out of the washing machine frayed ! The texture is nice and fluffy but the edges are now frayed .
 Probably one of the nicest towel sets I 've ever purchased in terms of texture , color and absorbancy . But what a disaster when it comes to shedding ! I washed the towel set alone the first time and went to use it and it was covered with pills . Not hard nubs but lightweight , clingy and annoying . They were everywhere . So , if you 've the patience to deal with the lint coverage , get these towels . If not , I recommend you find something else .
 This was a Christmas gift for my daughter . After she opened the gift , I offered to wash the towel sets for her before she returned home , and when they came out of the dryer , the edges were all fraying . I know the rule about getting what you pay for , and if it seems to good to be true it probably is -LRB- 6 piece $ 50 . towel set for only $ 17 . -RRB- , but I have never recieved a bad product from Amazon , no matter what the price . This is extremely disappointing
 Bought 2 sets for my wife for Christmas and as with any clothing or cloth product , washed them before use ! Every piece had frayed edges , seams broken and the lose cloth nearly plug my washer ! DO NOT BUY !
 Bought these towels during the Black Friday sales thinking they were a good purchase . After receiving the towels I washed them on gentle cycle warm which is less then they say you can wash them at , and dryed them on gentle low heat which again is lower then recommended . First wash never used and the towels fell apart , the whole sides became unraveled . Definately returning these towels would not recommend to no one .
 I washed the set before I used them for the first time . After washing the items , they were falling apart ! Strings were hanging off and there were tears in all of the towels and rags . This is a very poorly put together product and you should not purchase it .
 These towels were bought in October and are used by one person.The wash cloths and some of the towels are frayed and coming apart at the edges by early December!Indeed they are soft but the falling apart is a big negative for me .
 THESE TOWELS ARE NOT THE QUALITY THAT I EXPECTED . THE THREADS AT THE END OF TOWELS ARE ALL COMING OFF AND THEY WERE NEVER EVEN USES . THESE ARE DOLLAR STORE QUALITY TOWELS ...
 Do not buy these towels . They are pretty much terrible . After the first wash , three of them have the corners fraying and the other 3 unraveled quite a bit . Spend a bit more money and get a better product .
 I 've ordered 8 of these sets over a year or so -LRB- different colors for all -RRB- , and all was just fine until I got this pale green one . After removing from package and washing/drying to get out the creases etc. , the towel , face cloth and washcloth were all frayed and open seamed ... I was very disapointed , the other orders I made were just fine and the towelas etc. were great . Since I had to pay to return it was n't worth it to return . Looks like quality and quality control is n't working for them anymore
 I have vacation rentals and I ordered 10 sets of these towels ... I washed them in cold water with a warm dryer and was shocked how they came out . They were frayed with the seams coming apart and looked like they are several years old !!! I could not have my guests use these and have returned them all . A huge disappointment and would say to you DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!
 I actually like the texture of the towels , but they are so poorly made , that after the first wash the side seams were falling apart and I had to cut them in random spots to get all of the hangy bits off . I would n't buy them again . Spend a little extra and get quality .
 I have never even used these towels , they are just for decoration , and I have only washed them 2 times and the entire side of one of the bath towels and one of the hand towels have completely separated and it looks all ratty and tattered like I 've had and used it for quite some time . I have only owned them 1 month . Complete junk . Nice material , but really poor quality workmanship . It 's like putting a diamond in a plastic ring setting .
 I purchased these towels because of the low price . I now know why they are on sale . After the first wash the towels , hand towels and wash cloths all frayed at the edges . The stitching on the edges is not a very good quality . I would not recommend buying these towels . I am sending the ones I purchased back . Thank goodness Amazon is taking them back for a refund .
 On the first use the towels barely adsorbed any water . After washing and drying for one cycle on low the hem of the towels unraveled .
 Does n't Amazon audit products before they offer them for sale . And when there are so many negative reviews of a product , why does Amazon continue to sale the product . Like many other customers , I found the towels were indeed not absorbent and after the first wash they started shredding at the edges . A disgrace . I find myself with two sets of towels that do not even qualify as rags .
 I purchased these , expecting fluffy towels at an affordable price . What I got , were towels that became frayed around the edges after 1 wash , and constant shedding . Every time I used them , washed them , etc. , little bits of fabric came off . My floor was covered with white ` fuzzballs ' . What a disappointment these were . A waste of time and money .
 I bought 3 packs , but That was a mistake , because the towels are not absorbant .
 Not crazy about these towels , I liked the price , but was expecting thicker towels than this . I wouldnt buy them again , but perhaps if you do n't care about thickness of the material , they might be fine for you .
 The bath towels are absorbent , large , and soft . The first time that I washed the set one of the hand towels unraveled where the stripe is so I 'm not too sure about the quality ... though I 'm still glad that I purchased the towel set as it matches my bathroom tile .
 These towels are very soft , however they fail to be `` thirsty '' and continue to loose fibers even after repeated washings , leaving me damp and flecked with towel fibers .
 This is the third set of towels of this brand I have purchased from Amazon.com . I was quite pleased with the first two towel sets -LRB- which I purchased over the last couple of years -RRB- , but this set is not of the same quality . Possibly , I just received a `` bad set '' , but many of the edge seams came undone after just a couple of washes ! The older towels are still holding up very well , but not this set . I ca n't explain the difference . I only hope this is not a trend for this brand . Personally , I can no longer recommend these towels .
 These towels did not hold up to use . When I got them , they had frayed ends . After 2 washes , the towel frayed apart . I could put my head and body through the frayed sides . I was very disappointed .
 The towels are very soft to the touch however we had to return one of the shipments after the first wash as the stiching was coming off . Great price , soft towels but do not hold up well after washing .
 I was very disappointed with this purchase . I bought two sets , one of which I used and disliked very much but decided to keep as a guest bathroom set . I am returning the other set . When I opened the package they were already falling apart , ie the threads were coming undone but it felt soft so I thought I 'd give it a try and see what they 'd look like after I washed them . The thread situation was even worse , non the less I tried to use them and all I can say is that if you like still being wet after a shower then these are the towels for you . The dont soak up any water . Yes they are very soft , but are not functional as towels . I am very let down that amazon.com would sell these as their own product .
 I purchased 3 sets of these towels approximately 3 months ago , and every single piece has bled a significant amount of its color . I enjoyed the low price when I bought them , but I absolutely would not recommend them to anybody else . The old adage ` you get what you pay for ' definitely applies to this product . Stay away .
 These did not work out well ! After only a couple of washings , the sides of the towels started to lose their hem , and threads were just hanging . They were wonderfully soft , but I would not order these again !
 I purchased these towels after much searching and decided to take a gamble since there were mixed reviews . Big mistake . I received them today and washed them as per the directions prior to first use and now they are in tatters . The stitching along them hem was very poorly done and came apart requiring me to trim loose threads . Also the color completely faded even with being washed in cold water with color guard detergent . They look like I have had them for years and I have n't even used them yet . Waste of money and now my husband can tell me I told you so . = -LRB-
 I guess you get what you pay for . Great price , but several of the towels became `` unwoven '' on the edges the first time washed .
 It was a good deal at first then I washed the towel set and they shed more than any towels I ever bought . Even better , the bath towels were falling apart at the seams . I used a towel . And yes it was soft and comfy but still left me covered with towel bits . Overall poor quality and dissatisfied .
 I was very disappointed with the feel and look of the towels out of the packaging . They appeared dingy and old . I thought , from reading the reviews , that all they needed was a wash . I was wrong . The towels started to come apart at the seams and it filled the lint trap of the dryer with the most lint I have ever seen ! Since then I have used the towels and have had to be wary of lint and fuzzy on my person after showering or on fabrics that I lay the towels on . Very bad quality . Do Not Buy ! I have bought egyptian cotton , soft , luxury towels at a national -LRB- blue colored emblem -RRB- department store for a great price , and these towels have surpassed even luxury hotel towels I have used !
 It 's like they do n't dry your skin after the shower . Im hoping that I can wash them a few times and they get better
 I bought these towels because they got decent reviews overall and I figured the negative reviews were from people who expected too much from $ 20 towels . However , now I see that the negative reviews were the most accurate.After one normal fabric-softener-free washing , these towels were already unraveling . Not only that , but they are the least absorbent towels I 've ever used . They are super soft , which is nice , but they literally do not absorb . I usually leave my long hair wrapped in the towel for a few minutes while I moisturize , etc. . With my usual towel , it 's damp when I remove the towel . With this towel , when I removed the towel after 5-10 minutes , my hair was still soaking/dripping wet.I honestly would not even feel good using these as guest towels . Now I 'm thinking about giving them to Goodwill , because it seems like a shame to throw them out after 1 -LRB- or 0 -RRB- uses .
 This set of towels was not the quality that I expect from Amazon . I purchased a blue set and a brown set . For whatever reason , the brown set may have been slightly better , but that 's not saying much . I washed and dried them before monogramming and already , there were spots along the towel edges that were starting to become unraveled . Since these were a gift , I reinforced the stitching with a blanket stitch along all of the towel and hand towel edges to prolong the life of the product . But this is something a buyer should not have to do with a new product.I will not purchase any other Pike Street products .
 bad quality . I find bits and pieces everywhere . lost their color in the first time in the washing maching . Its horrible.Dont waste your money on this .
 I have washed these a half a dozen times now and they still are lousy . They do n't absorb the water off my body . I never heard of anything like this . How is it possible to have a towel that does n't dry?Towels are useless .
 Like other reviewers wrote , these towels do NOT absorb water . They ARE big , fluffy , heavy , soft towels that seem like they will be very comfortable . But the water stays on the surface of the towel and feels very cold when you are trying to dry yourself off . We washed them about four times , but this did not help.Are these really 100 % Egyptian cotton , because they seem like they 're polyester .
 I have used these towels a couple of times and I 'm ready to throw them out . they do not absorb water at all . You start to feel the towel getting wet and cold .
 Worst towels I 've ever used . Sure they 're soft and cozy when they 're dry but they do n't suck up water off of your skin , nor do they suck water out of your hair . They leave a short haired miniature pinscher almost wet even after 5 minutes of non stop rubbing . As for your skin , you 'd be better off drying off using a bucket and a sponge or a water hose.Buy them to wrap up in on a cold night but only after you run them thru the dryer a dozen times to get the god awful amount of fuzz out of them.TERRIBLE TOWELS and I did n't even pay full price for them , I won them on the internet .
 I was so surprised to find out that these towels were not very absorbent at all , especially after all the reviews . I bought hese for my son , for his apt . when I went to visit , I was quite surprised they turned out to be so nonabsorbent .
 The towels were given as a Christmas gift . I really liked them until I washed them . There was a bunch of lint in the washer and when I took them out of the dryer toe towels had strings hanging from the edges . I was really disappointed . It was that way on two of the four sets . I sent them back
 This is a first at Amazon . These towels are not even seconds , after the first wash they fell apart . These towels are not up to amazon 's standards .
 We have been using these towels and wash cloths for about three weeks now and even extra washings have not made the towels absorbent . Just now , while trying to dry my hair , water actually rolled down my face . They are soft , but do not take up water as I think a towel should do . The wash cloth is much the same way . And , when placed on the towel rack to dry , they take forever . In fact , when I took them out of the box , I immediately washed them , and it took forever to get them dry enough to take out of the dryer . I 've never seen material like these towels . I bought three sets and ca n't really use them unless by some miracle they begin to absorb better .
 The fabric is of moderate quality , but the fabrication is horrible ! After the first washing the hems on sides are unravelling.They arrived with multiple snags . I should have returned them , but seemed like to much work !
 i ordered 4 sets ... when we got them in we washed them and they unravelled around the edges - so i sent them back and the second set did the same thing . . so i am returning them for a credit to my card ... sorry for the bad news ...
 I bought two sets for my new place and did not open them until last week . I washed them in cold water as directed.The towels came out torn up and the threads shredded . I throw them in the dryer and 20-minutes later , the dryer warning buzzer went off . I opened the lint trap and it was about 1/2 inch of lint . That evening , I used the towel to dry my face and there bits of towel fuzz on my face . I washed and dried them AGAIN . This morning , I got the same result . Towel bits & fuzz all over my face.I hate the towels . I want to return them but I already missed the return deadline . So disappointed .
 I have never seen a towel disintegrate as quickly as this set did . I put the towels in the washing machine -LRB- front loader -RRB- on normal cycle and dried them on gentle before using them . After using the wash cloth and bath towel one time each began unraveling on one side . The towels appeared very thin upon arrival until I laundered them which `` plumped '' them up and that was a pleasant surprise but when drying myself off they were n't absorbent , it felt like the water was being pushed off me . Reviews said they were good , which is why I purchased them , but I ca n't recommend them . That 's only my opinion .
 After one wash , I sent these back . They came out of the washer ripped and torn after just ONE wash ! Surely NOT worth your money !
 Bought three sets of towels because of the great deal ... you get what you pay for . Cloth came apart at the seams after one washing . Nice and soft but no absorbency . Felt like I was just pushing water from one place to another . Returned two of the unused sets for a refund .
 These towels are truly amazing ! In addition to being soft and coming in a large array of fashion colors , they seem to have been treated with a very effective water retardant . Marvel in wonder as they leave puddles completely undisturbed ! Watch in awe as water actually beads up on the fibers ! Pass them over your wet body and you would almost believe you just stepped fresh from the tub if not for the fine coat of lint covering your still-wet skin , your still-wet hair and your formerly clean bathroom floor . I highly recommend these towels as show pieces in your for-display-only bathroom or as extra padding for your garbage . Enjoy !
 The first time we washed these towels , they shredded on all sides . Threads were coming off more on the sides of the towel than the ends . We also had to wash them 3 times to try to get the pilling cotton off . Even after that , the towels left lint on us after drying off for weeks . I do n't recommend getting these towels .
 As many others stated
 I received these towels and loved how soft they were . I washed per the label -LRB- warm and tumble dry low heat -RRB- like I do with all my towels and after the first washing they are already all tattered and falling apart . VERY cheaply made towels . Save your money and buy another towel set . I 'll be returning these at my first convenience .
 Bought set -LRB- Bluestone color -RRB- at 19.99 figured , ca n't be all that bad -LRB- after reading reviews . -RRB- Well , wrong again . I did n't expect a luxurious set , half-way decent would be good . Just rec 'd it , washed the set by itself because experience has been that new towels usually shed & throw a lot of lint around especially the first wash . Dried it on medium so it would n't be shrink dried :--RRB- , pulled it out of the dryer . Lot of loose cotton on towels . Both bath towels are unraveling on one side -- selvage edge not sewn well or poor quality threads or ? Poor quality period . Too much trouble to return them , but I will not buy another product mfg by Pike Street again . I 'll use the hand & wash towels . And by the way , this is my first fully negative review of any product . Buyer beware , and I will go back to my policy of not buying a product with ` bad ' , ` poor ' or mediocre reviews .
 After reading a ton of 5-star as well as 1-star reviews for these towels , I bought 2 sets -LRB- taupe & blue -RRB- when they were a Gold Box Deal for $ 19.99 / set . I 've never regretted an Amazon purchase more ! I washed them the day they came in the mail -LRB- following the directions on the packaging -RRB- , and they looked and felt great when they came out of the dryer . However , the taupe towels were covered in orange splotches and the blue ones in white splotches before they even went in the washer for the second time ! What the heck ?! As a woman I use a wide array of cleansers and lotions , but nothing was ever applied directly to the towel , and I 've never had this `` staining '' problem with any of my other towels before ! I am so disappointed ! I 'll think twice from now on before purchasing a product manufactured by Amazon .
 These towels are not as thick as I had anticipated , and additionally , the first time I washed them , before using them , they started to shed threads at the edges ! Poor quality ! Do not recommend .
 We washed the towels when we first received them . Have never seen an item `` shed '' so much . They have been used and washed for the third time and they are still `` shedding '' though it appears to be less and less with each washing . We like the size and the feel of the towels but we are disappointed in the towels and would not buy this brand again .
 These towels while really inexpensive are not the towels my family and I are used to . Upon opening the box , the towels were packaged nicely , but after opening one package , and opening the towels , strings were hanging from one towel and still attached to the towel . That is just poor quality , either the towel is already unraveleing or the manufacturer did not cut off any stray strings . The towel is extremely thin . My husband and I decided not to use the towels ourselves and I wanted to return them but it would have cost me $ 15 to return them . I did not want to pay $ 15 for something I do not have . We decided to give them to his brother , who is single and does not care how fluffy or thick the towels are . I would not recommend this to anyone who is used to very fluffy and well made towels .
 All of the towells that came on the package started unravelling on the edges . The company should try to check for quality standards before shipping them out to customers ! Buy at your own risk !
 These towels were very cheap . Thin and not soft . I should not have bought them considering the inexpensive price . I could n't find anything else I wanted.Thanks . M. White
 Have to agree with some of the other reviewers about the poor absorbancy of the towels . We have washed them three times and did NOT use fabric softner . We have used worse but these still feel like you 're drying off with a wet rabbit.Also they are somewhat thin.They definetly are not high quality towels but they 're still a pretty good deal if your expectations are n't too high .
 These towels are terrible . They are not absorbant and two of them began unravelling after the first wash . I absolutely do not recommend them
 I 've been an Amazon customer and more importantly an Amazon -LRB- BELIEVER -RRB- for many , many years ! I will continue to look to Amazon for comparisons and such ! However , this purchase just baffles me ! After I received my purchase , it was necessary to wash them -LRB- as you normally do -RRB- ! Much to my surprise and horror was the fact that after the wash cycle , the towels were left covered with cotton fibers from the other towels that were washed along with the cocoa colored ones.I decided to wash them again and not only were they still covered with cotton fibers , they began to shred and come apart , obviously defective!The taupe colored set -LRB- after the 1st wash -RRB- nearly disintergrated!It was n't nor is n't worth sending back , I 'll use them as rags , it 's too bad I had to pay $ 20 + for something I did n't know I 'd be using on the floor of my home.Word of Advice
 I ordered a set of these in the sage green and a set for my mom in the blue . They look nice , colors are great . Big fluffy soft towels . The bath size is very generous . They wash up nicely , do n't lose much and look luxurious.The thing I do n't like is these towels are not absorbent . I 've washed them about six times , do n't use fabric softener and they just do n't wick the water off one 's body the way I 'd like . I even checked the tag to make sure they said `` cotton . '' I can wrap one of these around wet hair after shampooing and 5 mins later , my hair is nearly as wet as when I first got out of the shower.It 's gotten to the point where I am going to give these to the dogs . It 's that irritating .
 Decent but qc is not good . Various minor problems with stitching . Stitch openedup had to return . Would n't by pike again .
 I wish I read the other reviews before I purchased these towels . They had a funny smell and I figured I needed to wash them anyway . When I used them for the first time . I had to get one of my older towels to dry off . It 's like fluffy polyester .
 I noticed immediately that these towels are neither absorbent nor color-fast . I have had them for a year and the sides are shredding . I really could not have believed such a poor quality towel would be manufactured and sold by a reputable label . I have Cannon towels that I 've owned for 10 years that are in better shape than these after one year of very light use . Stop looking at these and keep browsing !
 I should have taken heed to the other reviewers . The towels were beautiful before I laundered them as instructed ` before first use ' . I washed them a second time w / other towels and the sides unraveled on one of the hand towels like someone made tassels on it . What a waste of money.buyer beware .
 I ordered two sets of these and when they arrived I followed the directions exactly as to pre-laundering them etc , etc. . They are certainly good looking , thick towels . BUT , and it 's a big BUT , for some reason or other the towels and washcloths have a tough time absorbing the water when towelling off ... much less than a regular run-of-the-mill towel . For such thick towels I 'd expect them to be far more absorbent than they are . So , bottom line , they look good , feel good , but are n't anywhere near as effective as other towels that I 've used . Would I buy them again ? Nope .
 These towels are large and very soft ... good , but they have already started to deteriorate after only a few weeks . They have begun fray and they produce so much lint that I have had to discard them ... so much for bargain towels .
 Disappointed in the towels as they are fraying already . However , I do like the thickness and the absorability of the towels .
 HiAfter the first washing the edges were shredded and the towels changed their color , I bouth the bluestone and the taupe , and both of them seem to have more than two years only with the first wash !!!! These are by far the worst towels I ever bought.I give them 1 star because I ca n't select 0 .
 I bought these towels about the same time I bought some Pike Street Egyptian cotton sheets . The sheets were fabulous , but the towels are very disappointing . The first wash created loads of `` hanging chads '' on the towels . These towels are also probably the most least absorbent towels I have ever owned . They just spread the moisture around instead of wiping it off . I will buy Pike Street sheets in the future , but I will never buy any more of their towels . Because of the pulled threads on the towels , I ca n't even put them in the guest bathroom to just look nice -- because they do n't . I 'm not sure how Pike Street can make such good sheets and such bad towels , but that is my experience with them .
 This is the worst set of towels ever . No absorbancy . The towel not only does not dry me when I use it , it stays very wet for days . I have tried washing them four of five times each and there is no improvement . If I could , I would return these towels .
 We were confused by so many negative and positive reviews for the towels , and decided to take a gamble and ordered the cream towels . Well , the towels washed up nicely the first time and were fluffy and soft , so we thought , `` Wow great deal on nice towels ! '' After a couple more washes , the towels are still fluffy and soft but the trim is apparently POORLY SEWN and coming apart on two of the large towels . So , I would recommend you LOOK ELSEWHERE for towels if you want ones that will hold up to regular use , and not just be fluffy and soft and nice to look at on a line closet shelf .
 First wash and the towels lost the color . They look old & faded .
 These towels are soft and fluffy , but the towels are not absorbent . Just as other reviewers have stated , the towels do n't absorb water , rather the water rests on the surface of the towels .
 I was looking for a `` premium '' bath towel at a good price when I came across these on Amazon . Heavy towel weight - check . Egyptian cotton - check . Good customer reviews - check . And two sets of towels for $ 30 ??!! That 's less than the price of just one bath towel of these other brands I have been looking at ! Sounds too good to be true ? Well , in my case it was . The towels arrived today , and as I excitedly opened the package , I found these lovely , fluffy white towels . Just a few loose threads on them , I 'll just pick those off ... oops ! Those loose threads were still attached to the towel , and there were clumps of them , some several inches long ! These towels are clearly seconds , rejects , or else they have lousy quality control in the factory . Both bath towels had areas of loose threads . Anyways , I 'm sure they will be soft and fluffy , but I 'm sure the threads will also pull as they are washed . I think they should be advertised as seconds , not first quality . I 'm sure they will perform fine and feel soft ; they just wo n't look great . I , for one , will return them as I was not planning to buy factory seconds .
 Ca n't believe how awful these were . I unfortunately bought several , washed them , then found out they were extremely non-bsorbent and they puckered . They looked so nice when I took them out of the box , too ! I even recommended them to a friend . Fortunately I told her my experience before she unpacked hers . I sent back the ones I had not yet unpacked and she 's sent hers back too . You can read similar experiences for this same product with other colors .
 I purchased this set in the blue color . Yes , it does come with 6 pieces-making it a full set . However , as other reviewers noted , it came with `` white '' spots all over several of the towels . Not sure what it could be ! Also , one of the bath & hand towels appeared to be a different `` nap '' from the others . All in all , I regretted this purchase - especially since Amazon usually sells a good product for a good price . In this case , you could do better at a department store sale . Save your money .
 It 's like wiping off with polyester . They are indeed thick , but the water stays on the surface and feels really cold . I got some Bianca towels at the same time and they are much nicer .
 I wish I had read the previous review before I purchased the towel . I 'm not sure this can be classified as a towel because it does not absorb water . The towel itself looks nice and feels really soft but do n't count on it to dry anything .
 Products starts to come apart in normal Heat in Dryer . I can get a towel from Target that will last many high heat cycles and costs the same . Terrible Craftmanship ! It does feel very plush though .
 They feel great , but the first washing produced more than an inch of lint in the dryer vent , piles of lint I had to pick up by hand before I could even vacuum it up . No absorbency .
 Purchased this towel set and ran them through the wash like any ordinary person before use , and the threads ALL CAME APART ! As a result , the towels are simply unusable - what as waste of money!Do yourself a favor and give this offer a major swerve and head down to your local Target or Wallmart store !
 The towels look and feel thick , rich and fluffy . But , do n't let their appearance fool you ... or the positive ratings . They do not absorb the water . Instead , you dry yourself with a `` wet '' towel . The water droplets stay on the fabric , as though there is something in the dye or cotton that repels water . They are a great buy if you only intend to hang them in a spare bathroom for appearance . But , their practicality is questionable , as is their dollar value . Sorry.DMS
 When I rec 'd these towels I washed them before using them , and the seaming stringed up and started coming loose . So I called amazon and they sent me a new set . They also stringed up on the first wash . These towels are fluffy but the seaming/edging makes them extremely cheap quality . A towel that rips and strings up on the edges is no good . My walmart towels are WAY better . I sent these towels back . This was a bad buy and now I have to pay to ship this poor quality crap back .
 Why Amazon continues to sell these towels , I 'll never know.I was attracted by the average 3.5 star rating , combined with a very attractive price & Free Super Saver shipping . Unfortunately , when I received these towels , the quality does not match the average rating -LRB- in my not so humble opinion -RRB- . Right out of the package -LRB- and after the first washing -RRB- , there are lots of loose threads - the towel looks `` sloppy . `` As many other reviewers have written , these towels do not do what a towel is supposed to do . The DO NOT absorb water as you 're trying to dry off after a bath or shower . As you wipe yourself dry , the towels feel cold & wet , rather than leaving you warm & dry . I 'm sorry , but in terms of performance , these towels are very poor when compared with years-old , ratty cotton towels with holes in them . At east the ratty towels leave you warm & dry after a shower.Very disappointing - not at all recommended .
 As is my custom , I did a short wash of these towels as soon as they arrived . Much to my surprise they did not hold up to this first short wash . They are very poorly made . I doubt they will survive more than three washes before they become cleaning rags . In fact , I have shop rags which are of a much better quality than these towels . My advice , avoid these towels . Spend a little more money for a better quality product .
 These towels have absolutely no absorbancy . I have never had this problem before with any towel . They are beautiful looking , but are not towels ! I do n't know what to do with them other than throw them away as they can not be used as ` rags ' because they can not absorb ! If I could give a minus star I would have done so .
 These towels felt great when they arrived ... Unfortunately that did n't last . After I washed them for the first time they completely fell apart at the seams and began to tear . I would not recommend this towel set
 These towels were listed as a `` Deal of the Day '' so I ordered a set of red ones . They came packaged well , and we washed them -LRB- without softener -RRB- before using them . Upon their first use they just moved the water around , they did n't absorb anything . So we washed them and tried them again , and got the same results . They do n't seem to dry us at all , and even after the first wash they left little red fibers all over us.Check out my other reviews , I do n't tend to give bad reviews , but this was a terrible purchase , no wonder they were listed on the Deal of the Day .
 Not even worth the sale price of $ 30 ! Strings are coming out of all the hems . I did n't even use them , returned for full refund . Target and JCPenney 's have better towels . Do n't waist your money on this one .
 I was disappointed in these towels . They are very light in weight and flimsy . I returned them after opening one package . Did n't bother to wash them . These are perhaps twice the thickness of the shop towels I buy at lowes ! Very disappointing . Would n't have them in the house -- much less in the guest bath which is where they were going ! Amazon is kindly accepting the return and paying for return shipping . I 'd do better at Bed Bath & Beyond for the same price .
 I am shocked of the quality of this towel.The towels do not absorb water at all they get wet and stay wet right away , they are soft that 's true but a plastic bag is also soft on your skin after a shower . I dont recomend them at all it is a scam its a waste of money !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I 'm not sure what to do with this candle now . I let it burn for maybe five minutes but could n't tolerate the smell . The fragrance is very sweet . It reminds me of pre-teen perfume/body lotion from the drug store
 The trapp candles are not worth the money I will not buy any more.I use alot of candles for our business , to have a nice fragrance through our office.These candles have less fragrance than ones you get at walmart , etc. . They were a big dissapointment.I will keep them because by the time you pay the shipping and handling cost both ways to get here and to send back it would n't be worth it . A very big dissapointment !! These really are a waste of money .
 Please fix the Amazon Global as to reflect the products ACTUALLY available for international sales . It is a very FRUSTRATING experience to waste time in a website where a person only gets to knwo that the product is not for international sales after proceeding into the checkout step.For and example , if one browses through the international sales into the home products are the will be a product like Pike Street 100 % Egyptian Cotton 725-Gram 6-Piece Towel Set , White . It is listed in the international part but not available for international customers.If it is not possible to sell please do n't post an item , at least in the sections of the website which is not applicable !!
 I purchased the Pike Street towels expecting a very high quality towel . When I received them in the mail , one towel was very poor quality . The edge which is a hemmed style edge was frayed and not sewn in several places . The hand towels several areas that were frayed and in poor condition . I was very disappointed .
 I wish I had read the other reviews before I bought these . These are the least absorbent towels I have ever used . I hope that I 'm not going to have to fight Amazon when I call now to ask that they pay for the full amount of the shipping costs to send them back .
 We are disappointed with the quality and the feeling of touching the towels . The quality is similar to the cheap towels purchased from Wal-Mart . However , thanks to Amazon , it allows us to return them with no cost .
 These towels were not worth the money . They are thin -LRB- which would be fine -RRB- if they were n't so rough . I followed instructions on how to wash them and still , horrible.I do not recommend that at all
 Bought them because they seemed to be a great bargain but they do n't do what they are made to do . They do n't absorb any water .
 I received these as a Christmas gift , and I was excited about it since I wanted nice quality towels . But after washing them once the sides unraveled on 3 of the towels . Pretty disappointed in this product . They are a nice weight , but I think they should have lasted for more than one wash .
 Biggest gripe - the dye is not color-fast , so if you use any kind of medicated cleanser in the shower with benzoyl peroxide or the like , the towels will immediately develop discolored patches . Obviously , you ca n't use bleach either , though it 's not clear why you 'd want to . -LRB- If you use them long enough , the discolorations even out , giving a totally different solid color - but sometimes it 's cool too . -RRB- The towels are reasonably soft , not especially absorbent , but they work well enough . Ca n't speak to durability , but given they 're not color-fast , they are not first-line towels for me . Given the competitive price and comforting feel -LRB- if not amazing drying efficacy -RRB- , they are a plausible choice for the guest bath , however .
 I 'm happy I bought these on sale because after one washing the wash cloths started fraying at the seams . After two washings - they were more than frayed - they were unraveling .
 They look like a good towel ... until you start to dry off with them . The water seems to stay on the surface of the towel so as you dry off it feels cold and wet to the touch . I bought the Columbia brand towels at the same time and have been using them all the time as they seem to pull the moisture into the towel better .
 Recent purchase of the Pike St 6 piece towel set was an unhappy one.The towels are not even seconds . They should have been offered as discards . They are full of long , strings as if used for abrasion . They are just an awful product that should have no stars . Run as fat as you can.The poorest Amazon product ever .
 We got these for Christmas and washed/dried them as the tag said to . Little did I know , they would n't even make it out of the dryer in one piece . The hand towels were completely frayed on one side and the rest of the towels were starting to fray . It 's so sad that we did n't even get to use any of these and they are already trash .
 The towels arrived packaged nicely but when I washed them , all but one of the towels came out of the washing machine frayed ! The texture is nice and fluffy but the edges are now frayed .
 Probably one of the nicest towel sets I 've ever purchased in terms of texture , color and absorbancy . But what a disaster when it comes to shedding ! I washed the towel set alone the first time and went to use it and it was covered with pills . Not hard nubs but lightweight , clingy and annoying . They were everywhere . So , if you 've the patience to deal with the lint coverage , get these towels . If not , I recommend you find something else .
 This was a Christmas gift for my daughter . After she opened the gift , I offered to wash the towel sets for her before she returned home , and when they came out of the dryer , the edges were all fraying . I know the rule about getting what you pay for , and if it seems to good to be true it probably is -LRB- 6 piece $ 50 . towel set for only $ 17 . -RRB- , but I have never recieved a bad product from Amazon , no matter what the price . This is extremely disappointing
 Bought 2 sets for my wife for Christmas and as with any clothing or cloth product , washed them before use ! Every piece had frayed edges , seams broken and the lose cloth nearly plug my washer ! DO NOT BUY !
 Bought these towels during the Black Friday sales thinking they were a good purchase . After receiving the towels I washed them on gentle cycle warm which is less then they say you can wash them at , and dryed them on gentle low heat which again is lower then recommended . First wash never used and the towels fell apart , the whole sides became unraveled . Definately returning these towels would not recommend to no one .
 I washed the set before I used them for the first time . After washing the items , they were falling apart ! Strings were hanging off and there were tears in all of the towels and rags . This is a very poorly put together product and you should not purchase it .
 These towels were bought in October and are used by one person.The wash cloths and some of the towels are frayed and coming apart at the edges by early December!Indeed they are soft but the falling apart is a big negative for me .
 I had purchased the same towels two years ago and we absolutely loved them . The set two years ago was 5 stars . When they were on special we purchased more . They are some of the softest towels we have ever owned but they are useless when it comes to drying your body or hands . After 20 washes in hot water they are marginally better , but beware , something is being used on the fibers to make the towels soft and it is preventing the cotton from holding the moisture.I would suggest that these make great show pieces in a guest bathroom that never get used , but I would n't want my guests to feel like they could n't get dry after bathing .
 I bought these towels in brick -LRB- red -RRB- for my guest bathroom . Out of the package they were soft and beautiful . I did a first washing before my guests arrived and found that although the towels did n't bleed , there was a lot of red lint in my washer and dryer filters . This did n't bother me because a lot of times towels need a first washing to get them ready for use . When my guests used them , they got red lint all over the shower , their bodies and the bathroom rugs . I washed these towels several times while my guests were here and the towels still shed . My guests are gone and I 'm still picking up red lint all over the house because people tracked it in from the bathroom . One of the hand towels is already raveling at the side . I bought these towels because of the price and , as my husband says , you get what you pay for .
 Received a set of the towels - liked how they looked . Put them directly in the washer as I always do with new towels and they came out with frayed edges . although I had seen that had happened to someone else they were such a good deal ... as usual ... you get what you pay for . I am retuning them .
 Soft towels , bright colors . But , after the first wash more than one of them started unraveling at the edges , and I have towel-lint coming off , even after 5 washes or so . Low price , but not worth it really ... Color stayed good , but I ca n't use these as guest towels , as intended . So price being low does n't really help - I have to go buy another set that does n't shred at the edges or shed lint .
 Towels were washed before using , 4 of each of the 3 sizes . On 3 towels of each size , there was a serious fraying on one side of each towel , most about 1 inch long , but one a full 6 inches ! Instead of cloth , there are only strings ! I could not believe it . They look worse than my inexpensive towels which have been washed scores of times over 5 or more years . I hope to be able to return them . They are nearly worthless . I am not known for having high quality towels , but I would not let guests even see them . Rating should be zero .
 The first set of towels had to be returned as the sewing around the circumference of the towels was poorly done . Long strands thread were exposed , the type that would lead to the towel unraveling . However , the color across all towels was the same.Called Amazon service and in less than a week a new set was received . The exchange was quick , painless , and free.The second set were sewn significantly better , color was true , but as in with the first set , slightly lighter than what was pictured . However , it 's close enough to my existing stuff to be acceptable.The towels are n't as plush as my mid-grade towels from BB&B ; , but then again , I paid the same price for two entire towel sets from Amazon as I did for one bath towel from BB . You get what you pay for , but they 're good enough.Edited 9/6/210 after the first wash in a front loader , the hand towels started to come apart . Apparently , these towels dissolve in water .
 The picture of these towels makes them look really plush . The color was great , but I found them to be thin , and scratchy . I returned them .
 My wife and I really like Egyptian cotton towels . We were excited by Amazon 's sale and took a chance . These towels are very soft . A huge plus ! Unfortunately they lack absorbency qualities . The towel feels cold as we dry off and the water does not feel like it is being absorbed . Wet and cold is not a good feeling in the morning ! We do not use dryer sheets or any type of detergent product that would coat the towels . As for pricing , we did NOT get a super saver discount as promised in Amazon 's advertising but were attracted to the initial sale price . All in all , we will not buy this towel again .
 These are beautiful , soft towels at a great price . Unfortunately , they lost color in splotches immediately after being used a few times . I washed the towels in warm water with Cheer detergent , and the pale green color had a tinge of orange in places . I have never had this problem with other towels . I was planning to use these as special towels for the guest bathroom , but now they will `` hide '' in our bathroom , since they are still wonderfully absorbent and nice to touch , but they look awful . I was quite disappointed , but at least they were cheap !
 They faded which did n't really bother me . What DID bother me is that it 's impossible to wash out the smell of the dye . I could smell the dye even when the towels were in a different room than I was in.Also , they are non-absorbent . I finally threw the whole set in the garbage .
 These towels are beautiful and feel extremely soft as described . The problem is that they are n't very absorbant . They just do n't dry my body like other towels do . I thought maybe that would change after a few washings , but no such luck . Theyv ' e been through six washings now and still no improvement.I 'm disappointed . I bought four sets but now I find myself reaching for old towels from the back of the linen closet.Also , be careful washing them . The colors will definitely run in the first two or three washings . Do n't wash with other towels -LRB- as I did -RRB- . The old towels will come out the color of your new ones .
 I bought the blue color of these towels for our guest bathroom . They would not be used regularly and I thought that I had gotten a great deal . After the first washing , as per the washing instructions , the edges were shredded . I also noticed that there are orange and white splotches on the towels and now attempt to creatively hide all the damage . These are not very soft either , so do n't be fooled by the description . I love Amazon but regret this purchase .
 It 's like wiping off with polyester instead of cotton . The water stays on the surface and feels really cold . The Bianca towels are much better .
 They 're ok . I ca n't say I was impressed . The price , of course , was great , but these towels certainly are not worth the quoted regular price of $ 130 . They had a lot of loose threads and are not particularly absorbant . They feel nice , but you can buy better quality towels at any housewares store that do not cost $ 130 for a set . I would say they are probably worth their sale price , clearly it is worth it for a 6 towel set , but they are a fairly low quality towel , so do n't think you are getting a great deal . I would suggest going to a discount housewares store and finding something there if you are looking for a deal .
 THESE TOWELS ARE NOT THE QUALITY THAT I EXPECTED . THE THREADS AT THE END OF TOWELS ARE ALL COMING OFF AND THEY WERE NEVER EVEN USES . THESE ARE DOLLAR STORE QUALITY TOWELS ...
 Do not buy these towels . They are pretty much terrible . After the first wash , three of them have the corners fraying and the other 3 unraveled quite a bit . Spend a bit more money and get a better product .
 I 've ordered 8 of these sets over a year or so -LRB- different colors for all -RRB- , and all was just fine until I got this pale green one . After removing from package and washing/drying to get out the creases etc. , the towel , face cloth and washcloth were all frayed and open seamed ... I was very disapointed , the other orders I made were just fine and the towelas etc. were great . Since I had to pay to return it was n't worth it to return . Looks like quality and quality control is n't working for them anymore
 I have vacation rentals and I ordered 10 sets of these towels ... I washed them in cold water with a warm dryer and was shocked how they came out . They were frayed with the seams coming apart and looked like they are several years old !!! I could not have my guests use these and have returned them all . A huge disappointment and would say to you DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!
 I actually like the texture of the towels , but they are so poorly made , that after the first wash the side seams were falling apart and I had to cut them in random spots to get all of the hangy bits off . I would n't buy them again . Spend a little extra and get quality .
 I have never even used these towels , they are just for decoration , and I have only washed them 2 times and the entire side of one of the bath towels and one of the hand towels have completely separated and it looks all ratty and tattered like I 've had and used it for quite some time . I have only owned them 1 month . Complete junk . Nice material , but really poor quality workmanship . It 's like putting a diamond in a plastic ring setting .
 I purchased these towels because of the low price . I now know why they are on sale . After the first wash the towels , hand towels and wash cloths all frayed at the edges . The stitching on the edges is not a very good quality . I would not recommend buying these towels . I am sending the ones I purchased back . Thank goodness Amazon is taking them back for a refund .
 On the first use the towels barely adsorbed any water . After washing and drying for one cycle on low the hem of the towels unraveled .
 Like so many other reviewers here , we got these towels and within three machine washings the sides are in long shreds . I 've had a lot of different towels over the years , but these are among the worst . Even after washing , these towels do n't feel absorbent . Sometimes it takes a dozen or more washes to get Egyptian cotton towels more absorbent . They are nice looking . Too bad the quality sucks .
 My wife & I just bought these towels and received them quickly from Amazon . That 's the end of the good news right there . We immediately washed them . When we went to put them in the dryer we noticed all the edges had frayed and the stitching had come undone ... in ONE wash ! My current towels from Macys have been washed dozens of times with no damage to the towels.These are the biggest joke of towels I 've ever purchased and will be returning IMMEDIATLEY . DO NOT BUY THESE TOWELS .
 These towels when first used are like using wax paper . There is absolutely no absorption and they just move the water around on your body . After 7 or 8 washings trying to get them to perform better they are no more absorpant and they are unraveling around the edges and they are still bleeding in the washing machine .
 no problem with absorbency however i did notice the splotching after several uses . I have never had a towel do this and will probably not purchase another product from this vendor .
 Order arrived as indicated . Washed and dried the towel set to get rid of the plastic wrapping smell . Towel set completely fell apart in the washer/dryer ! Oh well , they 'll make fair car washing rags .
 These are without a doubt the poorest made towels of the lowest quality I 've ever seen ! I purchased 2 sets of these towels since they seemed to be a good price . They looked nice when they arrived - thick and cushy and they come in a variety of popular colors . I washed them 1 time before using and they shed so much that my dryter filter was clogged about 2 inches thick ! Several of the towels now had threadbare spots and the edges of several others were so shredded that they were separating into strings and totally coming away from the body of the towels . I am returning these and will never purchase a Pike Street product again . Walmart towels are so much better than these it 's hard to believe . I am sure that if Amazon was aware of the quality of these towels they would not allow them to be sold on their site , giving Amazon a bad reputation .
 I purchased 3 sets of these towels approximately 3 months ago , and every single piece has bled a significant amount of its color . I enjoyed the low price when I bought them , but I absolutely would not recommend them to anybody else . The old adage ` you get what you pay for ' definitely applies to this product . Stay away .
 These did not work out well ! After only a couple of washings , the sides of the towels started to lose their hem , and threads were just hanging . They were wonderfully soft , but I would not order these again !
 I purchased these towels after much searching and decided to take a gamble since there were mixed reviews . Big mistake . I received them today and washed them as per the directions prior to first use and now they are in tatters . The stitching along them hem was very poorly done and came apart requiring me to trim loose threads . Also the color completely faded even with being washed in cold water with color guard detergent . They look like I have had them for years and I have n't even used them yet . Waste of money and now my husband can tell me I told you so . = -LRB-
 Do not waste your money - These towels do not absorb water which leaves you feeling cold and wet . Taupe color is not attractive either as it looks like the color of mud . Yes , they are soft and fluffy . Do n't Buy !
 These towels were awful . The first time I washed these towels they shredded at the edges . The few towels that did n't shred barely absorbed any water when trying to dry off . Do n't buy these towels .
 I needed these fast for guest and I expected thick towels that could last a while . I was greatly mistaken to have SUB-PAR towels which where and are a few steps down from target or walmart brand . If you need towels pay a little more or buy from a local store . Also the towel whilts and you will be wearing the color of the towels as well . TERRIBLE QUALITY !!!
 If you 're looking for a real towel with absorbency , keep looking ... these wo n't absorb duck sweat !
 Shame on Amazon , these towels are not thick , not soft , very linty , coming apart on the first wash . I 'm a guy , I do n't return stuff bit these are crap .
 The towels feel nice , but the washcloth and the hand towels are unraveling after only 4 months .
 I am not sure about previous reviews ... I have been using these towels since July -LRB- it is October -RRB- very lightly . First day I got it there was red stuff falling off throughout my room , and I did n't mind it because it was new so then I had washed it a few times and now its falling apart . Threads are coming off , covered my room in red thread balls , turned my other towels red , when I use this in the shower I come out covered red.Please look for better towels even it is $ 5-10 more expensive . I gave it 2 stars because it 's cheap and you get a lot of junk.Thanks
 I bought these a couple of months ago before moving into a new house . I used them for the first time last week and washed them . They are falling apart and can not be used . Not to mention all the red lint that went onto all the other clothes that needed to be hand pulled off . I do not reccommend these towels at all and am very disappointed .
 The towels certainly are soft , but they are thin and are extremely frayed after ONE wash . Also ... as another mentioned , they do not absorb water very well . That may change with additional washing ... but I 'm afraid the towel might disintegrate given the results after the first wash .
 The first set of towels that Amazon sent completely shredded on the edges during the FIRST washing ! I wrote an email and Amazon replaced the set . Well maybe I got a bad set the first time , I thought , give them another try . The second set did n't start shredding until the SECOND washing . I actually felt guilty about returning the second set and thought maybe I would just use them for the dog , but in addition to shredded edges , they are not absorbant ! So these are going back too . Maybe this brand used to be good , but my experience with two sets -LRB- taupe -RRB- was terrible . And really , even though the price was good , these towels are so bad that they are not worth it . You could get much better towels at Target for the same price .
 Does n't Amazon audit products before they offer them for sale . And when there are so many negative reviews of a product , why does Amazon continue to sale the product . Like many other customers , I found the towels were indeed not absorbent and after the first wash they started shredding at the edges . A disgrace . I find myself with two sets of towels that do not even qualify as rags .
 I purchased these , expecting fluffy towels at an affordable price . What I got , were towels that became frayed around the edges after 1 wash , and constant shedding . Every time I used them , washed them , etc. , little bits of fabric came off . My floor was covered with white ` fuzzballs ' . What a disappointment these were . A waste of time and money .
 I bought 3 packs , but That was a mistake , because the towels are not absorbant .
 Not crazy about these towels , I liked the price , but was expecting thicker towels than this . I wouldnt buy them again , but perhaps if you do n't care about thickness of the material , they might be fine for you .
 The bath towels are absorbent , large , and soft . The first time that I washed the set one of the hand towels unraveled where the stripe is so I 'm not too sure about the quality ... though I 'm still glad that I purchased the towel set as it matches my bathroom tile .
 These towels are very soft , however they fail to be `` thirsty '' and continue to loose fibers even after repeated washings , leaving me damp and flecked with towel fibers .
 This is the third set of towels of this brand I have purchased from Amazon.com . I was quite pleased with the first two towel sets -LRB- which I purchased over the last couple of years -RRB- , but this set is not of the same quality . Possibly , I just received a `` bad set '' , but many of the edge seams came undone after just a couple of washes ! The older towels are still holding up very well , but not this set . I ca n't explain the difference . I only hope this is not a trend for this brand . Personally , I can no longer recommend these towels .
 These towels did not hold up to use . When I got them , they had frayed ends . After 2 washes , the towel frayed apart . I could put my head and body through the frayed sides . I was very disappointed .
 The towels are very soft to the touch however we had to return one of the shipments after the first wash as the stiching was coming off . Great price , soft towels but do not hold up well after washing .
 I was very disappointed with this purchase . I bought two sets , one of which I used and disliked very much but decided to keep as a guest bathroom set . I am returning the other set . When I opened the package they were already falling apart , ie the threads were coming undone but it felt soft so I thought I 'd give it a try and see what they 'd look like after I washed them . The thread situation was even worse , non the less I tried to use them and all I can say is that if you like still being wet after a shower then these are the towels for you . The dont soak up any water . Yes they are very soft , but are not functional as towels . I am very let down that amazon.com would sell these as their own product .
 On the screen looks great , but the actual towel lack a good finish and touch.The label really says 100 % egyptian cotton , they can say whatever they wnat in it ... Go to any bath and beyond or linens . . and you will find better stuff for a better price . I 'm returning the ones I got from my wedding ...
 The price looked too good to be true , and it was . These towels were thin thin thin -- had I known my metrics maybe I would have realized that from the weight . I called Amazon , which provided a label for free return shipping , which I greatly appreciated . I am rarely disappointed in the quality of goods I buy through Amazon . I hope they wo n't offer these in the future .
 I am updating my previous review and I am giving the pike street towels 1 star from 3 . I have had these towels now about 8 months , they are already ripping.The towels does not completely do a good job of absorbing water from the body , I have to rub my body more than I normally do.However , the towels size were perfect.I will not recommend these towels .
 After the first wash , several towels had the thread at the seams come loose or break ; very disappointing as the towels are very soft and would have purchased more in the future if better quality in the sewing department . The taupe color is not the usual color , however , the brick is very vibrant .
 Like other reviewers wrote , these towels do NOT absorb water . They ARE big , fluffy , heavy , soft towels that seem like they will be very comfortable . But the water stays on the surface of the towel and feels very cold when you are trying to dry yourself off . We washed them about four times , but this did not help.Are these really 100 % Egyptian cotton , because they seem like they 're polyester .
 I have used these towels a couple of times and I 'm ready to throw them out . they do not absorb water at all . You start to feel the towel getting wet and cold .
 Worst towels I 've ever used . Sure they 're soft and cozy when they 're dry but they do n't suck up water off of your skin , nor do they suck water out of your hair . They leave a short haired miniature pinscher almost wet even after 5 minutes of non stop rubbing . As for your skin , you 'd be better off drying off using a bucket and a sponge or a water hose.Buy them to wrap up in on a cold night but only after you run them thru the dryer a dozen times to get the god awful amount of fuzz out of them.TERRIBLE TOWELS and I did n't even pay full price for them , I won them on the internet .
 I was so surprised to find out that these towels were not very absorbent at all , especially after all the reviews . I bought hese for my son , for his apt . when I went to visit , I was quite surprised they turned out to be so nonabsorbent .
 The towels were given as a Christmas gift . I really liked them until I washed them . There was a bunch of lint in the washer and when I took them out of the dryer toe towels had strings hanging from the edges . I was really disappointed . It was that way on two of the four sets . I sent them back
 This is a first at Amazon . These towels are not even seconds , after the first wash they fell apart . These towels are not up to amazon 's standards .
 We have been using these towels and wash cloths for about three weeks now and even extra washings have not made the towels absorbent . Just now , while trying to dry my hair , water actually rolled down my face . They are soft , but do not take up water as I think a towel should do . The wash cloth is much the same way . And , when placed on the towel rack to dry , they take forever . In fact , when I took them out of the box , I immediately washed them , and it took forever to get them dry enough to take out of the dryer . I 've never seen material like these towels . I bought three sets and ca n't really use them unless by some miracle they begin to absorb better .
 The fabric is of moderate quality , but the fabrication is horrible ! After the first washing the hems on sides are unravelling.They arrived with multiple snags . I should have returned them , but seemed like to much work !
 I guess you get what you pay for . Great price , but several of the towels became `` unwoven '' on the edges the first time washed .
 It was a good deal at first then I washed the towel set and they shed more than any towels I ever bought . Even better , the bath towels were falling apart at the seams . I used a towel . And yes it was soft and comfy but still left me covered with towel bits . Overall poor quality and dissatisfied .
 I was very disappointed with the feel and look of the towels out of the packaging . They appeared dingy and old . I thought , from reading the reviews , that all they needed was a wash . I was wrong . The towels started to come apart at the seams and it filled the lint trap of the dryer with the most lint I have ever seen ! Since then I have used the towels and have had to be wary of lint and fuzzy on my person after showering or on fabrics that I lay the towels on . Very bad quality . Do Not Buy ! I have bought egyptian cotton , soft , luxury towels at a national -LRB- blue colored emblem -RRB- department store for a great price , and these towels have surpassed even luxury hotel towels I have used !
 It 's like they do n't dry your skin after the shower . Im hoping that I can wash them a few times and they get better
 I bought these towels because they got decent reviews overall and I figured the negative reviews were from people who expected too much from $ 20 towels . However , now I see that the negative reviews were the most accurate.After one normal fabric-softener-free washing , these towels were already unraveling . Not only that , but they are the least absorbent towels I 've ever used . They are super soft , which is nice , but they literally do not absorb . I usually leave my long hair wrapped in the towel for a few minutes while I moisturize , etc. . With my usual towel , it 's damp when I remove the towel . With this towel , when I removed the towel after 5-10 minutes , my hair was still soaking/dripping wet.I honestly would not even feel good using these as guest towels . Now I 'm thinking about giving them to Goodwill , because it seems like a shame to throw them out after 1 -LRB- or 0 -RRB- uses .
 This set of towels was not the quality that I expect from Amazon . I purchased a blue set and a brown set . For whatever reason , the brown set may have been slightly better , but that 's not saying much . I washed and dried them before monogramming and already , there were spots along the towel edges that were starting to become unraveled . Since these were a gift , I reinforced the stitching with a blanket stitch along all of the towel and hand towel edges to prolong the life of the product . But this is something a buyer should not have to do with a new product.I will not purchase any other Pike Street products .
 bad quality . I find bits and pieces everywhere . lost their color in the first time in the washing maching . Its horrible.Dont waste your money on this .
 I have washed these a half a dozen times now and they still are lousy . They do n't absorb the water off my body . I never heard of anything like this . How is it possible to have a towel that does n't dry?Towels are useless .
 After reading a ton of 5-star as well as 1-star reviews for these towels , I bought 2 sets -LRB- taupe & blue -RRB- when they were a Gold Box Deal for $ 19.99 / set . I 've never regretted an Amazon purchase more ! I washed them the day they came in the mail -LRB- following the directions on the packaging -RRB- , and they looked and felt great when they came out of the dryer . However , the taupe towels were covered in orange splotches and the blue ones in white splotches before they even went in the washer for the second time ! What the heck ?! As a woman I use a wide array of cleansers and lotions , but nothing was ever applied directly to the towel , and I 've never had this `` staining '' problem with any of my other towels before ! I am so disappointed ! I 'll think twice from now on before purchasing a product manufactured by Amazon .
 These towels are not as thick as I had anticipated , and additionally , the first time I washed them , before using them , they started to shed threads at the edges ! Poor quality ! Do not recommend .
 I purchased two sets of these towels -LRB- one white , one cream -RRB- . While these towels have a nice texture and are of reasonable size , they are not very well constructed . Upon receiving them I promptly washed both sets I had purchased . The end hems on 3 of the bath sheets and 2 of the hand towels began to ravel immediately . One of the bath sheets also had fraying in the side weft . I was very disappointed as previous purchases of `` Pike Street '' products were fine .
 I first bought 3 sets of these in November of 2008 . They have always been fantastic.The two sets I ordered in Sept 2010 frayed like crazy after the initial wash and dry cycle . In comparing them to the previous sets , it is obvious they have cheapened these towels considerably . If you look at the large image of the taupe towels pictured on the site and zoom in , you see a nice , thick embroidery running the length of the towels . This is how my sets from 2008 look . The embroidery on the new sets is less than half as thick . Also , holding a 2008 wash cloth in one hand and a 2010 wash cloth in the other , the 2010 one feels lighter.I checked back on the Nov 2008 order and it was titled 725 gram 100 % Egyptian cotton - the same as these . They are clearly not the same.The 2008 sets have never frayed and since more than half of the towels had a ridiculous amount of fraying after the first wash , I returned both sets for a refund.It 's a shame . These were great towels until they were cheapened .
 I had previously purchased what I thought were the same towels in the wedgewood color but from a different listingPike Street 100-Percent Egyptian Cotton 725-Gram 6-Piece Towel Set , Wedgewood . You may notice that the wedgewood listing has a bit higher price but everything else looks the same . Well , I liked my wedgewood towels , they were a nice color and held up pretty well . THEN I decided to order a second set in Taupe -LRB- this listing -RRB- when I saw them on black Friday sale . I 'm pretty disappointed with this set . First time through the wash -LRB- I have a front loading top of the line washer/dryer -RRB- a few of the towels came out with the sides totally frayed off . Although they look and feel pretty much the same as the towels from the other listing , they seemed to not be made as well . Very disappointing , spend your money elsewhere .
 As others have said , these towels do not absorb moisture , so you ca n't really use them to dry ... anything . And one of the hand towels completely fell apart in the wash - the night they were delivered . I would not recommend these towels .
 i ordered 4 sets ... when we got them in we washed them and they unravelled around the edges - so i sent them back and the second set did the same thing . . so i am returning them for a credit to my card ... sorry for the bad news ...
 I bought two sets for my new place and did not open them until last week . I washed them in cold water as directed.The towels came out torn up and the threads shredded . I throw them in the dryer and 20-minutes later , the dryer warning buzzer went off . I opened the lint trap and it was about 1/2 inch of lint . That evening , I used the towel to dry my face and there bits of towel fuzz on my face . I washed and dried them AGAIN . This morning , I got the same result . Towel bits & fuzz all over my face.I hate the towels . I want to return them but I already missed the return deadline . So disappointed .
 I have never seen a towel disintegrate as quickly as this set did . I put the towels in the washing machine -LRB- front loader -RRB- on normal cycle and dried them on gentle before using them . After using the wash cloth and bath towel one time each began unraveling on one side . The towels appeared very thin upon arrival until I laundered them which `` plumped '' them up and that was a pleasant surprise but when drying myself off they were n't absorbent , it felt like the water was being pushed off me . Reviews said they were good , which is why I purchased them , but I ca n't recommend them . That 's only my opinion .
 After one wash , I sent these back . They came out of the washer ripped and torn after just ONE wash ! Surely NOT worth your money !
 Bought three sets of towels because of the great deal ... you get what you pay for . Cloth came apart at the seams after one washing . Nice and soft but no absorbency . Felt like I was just pushing water from one place to another . Returned two of the unused sets for a refund .
 These towels are truly amazing ! In addition to being soft and coming in a large array of fashion colors , they seem to have been treated with a very effective water retardant . Marvel in wonder as they leave puddles completely undisturbed ! Watch in awe as water actually beads up on the fibers ! Pass them over your wet body and you would almost believe you just stepped fresh from the tub if not for the fine coat of lint covering your still-wet skin , your still-wet hair and your formerly clean bathroom floor . I highly recommend these towels as show pieces in your for-display-only bathroom or as extra padding for your garbage . Enjoy !
 The first time we washed these towels , they shredded on all sides . Threads were coming off more on the sides of the towel than the ends . We also had to wash them 3 times to try to get the pilling cotton off . Even after that , the towels left lint on us after drying off for weeks . I do n't recommend getting these towels .
 As many others stated
 I received these towels and loved how soft they were . I washed per the label -LRB- warm and tumble dry low heat -RRB- like I do with all my towels and after the first washing they are already all tattered and falling apart . VERY cheaply made towels . Save your money and buy another towel set . I 'll be returning these at my first convenience .
 Bought set -LRB- Bluestone color -RRB- at 19.99 figured , ca n't be all that bad -LRB- after reading reviews . -RRB- Well , wrong again . I did n't expect a luxurious set , half-way decent would be good . Just rec 'd it , washed the set by itself because experience has been that new towels usually shed & throw a lot of lint around especially the first wash . Dried it on medium so it would n't be shrink dried :--RRB- , pulled it out of the dryer . Lot of loose cotton on towels . Both bath towels are unraveling on one side -- selvage edge not sewn well or poor quality threads or ? Poor quality period . Too much trouble to return them , but I will not buy another product mfg by Pike Street again . I 'll use the hand & wash towels . And by the way , this is my first fully negative review of any product . Buyer beware , and I will go back to my policy of not buying a product with ` bad ' , ` poor ' or mediocre reviews .
 We washed the towels when we first received them . Have never seen an item `` shed '' so much . They have been used and washed for the third time and they are still `` shedding '' though it appears to be less and less with each washing . We like the size and the feel of the towels but we are disappointed in the towels and would not buy this brand again .
 These towels while really inexpensive are not the towels my family and I are used to . Upon opening the box , the towels were packaged nicely , but after opening one package , and opening the towels , strings were hanging from one towel and still attached to the towel . That is just poor quality , either the towel is already unraveleing or the manufacturer did not cut off any stray strings . The towel is extremely thin . My husband and I decided not to use the towels ourselves and I wanted to return them but it would have cost me $ 15 to return them . I did not want to pay $ 15 for something I do not have . We decided to give them to his brother , who is single and does not care how fluffy or thick the towels are . I would not recommend this to anyone who is used to very fluffy and well made towels .
 All of the towells that came on the package started unravelling on the edges . The company should try to check for quality standards before shipping them out to customers ! Buy at your own risk !
 These towels were very cheap . Thin and not soft . I should not have bought them considering the inexpensive price . I could n't find anything else I wanted.Thanks . M. White
 Have to agree with some of the other reviewers about the poor absorbancy of the towels . We have washed them three times and did NOT use fabric softner . We have used worse but these still feel like you 're drying off with a wet rabbit.Also they are somewhat thin.They definetly are not high quality towels but they 're still a pretty good deal if your expectations are n't too high .
 These towels are terrible . They are not absorbant and two of them began unravelling after the first wash . I absolutely do not recommend them
 I 've been an Amazon customer and more importantly an Amazon -LRB- BELIEVER -RRB- for many , many years ! I will continue to look to Amazon for comparisons and such ! However , this purchase just baffles me ! After I received my purchase , it was necessary to wash them -LRB- as you normally do -RRB- ! Much to my surprise and horror was the fact that after the wash cycle , the towels were left covered with cotton fibers from the other towels that were washed along with the cocoa colored ones.I decided to wash them again and not only were they still covered with cotton fibers , they began to shred and come apart , obviously defective!The taupe colored set -LRB- after the 1st wash -RRB- nearly disintergrated!It was n't nor is n't worth sending back , I 'll use them as rags , it 's too bad I had to pay $ 20 + for something I did n't know I 'd be using on the floor of my home.Word of Advice
 I ordered a set of these in the sage green and a set for my mom in the blue . They look nice , colors are great . Big fluffy soft towels . The bath size is very generous . They wash up nicely , do n't lose much and look luxurious.The thing I do n't like is these towels are not absorbent . I 've washed them about six times , do n't use fabric softener and they just do n't wick the water off one 's body the way I 'd like . I even checked the tag to make sure they said `` cotton . '' I can wrap one of these around wet hair after shampooing and 5 mins later , my hair is nearly as wet as when I first got out of the shower.It 's gotten to the point where I am going to give these to the dogs . It 's that irritating .
 Towels are not very absorbant . They also have alot of lint . I washed them once before using and they left lint on my skin . After 3-4 washings and a filled lint filter each time , they were a little better but now thinner . The Walmart Egyptian towels are more expensive but a much better product .
 I love new towels , and was surprisingly disappointed in your offer of 100 % Egyptian Cotton towel set . One bath towel was ripped on the edge and the colors were different . One set looked faded.Thank you for letting me explain . It looked like such a good deal.Sue Porter
 I am very disappointed with this product . All of the towels shrunk considerably with the initial pre-use wash . I have to keep a pair of scissors handy for unraveling -LRB- and unsightly -RRB- threads ; again , evident with the initial pre-use wash . The best part of this package was Amazon 's generous discount at checkout .
 I bought these towels about the same time I bought some Pike Street Egyptian cotton sheets . The sheets were fabulous , but the towels are very disappointing . The first wash created loads of `` hanging chads '' on the towels . These towels are also probably the most least absorbent towels I have ever owned . They just spread the moisture around instead of wiping it off . I will buy Pike Street sheets in the future , but I will never buy any more of their towels . Because of the pulled threads on the towels , I ca n't even put them in the guest bathroom to just look nice -- because they do n't . I 'm not sure how Pike Street can make such good sheets and such bad towels , but that is my experience with them .
 They feel great , but the first washing produced more than an inch of lint in the dryer vent , piles of lint I had to pick up by hand before I could even vacuum it up . No absorbency .
 Purchased this towel set and ran them through the wash like any ordinary person before use , and the threads ALL CAME APART ! As a result , the towels are simply unusable - what as waste of money!Do yourself a favor and give this offer a major swerve and head down to your local Target or Wallmart store !
 The towels look and feel thick , rich and fluffy . But , do n't let their appearance fool you ... or the positive ratings . They do not absorb the water . Instead , you dry yourself with a `` wet '' towel . The water droplets stay on the fabric , as though there is something in the dye or cotton that repels water . They are a great buy if you only intend to hang them in a spare bathroom for appearance . But , their practicality is questionable , as is their dollar value . Sorry.DMS
 Products starts to come apart in normal Heat in Dryer . I can get a towel from Target that will last many high heat cycles and costs the same . Terrible Craftmanship ! It does feel very plush though .
 HiAfter the first washing the edges were shredded and the towels changed their color , I bouth the bluestone and the taupe , and both of them seem to have more than two years only with the first wash !!!! These are by far the worst towels I ever bought.I give them 1 star because I ca n't select 0 .
 Decent but qc is not good . Various minor problems with stitching . Stitch openedup had to return . Would n't by pike again .
 I wish I read the other reviews before I purchased these towels . They had a funny smell and I figured I needed to wash them anyway . When I used them for the first time . I had to get one of my older towels to dry off . It 's like fluffy polyester .
 I noticed immediately that these towels are neither absorbent nor color-fast . I have had them for a year and the sides are shredding . I really could not have believed such a poor quality towel would be manufactured and sold by a reputable label . I have Cannon towels that I 've owned for 10 years that are in better shape than these after one year of very light use . Stop looking at these and keep browsing !
 I should have taken heed to the other reviewers . The towels were beautiful before I laundered them as instructed ` before first use ' . I washed them a second time w / other towels and the sides unraveled on one of the hand towels like someone made tassels on it . What a waste of money.buyer beware .
 I ordered two sets of these and when they arrived I followed the directions exactly as to pre-laundering them etc , etc. . They are certainly good looking , thick towels . BUT , and it 's a big BUT , for some reason or other the towels and washcloths have a tough time absorbing the water when towelling off ... much less than a regular run-of-the-mill towel . For such thick towels I 'd expect them to be far more absorbent than they are . So , bottom line , they look good , feel good , but are n't anywhere near as effective as other towels that I 've used . Would I buy them again ? Nope .
 These towels are large and very soft ... good , but they have already started to deteriorate after only a few weeks . They have begun fray and they produce so much lint that I have had to discard them ... so much for bargain towels .
 Disappointed in the towels as they are fraying already . However , I do like the thickness and the absorability of the towels .
 As the saying goes if the price looks to good to be true ... it probably is !! I am so disappointed in these white towels . They are so flawed . There are pulled threads in all of the towels , one has a pink stain , one has a grease mark , one has a poorly stitched hem . I had planned to create a gift basket for my grandson 's school auction/fund raiser . I took them out of the package and could hardly believe what I was seeing . Amazon has never disappointed me , ever before . They should be ashamed to offer this item . It was n't like I only purchased one bad package . I have three and all three have problems . Buyer , beware !!
 DO NOT BUY THESE TOWELS . I read some of the negative reviews but still trusted Amazon naive , huh ? -RRB- and ordered them . They are about as thick as a Kleenex , some of them had fabric faults , and even considering the cheap price , they aint worth even sending back -LRB- if I could -RRB- . This obvious peddling of poor quality and `` seconds '' merchandise may color my attitude towards buying anything more from Amazon , especially from its own departments .
 These towels look great , feel nice and soft . Unfortunately , when you use them after a shower it is like drying off with a plastic sheet . They do not absorb anything ; they just smear the water around and eventually you dry off by evaporation . In fact , instead of making me feel dry and comfortable , I feel cold as the water is moved around on my skin . My suggestion
 I should have read the product reviews before I ordered , but they were a Black Friday special and I really needed towels , so ordered them right away . I got them and finally opened and washed them today ... . The edges of the towels frayed and started coming apart with the first wash . These were a complete and total waste of money . Amazon can usually be counted on to have great stuff ; unfortunately , they missed the boat on this one .
 Do n't waste your money/time on these junk towels ... linty , fade when washed , unravel at the edges , smell bad when opened , feel cheap ... Amazon should be embarrassed to peddle these . Getting towels from Goodwill might be better . Actually , these are n't totally useless ... you could `` encourage '' overstaying house guests to leave by putting these junk towels in the bathroom for them to use OR they could be a cheap alternative to dermabrasion !
 These are serious junk.As others have stated , they shred on the first wash , get massive amounts of lint all over everything !!
 the colors are perfect and the towels are soft but ... they are the last thing that will dry you off after a shower . zero absorbancy ! they seem to have improved a bit after 6 washes .
 I should have heeded my fellow reviewers warning . These towels are not absorbent . I received the towels Saturday and placed them in my bathroom Sunday morning . I noticed throughout the day that the towels remained damp . My household only includes two adults . Therefore , I can only imagine how a family of four would react to towels remaining wet/moist throughout the day after each hand washing cycle.Avoid these towels at all cost . I can only imagine the bacteria buildup that comes along with drying and re-drying your hands on these non-absorbent/damp everyday bath towels .
 Towels do not dry - bought with a gift card and this looked like a good deal . The towels are soft , but do not absorb , even after a few washings . I would not recommend this product .
 I bought these towels on a good sale , mistakenly thinking that they were actually worth the posted normal price . They are average quality at best . I have two sets of much higher quality towels that I purchased at my local Target . These towels are soft , but relatively thin and have already started to discolor .
 This is the worst set of towels ever . No absorbancy . The towel not only does not dry me when I use it , it stays very wet for days . I have tried washing them four of five times each and there is no improvement . If I could , I would return these towels .
 We were confused by so many negative and positive reviews for the towels , and decided to take a gamble and ordered the cream towels . Well , the towels washed up nicely the first time and were fluffy and soft , so we thought , `` Wow great deal on nice towels ! '' After a couple more washes , the towels are still fluffy and soft but the trim is apparently POORLY SEWN and coming apart on two of the large towels . So , I would recommend you LOOK ELSEWHERE for towels if you want ones that will hold up to regular use , and not just be fluffy and soft and nice to look at on a line closet shelf .
 First wash and the towels lost the color . They look old & faded .
 These towels are soft and fluffy , but the towels are not absorbent . Just as other reviewers have stated , the towels do n't absorb water , rather the water rests on the surface of the towels .
 I was looking for a `` premium '' bath towel at a good price when I came across these on Amazon . Heavy towel weight - check . Egyptian cotton - check . Good customer reviews - check . And two sets of towels for $ 30 ??!! That 's less than the price of just one bath towel of these other brands I have been looking at ! Sounds too good to be true ? Well , in my case it was . The towels arrived today , and as I excitedly opened the package , I found these lovely , fluffy white towels . Just a few loose threads on them , I 'll just pick those off ... oops ! Those loose threads were still attached to the towel , and there were clumps of them , some several inches long ! These towels are clearly seconds , rejects , or else they have lousy quality control in the factory . Both bath towels had areas of loose threads . Anyways , I 'm sure they will be soft and fluffy , but I 'm sure the threads will also pull as they are washed . I think they should be advertised as seconds , not first quality . I 'm sure they will perform fine and feel soft ; they just wo n't look great . I , for one , will return them as I was not planning to buy factory seconds .
 Ca n't believe how awful these were . I unfortunately bought several , washed them , then found out they were extremely non-bsorbent and they puckered . They looked so nice when I took them out of the box , too ! I even recommended them to a friend . Fortunately I told her my experience before she unpacked hers . I sent back the ones I had not yet unpacked and she 's sent hers back too . You can read similar experiences for this same product with other colors .
 I purchased this set in the blue color . Yes , it does come with 6 pieces-making it a full set . However , as other reviewers noted , it came with `` white '' spots all over several of the towels . Not sure what it could be ! Also , one of the bath & hand towels appeared to be a different `` nap '' from the others . All in all , I regretted this purchase - especially since Amazon usually sells a good product for a good price . In this case , you could do better at a department store sale . Save your money .
 It 's like wiping off with polyester . They are indeed thick , but the water stays on the surface and feels really cold . I got some Bianca towels at the same time and they are much nicer .
 I wish I had read the previous review before I purchased the towel . I 'm not sure this can be classified as a towel because it does not absorb water . The towel itself looks nice and feels really soft but do n't count on it to dry anything .
 When I rec 'd these towels I washed them before using them , and the seaming stringed up and started coming loose . So I called amazon and they sent me a new set . They also stringed up on the first wash . These towels are fluffy but the seaming/edging makes them extremely cheap quality . A towel that rips and strings up on the edges is no good . My walmart towels are WAY better . I sent these towels back . This was a bad buy and now I have to pay to ship this poor quality crap back .
 Why Amazon continues to sell these towels , I 'll never know.I was attracted by the average 3.5 star rating , combined with a very attractive price & Free Super Saver shipping . Unfortunately , when I received these towels , the quality does not match the average rating -LRB- in my not so humble opinion -RRB- . Right out of the package -LRB- and after the first washing -RRB- , there are lots of loose threads - the towel looks `` sloppy . `` As many other reviewers have written , these towels do not do what a towel is supposed to do . The DO NOT absorb water as you 're trying to dry off after a bath or shower . As you wipe yourself dry , the towels feel cold & wet , rather than leaving you warm & dry . I 'm sorry , but in terms of performance , these towels are very poor when compared with years-old , ratty cotton towels with holes in them . At east the ratty towels leave you warm & dry after a shower.Very disappointing - not at all recommended .
 As is my custom , I did a short wash of these towels as soon as they arrived . Much to my surprise they did not hold up to this first short wash . They are very poorly made . I doubt they will survive more than three washes before they become cleaning rags . In fact , I have shop rags which are of a much better quality than these towels . My advice , avoid these towels . Spend a little more money for a better quality product .
 These towels have absolutely no absorbancy . I have never had this problem before with any towel . They are beautiful looking , but are not towels ! I do n't know what to do with them other than throw them away as they can not be used as ` rags ' because they can not absorb ! If I could give a minus star I would have done so .
 These towels felt great when they arrived ... Unfortunately that did n't last . After I washed them for the first time they completely fell apart at the seams and began to tear . I would not recommend this towel set
 These towels were listed as a `` Deal of the Day '' so I ordered a set of red ones . They came packaged well , and we washed them -LRB- without softener -RRB- before using them . Upon their first use they just moved the water around , they did n't absorb anything . So we washed them and tried them again , and got the same results . They do n't seem to dry us at all , and even after the first wash they left little red fibers all over us.Check out my other reviews , I do n't tend to give bad reviews , but this was a terrible purchase , no wonder they were listed on the Deal of the Day .
 Not even worth the sale price of $ 30 ! Strings are coming out of all the hems . I did n't even use them , returned for full refund . Target and JCPenney 's have better towels . Do n't waist your money on this one .
 I was disappointed in these towels . They are very light in weight and flimsy . I returned them after opening one package . Did n't bother to wash them . These are perhaps twice the thickness of the shop towels I buy at lowes ! Very disappointing . Would n't have them in the house -- much less in the guest bath which is where they were going ! Amazon is kindly accepting the return and paying for return shipping . I 'd do better at Bed Bath & Beyond for the same price .
 I am shocked of the quality of this towel.The towels do not absorb water at all they get wet and stay wet right away , they are soft that 's true but a plastic bag is also soft on your skin after a shower . I dont recomend them at all it is a scam its a waste of money !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Towels frayed around the edges after their first wash ! Your money would be better spent elsewhere .
 I strongly urge people not to buy these towels ! They are very plush , but almost right after I bought them they started to fray along the edges . I have had to re-stitch the two large bath ones several times . It 's as if they did n't allow enough fabric tucked underneath the topstitching . The ones I bought from Walmart -LRB- Pike Street did n't have the complementary color for my bathroom that I wanted -RRB- , while not nearly as plush , have held up fine , even two years later . And `` Egyptian cotton , '' while it sounds so luxurious , does n't seem to be as absorbent when you get out of the shower .
 Every single towel began to frey at the edges or completely fall apart after the first washing , making this set worthless even for rags .
 I purchased this towel set -LRB- in four different colors -RRB- because it was a great sale/offer and i thought to myself how bad can towels actually be ??! Well lets just say politely they can get REALLY bad !! Prior to this purchase i have had a lemon here and there throughout my life time but nothing can compare to this set !!!!!! These towels do not suck in even a drip of water they just rubbed it around while fuzz gets stuck on your skin ... Needless to say that is one of the worst and most disgusting feelings you can ever get from any towel!This set and a microfiber set i have bought from Jcpenney is really the worst towels i have ever bought and owned . I would not even use them to clean my house !! I would NEVER recommend these or ever buy them again !! PS
 I bought two sets of these towels to use for guests . Towels were thin , edges frayed in the wash and they do n't absorb like they should . Washed several times and they have continued to shed lint . Would not recommend these towels to anyone . Good price , fast shipping but not a good product .
 From the description , I had anticipated a good product . Unfortunately , the towels do not absorb water and after use , you still feel wet . I would n't recommend anyone purchasing them .
 As with the other reviewers , I 've had the same experience . I was in need of towels & the Black Friday sale was just too good to pass up . Upon first inspection , I thought they 'd be fluffier . Threw them in the laundry to wash before using . Well , they fluffed up nicely , but every bath towel , hand towel & wash rag had one edge that was badly frayed!Really disappointed in the quality ... expected better from Amazon !
 You ca n't beat the price but upon getting these towels in and washing them on the most gentle cycle possible -LRB- handwash -RRB- with woolite and tumble drying them -LRB- w/o fabric softener -RRB- they fell apart ! Not only that ... they did n't absorb at all . It was like drying off with plasic ! Even my little son said ` mommy , these do n't work ' . I usually look at the bad/good reviews and since the good outweighed the bad here I took a chance and ordered three sets . I really tried to like these towels but found myself reaching in the back of my linen closet for the 10 year old Martha Stewart brand kmart towels that these were supposed to replace ! Now after around three washings they are thinner than my 10 yr old MS Kmart specials -LRB- it 's like they just deflated -RRB- and still do not absorb and have continued to fall apart at the seams . On a whim I went back to kmart and bought some egyptian cotton towels on sale thinking I was sadly back to slumming it again . However , the k mart specials were awesome ! Thick and fluffy and got thicker and fluffier as I washed them and -LRB- who would have thought -RRB- they dried me off like a towel should . I really thought I was getting a great product with Pike St. and turned my nose up at my cheapie towel set as I eagerly awaited them . But sometimes stores that get a bad rap for quality -LRB- kmart , walmart -RRB- can sometimes -LRB- sometimes -RRB- have great products at a reasonable price . I 'm glad I got over myself and now I have awesome towels to show for it !
 I bouth these from the gold box special and ordered light blue . After I recieved shipment I ran these towels throught the wash -LRB- cold water + fabric softener -RRB- and they came out PURPLE ! They are kind of soft but they are PURPLE ! Probably the most disappointed I 've ever been with anything from Amazon and I 've been a prime member for at least three years .
 I have n't used these yet , just washed them yesterday . EVERY single item in the set has fraying around the edges , some of it really bad -LRB- the complete edging coming off -RRB- . I 've had better luck with towels from Walmart . NEVER have I had any towels fall apart on the first wash before like these . I can only imagine what subsequent washings will do . In fact , I have n't even seen this from old towel sets I 've had for many years . Very poor quality !!
 These are by far the worst towels I have ever purchased !!! After the first wash , on a gentle cycle I might add , the towels are completely frayed around the edges . It took 10 minutes just to clean up the lose threads from the washing machine , and no I did not overload the machine . These are absolute trash and I would not recommend them even as rags . Completely regret this purchase .
 I am not a picky person but I can not recommend these towels . The color is not as pictured but that did not matter very much to me . They are absorbent , not the greatest but good enough . However , after using and washing them for just couple of months , the edges are coming apart on every single one of the towels.I have towels that are years old that look better then these , these will soon go for the dog . I know they are not expensive , but the quality of workmanship is just not good . I will not buy them again .
 The stitched edging of the four towels came apart in the first washing . The towels are now frayed on the edges and look terrible . I would advise anyone thinking about purchasing these towels to buy from a different manufacturer .
 I had some concerns about these towels after reading some of the reviews about wear . But , I tried them based on some of the good reviews , and the reasonable price . You do n't always get what you pay for , but you do pay for what you get . After 1 month and two washes , the edges are fraying , and I got a lot of lint in the washer lint filter from the fraying towels .
 Out of 400 + items That I 've purchased from Amazon , this is the first that I 'm returning , if that tells you anything.These towels were washed once before use and there was an unreal amount of cotton residue left over in the washer . After drying , the dryer 's lint filter had enough cotton fiber to make another towel . Seriously , there was 10 to 15 loads worth of lint from just this one set . The hand towels were also shredding along the edges and the other towels already had a worn look - worse than my six year old set . I decided to use one , and while quite soft , it was strangely not as absorbent as other towels . Plus , if I had n't shaved yet , my face would be covered with towel lint . I figured these could be put to good use for washing & waxing the car , but after washing the towel a second time with just one other towel , my old towel came out loaded with lint from the new towel . So they 're not even worth keeping for car use , if they have to be washed separately.Notice how many of the negative reviews have been posted in the last three weeks since these were the Gold Box deal of the day - when I purchased mine . Earlier negative reviews complained of fading and wear after several months or a year of use . Now , it 's after one wash .
 It was a mistake to order these towels . They are of very low quality and cheap lookig as well . Do n't buy it !!
 First off this is my first review of hundreds of orders I made with amazon in my years . This towel does not absorb at all . After first wash it was coming apart ... Now i have to wonder what amazon is doing about quality control . = -LRB-
 I was a little unhappy when the towels arrived . Brick is more maroon . Also they are not as soft as EGYPTIAN cotton from retail stores . Sorry Amazon .
 After only the first washing , the binding/seam on one side of 2 towelsis already coming apart -- thread is coming out and seam is shredded.also , inside decorative hem is shredded in a couple of spots on one of the towels . Purchased Pike St 100 % Egyptian cotton towel setPour Quality !!!
 I would never pay $ 130.00 for these towels . It was a disappointing purchase . They appear plush in the photo but arrived a thin , disappointing rough product . I bought them as a gift - but I would never give them to anyone . You get what you pay for !
 There are blotches of fading ; looks disgusting after washing in normal wash cycle , using Wisk detergent . I think quality of material is inferior .
 The towels look nice and are good and heavy . Unfortunately , they are not absorbent . When toweling off after a shower you still end up wet -LRB- and cold -RRB- . I went back to using my old towels .
 I saw these towels had 4 stars and they were certainly cheap . I just needed towels for a guest bathroom . Opening the package , there was chunks of material all over the towels . I washed them and more chunks in the washer and then the dryer . The dye came off in the dryer . I 'll keep them for now as they look ok in the bathroom and will get a review on how they actually work next time I have a guest . I suspect they will be going to the animal shelter though .
 I was absolutely ecstatic when the towels were received . However , after one wash , and BEFORE we were even able to use them , they started fraying on the sides . Very disappointed and will probably not order from this company again .
 The color was not the same as in the picture . It was gray instead of lavender . I have returned it .
 Nothing is a `` deal '' these days . If you follow this motto in life , you will NEVER be disappointed - `` You Get What You Pay For . '' Period . Come on , Egyptian cotton towels , an entire set for $ 19.99 ? You Get What You Pay For ... They look & feel nice -- possibly for a few months , then they turn into $ 19.99 towels -- for the entire set . Get it ? Enough said . Good Luck .
 hi , i love the soft feel , only one held up other 3 fezzled on edges , still use them , wish edges held up . . bummer
 THE TOWELS I ORDERED AND RECEIVED CAME APART AT THE SEAMSON THE SIDES WHEN I WASHED THEM FOR THE FIRST TIME ONPERMANENT PRESS CYCLE , I CAN NOT IMAGINE WHAT COULD HAVEHAPPENED IF I HAD WASHED THEM ON REGULAR CYCLE.I AM VERY DISAPPOIINTED WITH MY PURCHASE BUT I WILL TRYTO FIX THEM ON MY FAITHFUL SEWING MACHINE.UNSATISFIED CUSTOMER
 These towels are pretty and soft but of about 18 pieces I washed about 16 pieces came out of the washer damaged , fraying at the side or end seams , on the 1st wash . If you are staging a house and do n't intend to use them buy them . If you intend to use them they wo n't look new beyond the first wash .
 I brought these towels as a `` Lightning deal '' . They were priced right . Looked like a recent set of towels I bought that I love . And were a decent color . Washed them before we used them -LRB- dye & scent free soap , no dryer sheet -RRB- , and hung them up to use . They were dry . A few hours later , I used the face cloth and hand towel for my normal nighttime ritual , and they felt a bit damp . I just figured that the new dryer , that does actualy work well , left them a bit damp . But a few hours later ? That just seemed weird . But no big deal.The next morning , I took my usual shower . Grabed the bath towel , and tried to dry off . The towel felt cold and wet . What the hell ! They did n't absorb any of the water , but just sort of smeared it around . How can a towel not absorb water . They look practically identical to my other newer set . But they do n't work . A towel is supposed to dry you off , without actually feeling too wet itself . This towel does n't do that . It strangely does n't absorb water , yet it feels wet at the same time . It is suprisingly not dense , and just does n't work . I do n't have a clue how they managed to make a bad towel . Cheap hotel towels are better than this one . Seriously , do not buy these !
 You get what you pay for ... no more , maybe less.I was hopeful when I placed my order , they had gotten some good reviews . Then I received them and all hope was lost . These are seconds with loose threads , miss stitching and defects in the weave . I would expect to find this quality at Big Lots -LRB- but for a lower price -RRB- . After washing a noticeable defect in the weave about 5 '' long showed up on one of the bath towels . For $ 20.00 not worth the headache of returning them . I will use then for washing the car and the dog . They can not be on towel racks in the bathroom where guest would see them . The Bluestone color is more a periwinkle blue with purple under tones.Buyer be ware .
 I bought a set in cocoa color . I just washed them second time by hand and they are still discharging their die . They are huge but they shrink when you tumble dry them to a better size . And I have used scissors several times to trim loose threads around the hems-poor workmanship . And one wash towel has a visible tear right in the middle . And that horrible white tags!They are thirsty towels though.I am keeping them for the price I paid which was around 20 dollars .
 It is an outright lie to say that these towels retail for over $ 100 . Only online can you lie so blatantly.The towels are fine and look much better once you have given them a wash , but they are no better than any towel set you can get at target in my opinion . It is not like you are getting ripped off at the $ 30 range , but you are certainly getting no deal .
 We got the towels , washed them , dried them , and they started to fall apart.The only good thing I can say about this is that Amazon makes it very easy to do returns.Amazon should not be selling stuff like this . It is absolute junk.I will never buy anything that says `` Pike Street `` For stuff like this there needs to be a way to give zero stars !
 I took everyone else 's advice and bought the cream color because I had problems with towels fading and getting blotchy . Well , this set started tearing apart from the first wash . We had n't even used it yet . The sides are coming apart . It 's not the washer/dryer problem , as they are brand new front loaders . They are very soft , but not worth even the $ 20 for the set that I bought them for ! Very frustrating .
 These towels promised to be a fitting and needed replacement for our old towels at home . I got them and put them in the washer and then the dryer . Pulling them out there were threads coming off the hemmed areas and hems falling apart on all the bath towels and hand towels . I was appalled at the poor sewing quality of these towels . Shame on you Amazon for peddling such crap !
 I purchased these towels that looked great when I opened the package . I washed them before I used them and now they look like I have had them for 10 years . The edges came apart , they faded and lost so much bulk they were n't even the same towels anymore . My old ones looked better .
 I read all the negative reviews for these towels , but decided to purchase them anyway , which I certainly should n't have done . They are not at all absorbent , and leave you ad wet as you were before you used them . I have ended up using them as shelf liners to add a color accent , because that 's about all they 're ending up as good for .
 After one wash they were falling apart . Also not very soft as you would expect based on how they were advertised .
 These towels are not egyptian cotton . I threw them into the washing machine and they came out torn with strings loose . I was disappointed in the quality . I will be using them as guest towels .
 I put these straight in the washer , with no softener . They came out with 6 inch long threads all over them . That alone was n't enough to return them , but the fact they are just an average feeling weight and texture was . I looked at all of the reviews and decided to give them a chance.They 're going back .
 Out of the package they do seem thin , but after I washed them according to the package -LRB- typical towel laundry instructions - not sure why they need special instructions aside from maybe `` no fabric softener '' -RRB- they were quite thick and felt like they 'd do a fine job . Out of the washer -LRB- LG front loader -RRB- there were already threads fraying from the edges and all throughout the towels . After the dryer -LRB- also LG front loader -RRB- , two of the towels ' edges had completely come undone leaving an unraveled mess . I did not try them to test absorbency - that is irrelevant now . I will be returning the washed set and the unopened set . For any price these towels are garbage.As a comparison , I have purchased cheap towels in South America and Asia for one or two-week use that are still in fine shape after two to five years . I have towels that have been in the Middle East more than some soldiers that are still in the same shape -LRB- though quite faded -RRB- as the day I bought them at the PX for around $ 5 . Whoever is responsible for marketing these , and advertising a discount from $ 130 down to $ 20 should be ashamed and fired .
 The towels feel fine , they are soft to the touch . The problem is the edging on one bath towel already started shredding the first time I washed them . Second time they were washed more towels started to shred and of course the first got worse . The edges get very ragged looking after a while.I was very unhappy about what I consider a large defect in a new product after seeing a lot of 4-5 ratings . Funnily enough after re-reading some of those people mentioned this defect.If you do n't care about the shredded side edging and are looking for something cheap , absorbent and soft go ahead and buy these for cheap towels . Personally , I think I could have done better going to Kohl 's on sale , Marshall 's or TJ Maxx for the price .
 Bad quality / low grade towels , thin , full of flimsy material and loose threads / weaves . VERY different from advertised item in picture , even the color -LRB- Taupe -RRB- is so dark and dull . Very low end towels , I have just returned my order back .
 i know these were n't a lot of money but enough that i thought they would n't pill up after one washing ... not a great product .
 I got these because they were a great price and although some reviews said the towels were n't absorbent , I decided to take a chance . Bad mistake , I might as well not be using them when i get out of the shower . As a girl , I need a good absorbent towel to dry my hair and these continue to fail every time . I 've washed them a couple times hoping to `` break them in '' but to no avail . I am now on the look out for new towels and have learned my lesson ; do n't risk a towel not being able to perform it 's most basic function . Just pass these ones by
 These look and feel great , but DO NOT ABSORB water ! One reviewer said after several washes they become more absorbant and I hope that is true , but I would not order these again .
 or they would have been returned . Not the thick , absorbant towels I was hoping for . An odd color , too . My husband claims they are a moss green , and I say they are a mauve/tan . Oh well . What can I expect for twenty bucks ?!?
 I guess I did not pay enough attention to the detail . I searched for Martex towels and these came up . I thought I was buying Martex , not these cheap Pike Street towels . I guess when you are buying from Amazon you have to really pay attention . I feel like it was a bait and switch trick !
 I just had to comment ... I have n't bought these towels yet . These reviews range from `` best towels I 've ever bought '' and `` large , soft , and luxurious '' to descriptions that almost defy possibility they 're so bad . So thanks for nothing Amazon and you reviewers ! It 's so ridiculous that it almost has me curious enough to buy them just to see what they 're really like . I guess ALMOST is the operative word though .
 After the first wash these towels were `` threading '' and a bunch of its fluff stuck to the towels . I thought maybe if I washed it again it will get rid of the fluff , but not so . There are also loose threads hanging on the towels . I bought the sea blue set and its not as great as the picure looks . Granted , I only paid $ 23 for the set , but in the future I 'd spend a little more and get better towels .
 I read a number of the reviews indicating these towels were phenomenal - fluffy , absorbent , great color . Unfortunately the company must have changed something in the manufacturing process because I purchased two sets of these towels and washed them in cold water on the gentle cycle and dried on low to get any lint out and the edges are coming undone . There is thread hanging off all but one of the six piece set . In addition , after two washes they still leave lint all over me after drying and tend to just push the water around . Save your money and buy a nice Ralph Lauren towel on sale at Macy 's - they are only $ 10 , last forever , retain their color , and dry wonderfully . Very disappointed in this purchase but that 's what I get for only spending $ 20 on six towels I guess .
 After one washing some of the towels came apart at the seams with threadshanging from the edges . In one month a few of them went from the towelcabinet to the rag bag .
 After a couple of washings , seams of towels were unraveling . They are also not very absorbsent . I should have listened to the reviews ; will from now on .
 These are the worst towels I have ever purchased . After one wash they are comming apart . Do not buy no matter what unless you need dog towels , or mop rags.They are truly horable . I boutht three sets one green , one blue and one taupe .
 These are rather average towels and certainly not as advertised . They are okay for everyday use but they are neither very absorbent nor all that soft . To me they are your average , run of the mill bath towel s . They also came with on towel slightly faded already and have already lost color after a few washes . The only positive are they are large and do the basic job they are designed for , drying off after a shower or bath .
 they will be great towels for you . I was impressed with the towels when I received them and after using them but after washing them twice they are falling apart . The towels are big , thick and absorbent but they are not well made . Not even worth the $ 19.99 I paid for them . I will pay more attention to reviews next time .
 I read all the reviews about shreds , figured , oh , it 's a cheap price , maybe it 'll work out , right ? Wrong . I washed these immediately upon receipt , and in the first wash , one hand towel is already shredding . A couple of other towels have a thread here and there coming off , but maybe those will be ok ? The shredded one , obviously wo n't . I am still optimistic that the remaining towels of the set will be ok , but the other reviews on here tell me that I should not get my hopes up . Well , meanwhile they are the softest towels that I own . I bought the brick towels , if that matters to anyone.UPDATE 5/23/2012
 For under $ 20 that 's what these are worth . NO bargain here . I always wash linens and clothes before I use them . There was more of the towel left in the lint filter than there was on the towel . I do n't expect these to last long . They should have stayed in China .
 I just received these towels , and washed them in preparation for use . Since they were cheap , I did not expect five star hotel quality , but I did expect them to be serviceable . About half of the set frayed immediately , and who knows how long they would last after use . I will never buy another textile from Amazon , textiles are of such uneven quality , that I will have to see exactly what I 'm getting before purchase .
 Why would anyone make a towel that does not absorb water ?????? These towels feel cold when you dry off and do not absorb water . I have read the reviews and did not do anything incorrect in washing them ! They just do n't hold water . They also shred ! Glad I got the cheaper rate , but I would n't get these again EVEN if they paid me to take them - well maybe , but to use them as rags !
 As long as you are expecting $ 20 towels and not $ 130 towels , maybe you wo n't be disappointed . These towels are not great quality , they look and feel okay , until you add water ! They wash poorly , fiber feels cheap on your skin , color changes and for towels that allegedly `` List price $ 130 '' , not a quality buy .
 Towels do not absorb water , it gets wet as soon as I use it . It feels like I am drying myself with a wet towel . I also wish that they would have put the length in the description of the towel , it is very long .
 The second time I washed these towels , the hem came unstitched and the towels frayed .
 These are simply cheap , both in price and quality . Unfortunately , brand new , these towels are worse than three year old towels that we purchased at TJ Max for $ 6 ea.Pros - They 're absorbent - Four sets only cost $ 60Cons - Lots of loose threads - Very poor quality on corners - VERY thin - Not very soft - Made specifically for Amazon -LRB- see label -RRB- - Bad smell - Lots of lint -LRB- more than usual for a new towel -RRB- In the end , I felt bad about having Amazon pay for return shipping on four sets so I washed and donated them . As far as I 'm concerned , the purchase was not worth $ 60 . In the future , I 'll continue to purchase high quality , low priced towels at TJ Max and/or Ross .
 Very soft but not sure why they do n't absorb water like my other towels.I 've washed twice since buying and do n't use fabric softener .
 I know these towels are inexpensive , but they became frayed after the first wash & dry . I used the cold washer setting and the lowest dryer heat setting . I would never buy this brand again . The only reason I bought them was due to high reviews which had never served me wrong before on Amazon ...
 These towels seemed nice when they arrived , but literally seem to be falling apart when laundered . Really disappointed with the purchase .
 I liked the texture of these towels , however , the seams along the edges are beginning to fray on both the big towels . I can fold them so they do n't look raggy hanging on the rack . I guess you get what you pay for !
 I washed the towels several times as mentioned in previous reviews , but I find that the absorption remains poor . Perhaps so many fibers prevent good penetration ? I would not purchase these towels again .
 I have never had a towel this bad ! After washing and drying there is more of the towel in the washer and dryer then you can imagen When I dry myself after a bath or shower there is towel lint in the tub and on me . I spend valuable time cleaning that up in the AM . Also this towel does not dry you off . It is not obsorbant I need one of my old towels to do the job and do not think this towel will dry your hair it is not happening . I am very disapointed no I am angry I spent a lot of money for 4 sets of these towels . Two of the sets fell apart ravelled in the wash leaving the side stitching hanging.I tell everyone I can Do not buy Pike Street Towels from Amizon all I can say is THEY ARE AWFUL !!!!! Susan Neipertdtmsfmaz@gmail.com
 i was super excited to get these towels when i placed the order . when i opened the package they felt soft and i was impressed until i went to use them and they are not all they 're cracked up to be . they do n't dry out my hair at all , the absorbancy of the towels is garbage . i was very disapppointed in the quality of the towels . Very soft but not absorbant at all .
 do n't touch these with a ten foot pole . they began to fall apart after the first wash .
 I purchased these towels on a whim , and when they arrived they looked and felt like they were very nice quality . When I washed them , the sides of the towels came apart and frayed to the point that I would not want to use them for anything but wiping up a spill . This purchase was very disappointing .
 These towels are not absorbent . We bought different colors and we were so dispappointed with the quality of the towels .
 Quality was generally as high as one would expect for the price . Material is nice . Sewing finish flawed on a corner of one towel . Manufacturer 's quality control should have caught .
 These seemed nice until they went through the first washing . Hems on two of the four towels came undone . By second washing all had begun to turn ragged . Not worth having to pay to send them back , but , honestly , even the cheapest towels from WalMart last longer . Unless you want colorful rags for washing your car , do n't bother .
 We have had these towels for almost a year and a half now and they still look great!The color , Heather , was n't the same as it was pictured but we kept them anyway as they felt great.They feel great and as I mentioned they have held up great to daily use but we are still disappointed in them.The towels just do not absorb water like they should.When you start to dry off the towels feels cold to the touch and that is the reason for only 2 stars.I have read where people say that you can not use fabric softners on them or they will not be absorbent.We have never used fabric softeners on them in either the washer or dryer so that is not the problem .
 The product sounded good but they do not absorb at all . I wish I never got them . A waste of money .
 -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000BIZWE0 Pike Street 100 % Egyptian Cotton 725-Gram 6-Piece Towel Set , PaleYes , the price looked good , so I ordered 2 sets . Looked good and felt good on arrival . I tried to use , without washing the towels first , and noticed that the towels just did not absorb water -- I could not even towel off water from my hair!So , I assumed they were chock-full of some softener and needed to be washed . Horror ! Starting to fold the towels after wash and dry , I noticed that both sets had edges all unravelling , so that large shreds of fiber and threads were hanging off them !! I do n't usually buy high-end towels , but I have never in my 50 years of towel purchases seen anything like that , not even after using towels several years!If the towel edges are not sealed or sown so that they hold together , the towels are simply unusable -- therefore , the purchase price is wasted.I would have given this product `` 0 '' but I guess I can use them as cleaning rags , while trimming off shreds after each use ...
 I purchased two sets - one for my use and one for a gift . The towels arrived with a strong solvent odor so I washed immediately . The towels were not absorbant at all and they had pulls after two washes.Luckily , the gift was for my son who told me he was not happy with the towels either . I would not recommend this product .
 I was disappointed in these towels . They do feel cold , as other reviewers have said . I had read that , but had never experienced towels that ` felt cold ' . I 'm guessing that they are loaded with some softener and so do n't absorb water well . This seems odd for Egyptian cotton.The price seemed too good to be true . $ 24.99 for six Egyptian cotton towels ? It was .
 Looks good and feels thick and awesome price . You would thinks it will be an great towel for drying . It was a disappointment . At least I did not pay much for this product .
 I bought these towels for the guest bathroom . They were washed only after guests used them , so approximately 10-15 times . They started falling apart after a few washes , and the edges are all frayed . We have towels we use daily that get washed weekly that have lasted for several years and have no fraying whatsoever . I would not recommend this product .
 I THOUGHT THESE WOULD BE REALLY GOOD TOWELS BUT AFTER THE FIRST WASH THE EDGES STARTED TO UNRAVEL AND LOOK HORRIBLE !
 i bought these towels in 2009 but did n't use them until 2010 . these towels were so nonabsorbent even after multiple washings , i finally threw them away . I could n't even in good conscience donate them to Goodwill . when my parents came to visit and used them , my father said they were like trying to dry off with a plastic bag . do not buy .
 I never have used a towel that did n't absorb SOME water , but these defy physics in that they are fabric but are incapable of absorption ! They must be made of teflon or nylon . I ca n't believe they are `` Egyptian Cotton '' since cotton has absorbancy . Needless to say , they have been relinquished to our dog 's bed for padding - luckily she does n't have urinary accidents or else we would n't use them for her either .
 Although these towels look nice , they are not absorbent . After a few uses , we have started using them to clean the kitchen floor .
 The quality in these towels is such a shame , as i had hopes they would be worth their original price , not the sale price i grabbed them for on black friday . Unfortunately i barely see these worth that price . The edges are fraying after washing them twice , gently and they were never really fluffy . I think i 'll demote these to rags in our house . Their absorbency is beyond lacking , the water sticks to the surface .
 When I received these , they were pretty nice , and they are soft , but about half had threads missing and they all had several loose threads around the sides that needed to be cut , so they will begin fall apart after a few washings . Fine for me , but my girlfriend will complain .
 The bad news is
 After only 2 washings , the towels are unraveling at the edges . The manufacturer obviously cares nothing about quality .
 The towels are really soft and absorbent but they shed like crazy . I 've only washed them once so I 'll just have to see how they hold up after a few more washes .
 Just two points . . the fibers come out and not as absorbent . You need to wash these a few times before they do not shed all over you and become somewhat more of a towel . Else it is good for the beach or just sitting on
 I purchased two of these chairs for my living room . Visually , I found them very attractive and they look quite nice in the room . Sitting in them is another story . These chairs are very uncomfortable ! First the seat cushion are hard , like concrete . You might as well be sitting on the floor . So I went to the expense of refilling them with new , custom padding . Cost me $ 50 each . That problem was solved , but the backs of these chairs are too upright . You almost have the feeling of falling forward when sitting in them . So I changed out the back cushions and replaced them with something softer , with a bit more `` give '' . It helped , but I 'm still not thrilled with how the chairs feel.I contacted the seller to see if I could return them -LRB- prior to replacing the cushions -RRB- and never received a reply . So I 'm stuck with them and although they look nice , I would n't recommend them to anyone .
 So UNCOMFORTABLE !!!!!! Hard cushion , paid to replace it and it is still uncomfortable :-LRB- -LRB- do n't buy this you will be sorry , I am .
 I have owned several Rowenta irons in the past . I have loved them all except this one . It started leaking within five weeks after we received it . It irons OK but it leaks now and this is just not acceptable for an iron that cost this much . If you want a good iron , go to Target and if it does n't function properly you can alway return it for full refund . According to Amazon , I can not get a refund .
 This is the worst iron I have ever owned . I am a quilter and I have to use spray starch in order to get this thing to even press a seam properly on cotton and the temperature is set on high ! If you have a cotton article of clothing that is just ever so slightly wrinkled . . forget about it . Do n't waste your money . I happened to mention to 2 other quilters about my Rowenta and they said they had them in the past and they were not happy with them at all and would never own one again . I just bought a Panasonic cordless and I love it !! Good bye Rowenta forever !! If I could , I would give this no stars !
 UPS also muffed delivery of this item so I 'll never know whether it was nice or not .
 I have had one Rowenta iron , and that was enough . I call them `` tee-tee '' irons because the one I had peed -LRB- leaked -RRB- on my clothes every time that my husband and I used it.So , if you want an iron that leaks , or pees on your clothes , buy a Rowenta . If not , try a Euro Pro , especially one that has a steam station . Ours has lasted longer than any iron that we have had -- YEARS .
 I had heard that Rowenta was a great brand of iron to buy so I splurged and spent more than I have ever spent on an iron , thinking that I was getting a really good product . WRONG ! The heating element burned out one year to the date of purchase . Luckily , it was still covered under the warranty so they repaired it . But one year from the time of the repair -LRB- only 2 years from purchase -RRB- , the iron suddenly went hot , burned through a new shirt and started on fire . I only used this iron once or twice a week , so it 's not like it was used excessively . I will never buy a Rowenta again . They are over priced and my experience is that they are no better than lower priced brands .
 I have had this iron for a year or two , and it is very irritating that it turns itself off while I am ironing !! And it leaks ! I loved it when it was new , but it has not lasted nearly long enough for what I paid -LRB- a lot more than $ 50 -RRB- . It also seems to take forever to heat up . One thing about the Rowenta irons -- you must use tap water , but if your water has too much of this or that , it will cause problems . But if you use distilled water , it WILL leak for sure , within about 6 usings .
 I got this iron and when I purchased a faulty Rowenta ironing board , the iron fell off and the sole plate bent . Rowenta replaced the ironing board and iron but the replacement ironing board wobbles and that caused the replacement iron to fall off and guess what ... bent sole plate ! I have had many irons fall over the years , either off the shelf or off the ironing board ... this is the first iron I have ever had that the sole plate bent ! Stick to a less expensive iron . It is not worth the money for this one . Of course the falling off the defective ironing board also caused the iron to leak .
 We enjoyed this iron for about a month . It fell off the ironing board and landed on a vinyl floor . The base cracked across the entire width of the iron underneath the handle . Rowenta 's response ? ` Even if it fell three inches the wrong way , it can crack . It 's not a defect , so it 's your problem . ' My response was ... if this were a 19.99 Sunbeam Wal-Mart special , I would agree . But for a 90 dollar Rowenta ? That 's unacceptable . I was told to send it in at my expense and pay to have it repaired . I told them forget it , I 'll just let everyone know about their wonderful product and customer support .
 Do n't bother getting this iron . It has always been difficult to use because my knuckles would touch the heat control knob , causing it to change temp . Water level goes down fast and the surface of the iron has taken on stains . Now the thing leaks when not in use . I tried to write Rowenta about it on-line , but the menus for their site move the text area down further and further , so you ca n't hit the `` send '' button . So I called ... . talked to Rowenta , asked if this model has any recall or history of problems . They wo n't provide any help if the unit is over one year , in this case it 's under two years old . Too bad really , our first Rowenta lasted at least a dozen years . Guess we 'll find another brand .
 My husband purchased this iron about a year ago . We liked how sleek it was . One pass over the garment knocked the wrinkles out with ease and the steam feature was like no other iron we 've had before . The iron was a bit heavy , but glided effortlessly over the clothes . I noticed we had to add water quite frequently , but thought it was normal because of the high intense steam it emits . After about a month , it started leaking all over our clothes and ironing board . The L.E.D -LRB- Red/Yellow/Green -RRB- display started malfunctioning . In the middle of ironing , it would change from red to yellow , then green , then back to yellow . The temperature was not constant . The straw that broke the camel 's back was when the iron just stopped working . This happened about a year after we purchased it . I pulled out my old Black & Decker iron and that 's what we 've been using for the past 3 weeks . Funny thing is I plugged in the Rowenta just to see if it would start working again and it came on and got hot . Not sure if there is a short in the cord or what the problem is , but what I need is an iron that works all the time , not intermittently . Any suggestions out there on a possible replacement ?
 I am about to send back this iron for the 3rd time , when they send the shipping label . The customer service rep says they are new irons each time , but I doubt it.The irons drip , no matter what type of water I use . This gets the clothes wet and the ironing board cover wet . It is hard to finish a couple of hours of ironing because the board cover gets wet and I have to stop until it dries or it keeps getting the clothes wet.Very frustrating .
 First time using this iron and creates large water leaks out of the bottom metal plate when I press steam .
 I think all the glowing reviews about this iron must be from people who have only owned it for a short time . I LOVED this iron while it worked -- which was for all of about six months . Now water POURS out of it every time I plug it in . This is not a leak , it 's a full-on deluge , and the iron is useless . Ridiculous , considering the amount I paid for it . Do n't waste your money .
 I am sure Rowenta makes good iron but I now feel that amazon may be gets the worse of the lot and sells it online . Any electrical and electronic products that I have bought recently just does not work the way it should . Water leaks through this and I have burned myself with the steam so many times . I doubt that Rowenta 's product and bad but I somehow feel that Amazon gets this rejected stuff from manufacturer and sells them online on the site .
 My husband and I loved this iron - the design , the numerous steam holes , the way it glided over fabrics - and then , the LEAKING began . Profuse leaking . It started after approximately one year - we would find huge puddles of water under the iron on our counter where we left it over night . It would spill puddles on to clothing after a few minutes of use . Please , understand
 This iron worked wonderfully at first . It is quite hot and produces a lot of steam . However , after 7 months of use , it leaks . I have been filling it below the full line in hopes to avoid the leaking problem . Unfortunately , this has not helped and it only seems to be getting worse . It leaves large pools of water on my ironing board and when I pick it up to use more water comes out and falls all over my fabric . I would never recommend this iron to anyone!Edit -LRB- 12/20/10 -RRB- : In October I sent my iron in for repair due to the leaking problems . It spent 2 months at the repair center without any word from the center or Rowenta . I called today for a second time to check the status and learned that it was not able to be repaired and an order was placed on 12/16/10 for a new iron . I called Rowenta to obtain a ETA for my new iron and learned it would take 7-14 business days to ship and it had not been shipped yet . Since my new iron does not come with a 1 year warranty like my original iron and it has been over a year since I purchased my iron , I only have a 90 day warranty that begins as soon as it is shipped from their warehouse . I am incredibly disappointed with iron and the customer service . It will be over three months I have been without my iron and I do not have much faith that my replacement will perform any better . Especially with the short warranty period . Invest your money on a better iron !
 I have owned this iron for 14 months . It began leaking recently and is now too leaky to iron with . I have used bottled spring water and been careful to take care of the iron according to the manual . This is not a quality iron that will last you . I would not recommend this to anyone.It gets two stars instead of one because when it did work properly , it was an excellent iron . It is just aggravating that this iron lasted 12 or 14 months and my last iron was a Target $ 29 special and lasted me ten years .
 I was really looking forward to my new iron . Unfortunately , the indicator lights did not work -LRB- yellow for heating up , green for right temp , red for too hot for setting -RRB- . When I tried using it anyway , it was nice and hot , with lots of steam , but it also leaked all over the place . Oh well ... back to my search .
 I bought this iron about six months ago . Recently , I noticed that my iron is sitting in a puddle of water in my cupboard every time I go to use it . I decided to do some searching online and I found that this must be a common problem with the Rowenta Focus . Today , I got my gumption up and called Rowenta 's customer service number . I explained to the representative that I was n't that crazy about mailing my iron to another state for repair because I need my iron . He rudely said , `` Well , what do you expect us to do ? '' I was shocked ! I hung up and am left sad and soggy . : o -LRB-
 I read reviews of this iron that reported the iron leaked but thought there had been a bad batch , since the review was a while back . I received my iron and on the first use it leaked when using steam , and when pressing the `` burst of steam '' button , water streamed from under the soleplate at the top of the iron . Since my purchase was past 30 days by the time I used it , I had to return it to Rowenta . I will have to wait to see if they repair or replace it and if this solves the problem or not . I 'm not optimistic about the outcome at this point !
 I have a Rowenta DZ5080 iron that cost too much for a junk iron . For 6 months now it has leaked and spit water all over my clothes . -LRB- just google the name and read the reviews . -RRB- I am sorry to say I am far from alone with this problem.So far , I have not had the many fire problems as reported . The Mfg. has no cust.service so it seems . I plan to take my loss and throw this year old iron away before its too late . B. Taylor 11/15/10
 The iron did exactly what I bought it for . Until it broke 2 months after the warranty expired . The Rowenta service department offered me a $ 5 to $ 20 rebate depending on the iron I would purchased . I view this as unacceptable for an iron costing more than $ 90 . Save your money and purchase a cheaper iron . The added cost does not make sense when you have to purchase a new iron so soon .
 I love everything about this iron other than the placement of the `` easy to use '' precision dial . It may be too easy to use . I brush it with my hand * every * time I reach for the iron and guess what , it changes the setting I 'm on . Oh , I forgot to mention there 's a handle in front of the dial , so if you want to double check what setting your own , be prepared to put your face close to it , and read at an angle.I have n't thrown it in the trash -- the results from ironing are phenomenal . I 've just been frustrated one to many times and needed to let other consumers know about the major pitfall of this iron .
 I purchased this iron 2-6-2011 . I have used it 3 or 4 times and this past week it would not turn on . I did all the things that the Rowenta website suggested and no luck it was not working . This Iron was a big disappointment . I purchased it due to the name and durability that I had heard about . Now all I can do is send it to a repair center . Rowenta website gives a list of places to contact . and of course none of them are in or around Iowa . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 I purchased this Rowenta less than a year ago ... it is my second Rowenta in the last three years . I love them at first but they do not last for the price you pay . The first one started staining clothes . This DZ5080 just started leaking water all over the place . Not just a drip but leaking so much the whole ironing board was soaked . What is happening to the reputation of this once giant in its ' field ? I just purchased a T-fal for $ 40 so am hoping it last longer ...
 My wife has had two Rowenta 's now . Each one has lasted a year or so . Unacceptable . They are good iorns , she says , but why pay this much money for such poor reliability .
 I loved this iron right up until the 18 month mark . Then it started leaking all over my clothes , saturating the ironing board with water , even when it was off in the upright position . -LRB- If you read enough Rowenta reviews you will see that they are notorious for developing leaks . -RRB- I give it a 1 due to its short life-span for relatively high cost . I have a $ 20 Sunbeam from Walmart that is 6 years old and does n't leak . You are going to read reviews that make this sound like the best iron ever and that is precisely how I felt , but now I feel ripped of and rightfully so for assuming that its German construction was some how superior to my made in China Sunbeam .
 I 've had this iron a little over a year and up until one incident was completely satisfied with it . One day last week after ironing , all of a sudden the iron started smoking profusely . The iron started to burn and melt - it was a miracle that I was not injured . Rowenta customer support stated they had never had this problem reported before -LRB- of course not ! -RRB- , and the best they can do was to send me a $ 15 gift certificate towards a new iron . I do n't feel comfortable using them again , especially seeing reviews on the DZ9080 model as having this same dangerous problem .
 I bought this iron for my wife for Christmas a year and a half ago after reading all of its glowing reviews . Sure enough , it looked beautiful and worked well except for the occasional water leaks . Sadly the leaking started to grow progressively worse and now less than 18 months later the iron no longer holds water and has shorted out . I thought irons were one of those things that lasted for 10 + years when you bought a nice one . If that is also your expectation , this is probably not your iron .
 I do n't know if I qualify to write a review since I picked up my Rowenta Focus DZ5080 at a rummage sale . I was thrilled to come across this iron in perfect -LRB- I thought -RRB- condition as I was helping to set up our church rummage sale last week . Macy 's was even advertizing it in their current circular ! What a find ! I have been using and loving it ... until today . This iron must be one of those that leaks right there by the cord . The cover on my old fashioned wooden ironing board is soaked . I would go buy a new Focus but it seems that leaking is a common problem with this iron . Rowenta , are you listening ???
 I purchased the Rowenta DZ5080 to replace a Made in China Rowenta with the idea that `` you get what you pay for '' . The German made Rowenta performed as expected of a quality German made product with precision and high performance . Great steam . Great Heat . Precision handling around buttons and ironing my 100 % cotton oxford shirts with ease . One year and one month after purchase , I notice the power light started to flicker on and off . Then I noticed the power light was on or off with the position of the the handle . What had happened was the power cable had developed a break near the base of the iron where it flexes with each movement of the iron . Since the warranty on the Rowenta Iron is 1 year , I 'm `` SOL '' . With nothing to lose , I opened the back panel of the Rowenta and rewired the iron . The saddest part about taking the iron apart , I notice a component of the German made iron had a part with `` Made in China '' stamped on it . I wonder where the cord is manufactured ... I ` am at a point where I should buy a `` cheap '' black and decker iron and use it until it craps out and then just dispose of it and get another . The `` German '' made Rowenta disappoints . Rowenta , quit selling your reputation for cheap cost cutting measures . Be engineers of your legacy .
 First and foremost . It only lasted 2 years . So much for German engineering . You can read all about the short lives of Rowenta on the internet . Wish I would have been more savy.Secondly , there is no way to turn it off . You have to unplug it , to turn on and off.Will never buy another Rowenta .
 I 'm so disappointed in the Rowenta Focus iron . Since I 'm a quilter and I use the iron almost daily , I really wanted a good steam iron and thought this one would be it ... wrong ... it leaks all over ! I constantly have water spots on my cover -LRB- which , incidently is also a Rowenta -RRB- , even if I hardly have any water in it.It also seems to run out of steam fast . At first I just thought . . well , I must have really got a lemon ... my husband has told me it needs to go back to the store.This is the first negitive review I 've ever written ; but I thought people should know and beware .
 I had heard of Rowenta irons some years ago and always felt that they were `` top of the line '' in irons . Thus , when I needed a new iron , I ordered the one from you . Much to my dismay , the iron did a very poor job of properly ironing linen clothing , of which I have a large amount , being a resident of New Orleans ! Also , much to my chagrin , it SPAT water , even at high levels of heat.Thank you for your prompt service in handling this return ... Diana Parham
 It was necessary for me to send the iron to Rowenta authorized service in Illinois . I only used the product twice and both times it leaked water . I had to pay for shipping the product back for repair/replacement . It will take two plus weeks for the iron to be returned to me . Hence my satisfaction rating is quite unsatisfied . I thought Rowenta was a quality product and my purchase was at the high end , not an in-expensive iron .
 I 've been using this iron for almost a year and every time it ruins my day . I had Rowenta irons before and thought Rowenta knows all there is to know about irons . Well , with this one they must have outsourced the design team to a country unfamiliar with ironing . How else can one explain the ridiculous , unnecessary design flaws plaguing this model . From the trivial problems like the temperature control wheel under the handle being so light to touch that I reset temperature every time I grab the handle , and by contrast the water filling trap door is so tight it hurts to open it , to the main problem which is the steam . Steam is supposed to be good but this is a perfect example of too much of a good thing . The iron 's description boasts a `` generous '' container for water , well they need it because with its 300000 holes it produces a generous amount of steam . And though the steam control looks like the one on other models , unlike on my previous model it does n't stay in intermediate positions , it 's all or nothing . Since , ironing without steam has pretty much no effect , you have to accept enveloping yourself in clouds of scalding steam . So unless you are into historically accurate impersonations of 19 century laundresses in the South , you might want to put off your ironing till October . With this prodigious amount of steam the iron runs out of water every few shirts . I had to train myself to flip the steam control every time I lift up the iron in order to minimize the uncomfortable heat and to make the water last a little longer.Worst of all it ruined a lot of my clothes in a devious way . My ironing board has a metal bar on the wide side which I find handy to hang ironed clothes awaiting a trip to the closet . With the new iron I started getting rusty stains on the shoulders of hung clothes . Not only I had to rewash them , but most of the stains did n't come off . It appeared that the insane amount of steam corroded my ironing board , condensed on the underside and leaked onto the hanging clothes.I never had any of these problems with my previous irons which incidentally also cost less .
 Had great hopes for this iron when I purchased it , even having read some of the poor reviews . Have used ONLY Rowenta irons for many years ... the less expensive ones ... and hoped that this high-priced one would be that much better . Wrong ! It worked well enough for the first couple weeks ; the pointy nose seemed to get into much smaller spaces , and one filling generally did my ironing for the week . BUT ... it soon started cutting offpower and was cold while I was ironing ! After couple times of this , I decided to send it back for one with NO AUTO OFF , which is now costing $ 20 . more than this one . Am hoping the new one works as it 's supposed to .
 this iron is not all they say it is . the cord consistanly gets in the way when you set the iron upright , your fingers hit the temp dial because it is in the wrong place -LRB- not enough space from handle to dial -RRB- , constantly refilling water . when low on water iron dies not iron as quickly it forces you to refill again ... one full tank will allow you to iron two shirts . when done ironing if there is water left in tank it is difficult to empty . product not worth the $ 79.00 i paid . would not reccomend this product .
 I bought this iron in December of last year thinking it was worth it to spend the money on a good iron , hoping it would outlast at least 3 cheap irons . In May it broke . The auto shutoff seems to have malfunctioned , and the iron wo n't turn back on after the shutoff has been tripped . I bought this specific version of Rowenta because it was n't plagued with the auto shutoff problems of the others , but it 's not true.In short , this then $ 90 iron lasted 5 months . Our $ 20 Black and Decker iron was the backup , and continues to iron after 3 years . I 'm not saying that a cheaper iron is the way to go , I 'm just saying DO N'T BUY THIS IRON .
 This iron produces a lot of steam and irons well.Beyond that , Rowenta is a disaster!After about a year , it has started leaking profusely from the bottom , after it is shut off . So , whatever you leave it sitting on will be soaked about 1/2 hr . after you walk away.I called Rowenta customer service and got the worst run-around I 've ever experienced . The woman insisted that if we are not using just-the-right hardness of water , we can not expect it to hold water . I told her I was using regular municipal tap water , per the instructions . She asked me `` how many grains of hardness is your water ? '' Huh ? How should I know ? Do I need to have my water tested before I buy a rowenta iron?I insisted on having her supervisor call me . She said the sup . would call back and likely tell me the same thing . I 'm not expecting any satisfaction.Update
 Lots of steam and hot fast . The steam amount is not adjustable -LRB- only on or off -RRB- . It sometimes drips water . Maybe I received a defective unit.After less than one year , water leaked profusely from the baseplate . I do not recommend this iron .
 i would give it negative points if i could ... summary
 I loved this iron up until the day it started leaking and would shut off automatically . I 'm not an iron expert but for the price I expected better .
 After reading all of the great reviews , we purchased this iron to replace our old duct taped version . It was great until it stopped working 13 months later . Of course , Rowenta would do nothing about it since it was outside of the 12 month window . I 'd rather buy the cheap versions if I 'm going to have to replace it every year and a half . This was absolutely not worth the money .
 let me start by saying that I love to IRON ! Now that we have that on the table , this is my second and FINAL Rowenta Iron . It was also expensive , it was also nice at first , and it also decided to lose it 's mind and stop working indiscriminately in the middle of ironing and shut off ... too much money , time and patience for me ! I had an old Rowenta back when they made products that were worthwhile , but alas ... those days are gone ... gone with the days of good washing machines that load from the top and actually get white laundry clean on the first wash ... ah , the good old days ... good bye Rowenta ... you 'll not be missed !
 It is light and steams nicely . However mine developed a leak after a few months . After about ten minutes after turning it on it leaks . Whenever I put it down on the ironing board it leaves a puddle , and drips across the piece I am working on . This is the second one I have had and am very disappointed in it . I called rowenta . They told me that I had to wait to let the water warm up when replacing it . I would never get ironing done . It is awful and `` customer service '' is awful also .
 I bought this pricey iron last year and will be throwing it in the trash tomorrow . I bought it to replace a Rowenta I purchased about 10 years ago . I was n't too impressed with that one either but it was one of their less expensive models , so I decided to try again . At first I was so impressed with its colored signals , but after about 4 months I noticed that it was taking longer and longer to heat . Shortly after that , it would no longer steam and now just piddles all over my garment when I press the steam button . The iron immediately switches to the shut-off feature once the proper heat is obtained - even though the iron is moving . By the time movement switches the iron back on , it has already cooled and has to reheat . It was become completely nonfunctional , taking an extended amount of time to heat , staying at the proper heat for approximately 2 seconds , then shutting down . Tomorrow I will be buying another iron and after being disappointed twice with Rowenta , I will be purchasing another brand .
 The water container is leaking and a lot . Otherwise it 's a very good steam iron . I read people still use it even when leaking . It can be very dangerous . When the iron rests in the up position all that water leaks on the electric wires , so be careful to not be electrocuted . I would not recommend this product .
 This iron has no steam control . It is either full blast or off , nothing inbetween . It stains the clothes with brown water streaks . It has such power it often burns hands and fingers when pressing for sewing needs . If you are a home sewer or need to iron good garments do not buy this iron .
 After 6 months of quite light use use -LRB- no children in household -RRB- , iron has started leaking like a sieve . And to make matters worse , has symbol on side of iron saying `` anti-drip '' . Still under warranty , but this means sending it off to service center and doing without iron for who knows how long .
 I 've had this model for approximately 3-4 years . At first it was great . Produced lots of steam , even to the point of having to refill it after ironing only 4 shirts . But now , even after many attempts to clean it , trying different types of water and making sure it is hot enough , it POURS water out the base when I pick it up . It makes no difference how much water is in the reservoir . After I 'm done , it continues to leak as it sits on the ironing board . Thankfully , it has n't stained any clothes , but I 'm definately replacing it ! -LRB- And yes , it was made in Germany . -RRB-
 My wife wanted to have a nice iron for her quilting and sewing needs . Rowenta has always had a good name . Many quilter love their performance and reliability . So we ordered this iron . Upon receiving it , my wife read the instructions cover to cover so she would n't damage it . After plugging it in , she realized that something was different from what the instructions described . The indicator lights were not working properly . The iron would not come back on after it automatically shut itself off . The only way to get it back on was to unplug it and replug it again . However , the problems persisted . We sent it back to Amazon who promptly sent us another one . The second one was even worse . Upon opening the box , my wife discovered the water measuring cup was split practically in half . Two of the three colored lights did n't work and the iron stayed heated after it automatically shut off . We really think that someone at Amazon sent us a used iron . The sole plate did n't have the plastic protective cover on it and the sole had minor scratches . We immediately boxed it back together and returned it to Amazon for a full refund . Rowenta had it 's chance but my wife chose to go back to a less expensive iron with less bell and whistles ; one that at least works . Buyer Beware !!!
 I purchased this iron about a year ago and was skeptical at the time because many reviews stated that the iron leaked . I went ahead and purchased it anyway thinking that after so many complaints of leaking the company might have corrected the design problem . WRONG ! . 3 months after I purchased the iron the iron started to leak on and off . I thought it might be condesation from the steam so I let it go for another 6 months and the leak just got worse . It is very frustrating to stain your garment from a leaking iron , rewash and re-iron . I finally had enough and contacted Rowenta they gave me a repair authorization and I sent the iron for repair . The day the iron came back , I started to use it and the leak was worse than when it went in for repair . I called the repair shop they told me to bring it back so I did . They kept the iron for a week shipped it back to me . The day I got it back it worked fine for about one load of laundry and it started leaking again . I do n't know if I just got a lemon or this is the quality of Rowenta . I had a cheaper version that lasted about 2 years and started to leak as well thus , the reason to purchase this particular iron . When I purchased the Rowenta Focus the price was $ 150.00 , not a cheap iron by any means . I have given up on Rowenta and just purchased a Panasonic Cordless . I hope this new iron will do the work and will not leak . I will post my review for the Panasonic . I do a lot of ironing , dress shirts , linens , etc. . . I was hoping the Rowenta would be everything that I always hoped for in an iron , however , all I was left with is disappointment .
 Expensive does not guarantee superior performance . Before I ordered the Rowenta DZ5080 I had purchased a T-Fal Ultraglide in August but much to my dismay , it is already leaking which prompted me to but the Rowenta iron in September . After using the NEW Rowenta for a couple of weeks , it too is leaking and it is worse than the T-Fal was . The iron gums up easily and does not like spray starch . The iron leaves large spots of water on the clothes . There is so much water leakage that it leaves puddles of water on the floor and the ironing board cover soaking wet . My old cheaper Black & Decker does not leak after many many years of service . Less is definitely more when it comes product satisfaction . My ONLY recommendation for this product would be DO N'T waste your money !
 After reading all the glowing reviews about Rowenta Irons we purchased this model in Nov. 06 . Granted we paid a lot of money for this product , about twice the price of a highly rated Black & Decker , but we expected superior quality . Well the other night the iron started acting funny , inadvertently turning on and off . Well low and behold it appears that the power cord has an internal break . This is not a simple replacement , my guess would be close to half the cost of the original price . A call to Rowenta Customer Service fell on deaf ears . The original one year warranty has expired . We 're going out now to buy a Black & Decker for half the price that would probably last a lot longer than the Rowenta.Save your MONEY and do n't buy the Rowenta !
 My old Rowenta was a solid workhorse . Unfortunately the plug cracked and I have not found someone to replace it . I figured since I had a great experience with my first Rowenta I would purchase another.From the very first use , I was not happy . It heats up too hot and melted the blouse I wanted to iron . If it isnt set at the minimal low setting to get steam it sticks on the clothes and before you know it you have melted material . I think the only material it has not messed up is jeans.I should have returned this iron after the first use , but my busy husband tossed the box and receipts the day I got it and of course it was trash pick up day.I will now look for another brand of iron to replace this one . I do prefer one that heats up fast and has great steam but to ruin clothes as much as this one did they lost me as a customer . Think very thoroughly if you have delicate clothes to iron and are entertaining the thought to purchase this one . Along with the receipt for the iron I wish I had the receipts for the clothes ruined and I would have sent the package to Rowenta for a refund .
 I really like this iron and have used it for at least 4 years . However , water must have leaked into the handle where the cable attaches to the iron itself and burst into flames . Luckily , nobody was injured . This iron had cut my `` average '' ironing time by close to half . Now , I seriously doubt we will spend $ 100 for a Rowenta . None of the cheapy charlies I had bought before ever burst into flames . I will not recommend this appliance to anybody .
 I 've purchased and used the Rowenta DZ5080 Focus since March 2010 . It performed very well for the first 11 months or so , then started a slow leak somewhere near the baseplate . Now at 14 months , it POURs from the baseplate . Unlike what others may think , it was never overfilled , and I only began ironing once it had heated up -LRB- the yellow light disappears -RRB- . I truly liked the product initially , but have to give it a 1-star rating because of its very short life span . As a comparison , my old Black & Decker lasted years without any issues -LRB- although its performance was lower than the Rowenta -RRB- . For those of you who believe there is a quality difference between irons manufactured in Germany vs. China -- mine was manufactured in Germany .
 Would give this a negative rating if possible . They changed the electronics and the LED readouts a few months back without altering the model name . The LEDs are no longer on the rotating dial , coinciding with this revision 's terrible leakage problem . Went through 5 irons from 2 stores before we gave up on this particular model . Two separate employees at Bed Bath and Beyond said all the irons were ` coming back ' because they all leaked , but not happening with the cheaper or more expensive models . Same thing at Macy 's . Hours before we arrived to return our second iron , another customer had just returned her second iron . Appears that the iron becomes hot , and then does n't maintain the temperature
 I have the same problem with the Rowenta auto-shutoff as several other reviewers on amazon and elsewhere . Bought a Rowenta iron in Aug ' 07 . The autoshutoff started kicking in even when the iron was in use . Suddenly during use , iron shuts off and red light begins to blink . Only way to restart - switch on and off OR bang it down hard sideways on the ironing board -LRB- `` gentle sideways shaking '' recommended by the manual does n't cut it -RRB- . Then 15-20 seconds later - same problem.Returned and got a replacement in Sept ' 07 . Autoshutoff broke again again in May ' 08 . Out of 90 days return/replace policy - so seller wo n't return OR replace . Only option to send to Rowenta service center prepaid and wait for 2-3 weeks for it to come back.Better toss and buy a different brand . WITH extended warranty this time . Oh well ... No more Rowenta EVER .
 This was our second and last Rowenta iron . Both models we purchased ended up leaking everywhere after about a year of use and just out of date of the warranty . I just expected an $ 80 iron to have a better life span and it really is too bad because when it was n't leaking everywhere it did a great job .
 -LSB- update 2/7/13 -RSB- I ended up keeping this iron and while it is excellent at its job - ironing - it continues to leak massive quantities of water onto the ironing board . Maddeningly , sometimes it does , sometimes it does n't , and I can not tell WHY it does - or does n't . If I knew what to do differently to prevent it from leaking , I would do that . My ironing board cover is DISGUSTING - all stained . But aside from that , the iron does a pretty good job . -LSB- / end of update -RSB- I bought this on October 17th , received it about a week later but did n't take it out of the box and use it until yesterday -LRB- December 27th -RRB- . I wish I had used it sooner so I could return it to amazon.com - a nice customer service person told me he 'd give me a return label , but it 's up to customer service whether they take it back . Fingers crossed!The iron worked really well for the first 24 hours of heavy use -LRB- I do my ironing in huge batches about twice a year ! -RRB- . I had no complaints except that it is not optimal on linen or linen/cotton blends , it does n't seem to get all the wrinkles out . And even the hottest setting does n't seem all that hot.BUT ... the biggest problem came today when I started another marathon ironing session . All of a sudden , the iron is leaking all over the ironing board . It is supposed to stay on for 8 minutes in the upright position . It seems to turn off , and when the water well is full , it leaks . And , while using it , my hand was getting wet as it dripped all over.Later , it stopped doing that ... so it seems intermittent -LRB- maybe it 's the auto on/off feature , I 'm not sure -RRB- ... but now it is leaking onto my clothes AS I iron.I 'm really disappointed . I 'll hope to exchange it for another one from amazon.com but ... I was expecting better after all the 5-star reviews on this site .
 These irons do n't last . My 2nd one just went in a little over a year . Same with the first . I would n't be upset if this was a $ 30 iron , but come on folks ! I liked it when it worked , but it 's just not a reliable appliance . If you are thinking of buying Rowenta , you need to go into the purchase knowing you 'll be back for another one in a little more than a year . I am a single guy , so over use is definitely not the problem ! I will probably end up buying a 3rd one just because I love it when it works . Kinda like owning a forgein sports car !
 I 've wanted to replace my old iron for years and finally broke down and went for the Rowenta Focus . It 's going back today . I did n't have a problem with leaking , but the LED which is supposed to turn green when the iron is ready based on the temperature you select on the dial glows red at all times . I was ironing a white cotton comforter cover and was scared that I would burn it because I could n't tell how hot the iron was . I do n't know , maybe mine is defective but I was n't impressed with the functionality at all . My old one that I probably paid less than $ 20 for works better than this one . I 'm going to try the Panasonic cordless .
 I took a chance , spending a lot more than I normally would on an iron . I figured `` Made in Germany '' so it must be quality . Within a couple weeks , the ironing plate began to burn and although I have tried to clean it , it continues to happen . I do n't know if the iron gets too hot , or the stainless steel plate is at fault , but i 'm ironing standard cotton garments . Once the plate is burned , it can no longer go over clothes smoothly and leaves brown marks on clothing from the scorched plate . Additionally , the adjustment wheel is so loose , that you continuously hit it with your fingers while holding the iron - an annoyance , but not a deal breaker.Stick with a non-stick plate , and forget about Rowenta . Apparently Germany has lowered their standards ...
 These glasses are clear glass . There is no hint of blue , or any color or variation -- just plain glass . Also , another reviewer said you got two for this price , but that is not true . It looks as if they originally came in sets of two , but they have been removed from the sets and repackaged in bubblewrap . -LRB- On the outside of each box
 We purchased two of these chairs for Christmas for our twins . Both of them deflated within minutes . What are the chances of two of them being defective ? We were very disapointed . We went back and purchased the Dora fold out couches . More money , but durable and better quality .
 my 2 year old loves the looks of the chair and all , but it always flips over when she tries to get in it w/out my help . It does stay inflated well though .
 I ca n't take the smell of the plastic on this chair - it is really bad . I 've tried everything to mask it but no luck .
 The chair is a lot of fun . However , it deflates within one day and becomes very unstable for little ones .
 I had reason to try these openers right away , and they did n't work at all . They recommend you place one on the counter , with the jar on top of it , and then use either the cone-shaped opener or another flat one to open the jar . I tried every combination of these , and nothing worked , so I ended up returning them.UPDATE
 I put this item -LRB- set of 3 jar openers -RRB- in my shopping cart , then continued with my shopping . It was in my cart for maybe 2 hours . When I was ready to check out I got a notice that the price had increased by almost a dollar ! Does n't sound like much but it 's about a 20 % increase . That is not OK with me so I wo n't be buying this item .
 This is NOT a Victorinox . This product is exactly like the $ 9.95 NEW , 13 Inch Long Wall-Mount Magnetic Knife Holder , Wall-Mount Tool Holder , Magnetic Knife Strip , w/Three -LRB- 3 -RRB- Hanging HooksWhy did I pay $ 30.00 for this one ? I am returning .
 i ordered 4 sets ... when we got them in we washed them and they unravelled around the edges - so i sent them back and the second set did the same thing . . so i am returning them for a credit to my card ... sorry for the bad news ...
 I bought two sets for my new place and did not open them until last week . I washed them in cold water as directed.The towels came out torn up and the threads shredded . I throw them in the dryer and 20-minutes later , the dryer warning buzzer went off . I opened the lint trap and it was about 1/2 inch of lint . That evening , I used the towel to dry my face and there bits of towel fuzz on my face . I washed and dried them AGAIN . This morning , I got the same result . Towel bits & fuzz all over my face.I hate the towels . I want to return them but I already missed the return deadline . So disappointed .
 I have never seen a towel disintegrate as quickly as this set did . I put the towels in the washing machine -LRB- front loader -RRB- on normal cycle and dried them on gentle before using them . After using the wash cloth and bath towel one time each began unraveling on one side . The towels appeared very thin upon arrival until I laundered them which `` plumped '' them up and that was a pleasant surprise but when drying myself off they were n't absorbent , it felt like the water was being pushed off me . Reviews said they were good , which is why I purchased them , but I ca n't recommend them . That 's only my opinion .
 After one wash , I sent these back . They came out of the washer ripped and torn after just ONE wash ! Surely NOT worth your money !
 Bought three sets of towels because of the great deal ... you get what you pay for . Cloth came apart at the seams after one washing . Nice and soft but no absorbency . Felt like I was just pushing water from one place to another . Returned two of the unused sets for a refund .
 These towels are truly amazing ! In addition to being soft and coming in a large array of fashion colors , they seem to have been treated with a very effective water retardant . Marvel in wonder as they leave puddles completely undisturbed ! Watch in awe as water actually beads up on the fibers ! Pass them over your wet body and you would almost believe you just stepped fresh from the tub if not for the fine coat of lint covering your still-wet skin , your still-wet hair and your formerly clean bathroom floor . I highly recommend these towels as show pieces in your for-display-only bathroom or as extra padding for your garbage . Enjoy !
 The first time we washed these towels , they shredded on all sides . Threads were coming off more on the sides of the towel than the ends . We also had to wash them 3 times to try to get the pilling cotton off . Even after that , the towels left lint on us after drying off for weeks . I do n't recommend getting these towels .
 As many others stated
 I received these towels and loved how soft they were . I washed per the label -LRB- warm and tumble dry low heat -RRB- like I do with all my towels and after the first washing they are already all tattered and falling apart . VERY cheaply made towels . Save your money and buy another towel set . I 'll be returning these at my first convenience .
 Bought set -LRB- Bluestone color -RRB- at 19.99 figured , ca n't be all that bad -LRB- after reading reviews . -RRB- Well , wrong again . I did n't expect a luxurious set , half-way decent would be good . Just rec 'd it , washed the set by itself because experience has been that new towels usually shed & throw a lot of lint around especially the first wash . Dried it on medium so it would n't be shrink dried :--RRB- , pulled it out of the dryer . Lot of loose cotton on towels . Both bath towels are unraveling on one side -- selvage edge not sewn well or poor quality threads or ? Poor quality period . Too much trouble to return them , but I will not buy another product mfg by Pike Street again . I 'll use the hand & wash towels . And by the way , this is my first fully negative review of any product . Buyer beware , and I will go back to my policy of not buying a product with ` bad ' , ` poor ' or mediocre reviews .
 After reading a ton of 5-star as well as 1-star reviews for these towels , I bought 2 sets -LRB- taupe & blue -RRB- when they were a Gold Box Deal for $ 19.99 / set . I 've never regretted an Amazon purchase more ! I washed them the day they came in the mail -LRB- following the directions on the packaging -RRB- , and they looked and felt great when they came out of the dryer . However , the taupe towels were covered in orange splotches and the blue ones in white splotches before they even went in the washer for the second time ! What the heck ?! As a woman I use a wide array of cleansers and lotions , but nothing was ever applied directly to the towel , and I 've never had this `` staining '' problem with any of my other towels before ! I am so disappointed ! I 'll think twice from now on before purchasing a product manufactured by Amazon .
 These towels are not as thick as I had anticipated , and additionally , the first time I washed them , before using them , they started to shed threads at the edges ! Poor quality ! Do not recommend .
 We washed the towels when we first received them . Have never seen an item `` shed '' so much . They have been used and washed for the third time and they are still `` shedding '' though it appears to be less and less with each washing . We like the size and the feel of the towels but we are disappointed in the towels and would not buy this brand again .
 These towels while really inexpensive are not the towels my family and I are used to . Upon opening the box , the towels were packaged nicely , but after opening one package , and opening the towels , strings were hanging from one towel and still attached to the towel . That is just poor quality , either the towel is already unraveleing or the manufacturer did not cut off any stray strings . The towel is extremely thin . My husband and I decided not to use the towels ourselves and I wanted to return them but it would have cost me $ 15 to return them . I did not want to pay $ 15 for something I do not have . We decided to give them to his brother , who is single and does not care how fluffy or thick the towels are . I would not recommend this to anyone who is used to very fluffy and well made towels .
 All of the towells that came on the package started unravelling on the edges . The company should try to check for quality standards before shipping them out to customers ! Buy at your own risk !
 These towels were very cheap . Thin and not soft . I should not have bought them considering the inexpensive price . I could n't find anything else I wanted.Thanks . M. White
 Have to agree with some of the other reviewers about the poor absorbancy of the towels . We have washed them three times and did NOT use fabric softner . We have used worse but these still feel like you 're drying off with a wet rabbit.Also they are somewhat thin.They definetly are not high quality towels but they 're still a pretty good deal if your expectations are n't too high .
 These towels are terrible . They are not absorbant and two of them began unravelling after the first wash . I absolutely do not recommend them
 I 've been an Amazon customer and more importantly an Amazon -LRB- BELIEVER -RRB- for many , many years ! I will continue to look to Amazon for comparisons and such ! However , this purchase just baffles me ! After I received my purchase , it was necessary to wash them -LRB- as you normally do -RRB- ! Much to my surprise and horror was the fact that after the wash cycle , the towels were left covered with cotton fibers from the other towels that were washed along with the cocoa colored ones.I decided to wash them again and not only were they still covered with cotton fibers , they began to shred and come apart , obviously defective!The taupe colored set -LRB- after the 1st wash -RRB- nearly disintergrated!It was n't nor is n't worth sending back , I 'll use them as rags , it 's too bad I had to pay $ 20 + for something I did n't know I 'd be using on the floor of my home.Word of Advice
 I ordered a set of these in the sage green and a set for my mom in the blue . They look nice , colors are great . Big fluffy soft towels . The bath size is very generous . They wash up nicely , do n't lose much and look luxurious.The thing I do n't like is these towels are not absorbent . I 've washed them about six times , do n't use fabric softener and they just do n't wick the water off one 's body the way I 'd like . I even checked the tag to make sure they said `` cotton . '' I can wrap one of these around wet hair after shampooing and 5 mins later , my hair is nearly as wet as when I first got out of the shower.It 's gotten to the point where I am going to give these to the dogs . It 's that irritating .
 I guess you get what you pay for . Great price , but several of the towels became `` unwoven '' on the edges the first time washed .
 It was a good deal at first then I washed the towel set and they shed more than any towels I ever bought . Even better , the bath towels were falling apart at the seams . I used a towel . And yes it was soft and comfy but still left me covered with towel bits . Overall poor quality and dissatisfied .
 I was very disappointed with the feel and look of the towels out of the packaging . They appeared dingy and old . I thought , from reading the reviews , that all they needed was a wash . I was wrong . The towels started to come apart at the seams and it filled the lint trap of the dryer with the most lint I have ever seen ! Since then I have used the towels and have had to be wary of lint and fuzzy on my person after showering or on fabrics that I lay the towels on . Very bad quality . Do Not Buy ! I have bought egyptian cotton , soft , luxury towels at a national -LRB- blue colored emblem -RRB- department store for a great price , and these towels have surpassed even luxury hotel towels I have used !
 It 's like they do n't dry your skin after the shower . Im hoping that I can wash them a few times and they get better
 I bought these towels because they got decent reviews overall and I figured the negative reviews were from people who expected too much from $ 20 towels . However , now I see that the negative reviews were the most accurate.After one normal fabric-softener-free washing , these towels were already unraveling . Not only that , but they are the least absorbent towels I 've ever used . They are super soft , which is nice , but they literally do not absorb . I usually leave my long hair wrapped in the towel for a few minutes while I moisturize , etc. . With my usual towel , it 's damp when I remove the towel . With this towel , when I removed the towel after 5-10 minutes , my hair was still soaking/dripping wet.I honestly would not even feel good using these as guest towels . Now I 'm thinking about giving them to Goodwill , because it seems like a shame to throw them out after 1 -LRB- or 0 -RRB- uses .
 This set of towels was not the quality that I expect from Amazon . I purchased a blue set and a brown set . For whatever reason , the brown set may have been slightly better , but that 's not saying much . I washed and dried them before monogramming and already , there were spots along the towel edges that were starting to become unraveled . Since these were a gift , I reinforced the stitching with a blanket stitch along all of the towel and hand towel edges to prolong the life of the product . But this is something a buyer should not have to do with a new product.I will not purchase any other Pike Street products .
 bad quality . I find bits and pieces everywhere . lost their color in the first time in the washing maching . Its horrible.Dont waste your money on this .
 I have washed these a half a dozen times now and they still are lousy . They do n't absorb the water off my body . I never heard of anything like this . How is it possible to have a towel that does n't dry?Towels are useless .
 Like other reviewers wrote , these towels do NOT absorb water . They ARE big , fluffy , heavy , soft towels that seem like they will be very comfortable . But the water stays on the surface of the towel and feels very cold when you are trying to dry yourself off . We washed them about four times , but this did not help.Are these really 100 % Egyptian cotton , because they seem like they 're polyester .
 I have used these towels a couple of times and I 'm ready to throw them out . they do not absorb water at all . You start to feel the towel getting wet and cold .
 Worst towels I 've ever used . Sure they 're soft and cozy when they 're dry but they do n't suck up water off of your skin , nor do they suck water out of your hair . They leave a short haired miniature pinscher almost wet even after 5 minutes of non stop rubbing . As for your skin , you 'd be better off drying off using a bucket and a sponge or a water hose.Buy them to wrap up in on a cold night but only after you run them thru the dryer a dozen times to get the god awful amount of fuzz out of them.TERRIBLE TOWELS and I did n't even pay full price for them , I won them on the internet .
 I was so surprised to find out that these towels were not very absorbent at all , especially after all the reviews . I bought hese for my son , for his apt . when I went to visit , I was quite surprised they turned out to be so nonabsorbent .
 The towels were given as a Christmas gift . I really liked them until I washed them . There was a bunch of lint in the washer and when I took them out of the dryer toe towels had strings hanging from the edges . I was really disappointed . It was that way on two of the four sets . I sent them back
 This is a first at Amazon . These towels are not even seconds , after the first wash they fell apart . These towels are not up to amazon 's standards .
 We have been using these towels and wash cloths for about three weeks now and even extra washings have not made the towels absorbent . Just now , while trying to dry my hair , water actually rolled down my face . They are soft , but do not take up water as I think a towel should do . The wash cloth is much the same way . And , when placed on the towel rack to dry , they take forever . In fact , when I took them out of the box , I immediately washed them , and it took forever to get them dry enough to take out of the dryer . I 've never seen material like these towels . I bought three sets and ca n't really use them unless by some miracle they begin to absorb better .
 The fabric is of moderate quality , but the fabrication is horrible ! After the first washing the hems on sides are unravelling.They arrived with multiple snags . I should have returned them , but seemed like to much work !
 Very soft but not sure why they do n't absorb water like my other towels.I 've washed twice since buying and do n't use fabric softener .
 I know these towels are inexpensive , but they became frayed after the first wash & dry . I used the cold washer setting and the lowest dryer heat setting . I would never buy this brand again . The only reason I bought them was due to high reviews which had never served me wrong before on Amazon ...
 These towels seemed nice when they arrived , but literally seem to be falling apart when laundered . Really disappointed with the purchase .
 I liked the texture of these towels , however , the seams along the edges are beginning to fray on both the big towels . I can fold them so they do n't look raggy hanging on the rack . I guess you get what you pay for !
 I washed the towels several times as mentioned in previous reviews , but I find that the absorption remains poor . Perhaps so many fibers prevent good penetration ? I would not purchase these towels again .
 I have never had a towel this bad ! After washing and drying there is more of the towel in the washer and dryer then you can imagen When I dry myself after a bath or shower there is towel lint in the tub and on me . I spend valuable time cleaning that up in the AM . Also this towel does not dry you off . It is not obsorbant I need one of my old towels to do the job and do not think this towel will dry your hair it is not happening . I am very disapointed no I am angry I spent a lot of money for 4 sets of these towels . Two of the sets fell apart ravelled in the wash leaving the side stitching hanging.I tell everyone I can Do not buy Pike Street Towels from Amizon all I can say is THEY ARE AWFUL !!!!! Susan Neipertdtmsfmaz@gmail.com
 i was super excited to get these towels when i placed the order . when i opened the package they felt soft and i was impressed until i went to use them and they are not all they 're cracked up to be . they do n't dry out my hair at all , the absorbancy of the towels is garbage . i was very disapppointed in the quality of the towels . Very soft but not absorbant at all .
 do n't touch these with a ten foot pole . they began to fall apart after the first wash .
 I purchased these towels on a whim , and when they arrived they looked and felt like they were very nice quality . When I washed them , the sides of the towels came apart and frayed to the point that I would not want to use them for anything but wiping up a spill . This purchase was very disappointing .
 As long as you are expecting $ 20 towels and not $ 130 towels , maybe you wo n't be disappointed . These towels are not great quality , they look and feel okay , until you add water ! They wash poorly , fiber feels cheap on your skin , color changes and for towels that allegedly `` List price $ 130 '' , not a quality buy .
 Towels do not absorb water , it gets wet as soon as I use it . It feels like I am drying myself with a wet towel . I also wish that they would have put the length in the description of the towel , it is very long .
 The second time I washed these towels , the hem came unstitched and the towels frayed .
 These are simply cheap , both in price and quality . Unfortunately , brand new , these towels are worse than three year old towels that we purchased at TJ Max for $ 6 ea.Pros - They 're absorbent - Four sets only cost $ 60Cons - Lots of loose threads - Very poor quality on corners - VERY thin - Not very soft - Made specifically for Amazon -LRB- see label -RRB- - Bad smell - Lots of lint -LRB- more than usual for a new towel -RRB- In the end , I felt bad about having Amazon pay for return shipping on four sets so I washed and donated them . As far as I 'm concerned , the purchase was not worth $ 60 . In the future , I 'll continue to purchase high quality , low priced towels at TJ Max and/or Ross .
 Decent but qc is not good . Various minor problems with stitching . Stitch openedup had to return . Would n't by pike again .
 I wish I read the other reviews before I purchased these towels . They had a funny smell and I figured I needed to wash them anyway . When I used them for the first time . I had to get one of my older towels to dry off . It 's like fluffy polyester .
 I noticed immediately that these towels are neither absorbent nor color-fast . I have had them for a year and the sides are shredding . I really could not have believed such a poor quality towel would be manufactured and sold by a reputable label . I have Cannon towels that I 've owned for 10 years that are in better shape than these after one year of very light use . Stop looking at these and keep browsing !
 I should have taken heed to the other reviewers . The towels were beautiful before I laundered them as instructed ` before first use ' . I washed them a second time w / other towels and the sides unraveled on one of the hand towels like someone made tassels on it . What a waste of money.buyer beware .
 I ordered two sets of these and when they arrived I followed the directions exactly as to pre-laundering them etc , etc. . They are certainly good looking , thick towels . BUT , and it 's a big BUT , for some reason or other the towels and washcloths have a tough time absorbing the water when towelling off ... much less than a regular run-of-the-mill towel . For such thick towels I 'd expect them to be far more absorbent than they are . So , bottom line , they look good , feel good , but are n't anywhere near as effective as other towels that I 've used . Would I buy them again ? Nope .
 These towels are large and very soft ... good , but they have already started to deteriorate after only a few weeks . They have begun fray and they produce so much lint that I have had to discard them ... so much for bargain towels .
 Disappointed in the towels as they are fraying already . However , I do like the thickness and the absorability of the towels .
 HiAfter the first washing the edges were shredded and the towels changed their color , I bouth the bluestone and the taupe , and both of them seem to have more than two years only with the first wash !!!! These are by far the worst towels I ever bought.I give them 1 star because I ca n't select 0 .
 Products starts to come apart in normal Heat in Dryer . I can get a towel from Target that will last many high heat cycles and costs the same . Terrible Craftmanship ! It does feel very plush though .
 They feel great , but the first washing produced more than an inch of lint in the dryer vent , piles of lint I had to pick up by hand before I could even vacuum it up . No absorbency .
 Purchased this towel set and ran them through the wash like any ordinary person before use , and the threads ALL CAME APART ! As a result , the towels are simply unusable - what as waste of money!Do yourself a favor and give this offer a major swerve and head down to your local Target or Wallmart store !
 The towels look and feel thick , rich and fluffy . But , do n't let their appearance fool you ... or the positive ratings . They do not absorb the water . Instead , you dry yourself with a `` wet '' towel . The water droplets stay on the fabric , as though there is something in the dye or cotton that repels water . They are a great buy if you only intend to hang them in a spare bathroom for appearance . But , their practicality is questionable , as is their dollar value . Sorry.DMS
 I bought these towels about the same time I bought some Pike Street Egyptian cotton sheets . The sheets were fabulous , but the towels are very disappointing . The first wash created loads of `` hanging chads '' on the towels . These towels are also probably the most least absorbent towels I have ever owned . They just spread the moisture around instead of wiping it off . I will buy Pike Street sheets in the future , but I will never buy any more of their towels . Because of the pulled threads on the towels , I ca n't even put them in the guest bathroom to just look nice -- because they do n't . I 'm not sure how Pike Street can make such good sheets and such bad towels , but that is my experience with them .
 Bought them because they seemed to be a great bargain but they do n't do what they are made to do . They do n't absorb any water .
 I received these as a Christmas gift , and I was excited about it since I wanted nice quality towels . But after washing them once the sides unraveled on 3 of the towels . Pretty disappointed in this product . They are a nice weight , but I think they should have lasted for more than one wash .
 Biggest gripe - the dye is not color-fast , so if you use any kind of medicated cleanser in the shower with benzoyl peroxide or the like , the towels will immediately develop discolored patches . Obviously , you ca n't use bleach either , though it 's not clear why you 'd want to . -LRB- If you use them long enough , the discolorations even out , giving a totally different solid color - but sometimes it 's cool too . -RRB- The towels are reasonably soft , not especially absorbent , but they work well enough . Ca n't speak to durability , but given they 're not color-fast , they are not first-line towels for me . Given the competitive price and comforting feel -LRB- if not amazing drying efficacy -RRB- , they are a plausible choice for the guest bath , however .
 I 'm happy I bought these on sale because after one washing the wash cloths started fraying at the seams . After two washings - they were more than frayed - they were unraveling .
 They look like a good towel ... until you start to dry off with them . The water seems to stay on the surface of the towel so as you dry off it feels cold and wet to the touch . I bought the Columbia brand towels at the same time and have been using them all the time as they seem to pull the moisture into the towel better .
 Recent purchase of the Pike St 6 piece towel set was an unhappy one.The towels are not even seconds . They should have been offered as discards . They are full of long , strings as if used for abrasion . They are just an awful product that should have no stars . Run as fat as you can.The poorest Amazon product ever .
 These towels were not worth the money . They are thin -LRB- which would be fine -RRB- if they were n't so rough . I followed instructions on how to wash them and still , horrible.I do not recommend that at all
 When I rec 'd these towels I washed them before using them , and the seaming stringed up and started coming loose . So I called amazon and they sent me a new set . They also stringed up on the first wash . These towels are fluffy but the seaming/edging makes them extremely cheap quality . A towel that rips and strings up on the edges is no good . My walmart towels are WAY better . I sent these towels back . This was a bad buy and now I have to pay to ship this poor quality crap back .
 Why Amazon continues to sell these towels , I 'll never know.I was attracted by the average 3.5 star rating , combined with a very attractive price & Free Super Saver shipping . Unfortunately , when I received these towels , the quality does not match the average rating -LRB- in my not so humble opinion -RRB- . Right out of the package -LRB- and after the first washing -RRB- , there are lots of loose threads - the towel looks `` sloppy . `` As many other reviewers have written , these towels do not do what a towel is supposed to do . The DO NOT absorb water as you 're trying to dry off after a bath or shower . As you wipe yourself dry , the towels feel cold & wet , rather than leaving you warm & dry . I 'm sorry , but in terms of performance , these towels are very poor when compared with years-old , ratty cotton towels with holes in them . At east the ratty towels leave you warm & dry after a shower.Very disappointing - not at all recommended .
 As is my custom , I did a short wash of these towels as soon as they arrived . Much to my surprise they did not hold up to this first short wash . They are very poorly made . I doubt they will survive more than three washes before they become cleaning rags . In fact , I have shop rags which are of a much better quality than these towels . My advice , avoid these towels . Spend a little more money for a better quality product .
 These towels have absolutely no absorbancy . I have never had this problem before with any towel . They are beautiful looking , but are not towels ! I do n't know what to do with them other than throw them away as they can not be used as ` rags ' because they can not absorb ! If I could give a minus star I would have done so .
 These towels felt great when they arrived ... Unfortunately that did n't last . After I washed them for the first time they completely fell apart at the seams and began to tear . I would not recommend this towel set
 These towels were listed as a `` Deal of the Day '' so I ordered a set of red ones . They came packaged well , and we washed them -LRB- without softener -RRB- before using them . Upon their first use they just moved the water around , they did n't absorb anything . So we washed them and tried them again , and got the same results . They do n't seem to dry us at all , and even after the first wash they left little red fibers all over us.Check out my other reviews , I do n't tend to give bad reviews , but this was a terrible purchase , no wonder they were listed on the Deal of the Day .
 Not even worth the sale price of $ 30 ! Strings are coming out of all the hems . I did n't even use them , returned for full refund . Target and JCPenney 's have better towels . Do n't waist your money on this one .
 I was disappointed in these towels . They are very light in weight and flimsy . I returned them after opening one package . Did n't bother to wash them . These are perhaps twice the thickness of the shop towels I buy at lowes ! Very disappointing . Would n't have them in the house -- much less in the guest bath which is where they were going ! Amazon is kindly accepting the return and paying for return shipping . I 'd do better at Bed Bath & Beyond for the same price .
 I am shocked of the quality of this towel.The towels do not absorb water at all they get wet and stay wet right away , they are soft that 's true but a plastic bag is also soft on your skin after a shower . I dont recomend them at all it is a scam its a waste of money !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This is the worst set of towels ever . No absorbancy . The towel not only does not dry me when I use it , it stays very wet for days . I have tried washing them four of five times each and there is no improvement . If I could , I would return these towels .
 We were confused by so many negative and positive reviews for the towels , and decided to take a gamble and ordered the cream towels . Well , the towels washed up nicely the first time and were fluffy and soft , so we thought , `` Wow great deal on nice towels ! '' After a couple more washes , the towels are still fluffy and soft but the trim is apparently POORLY SEWN and coming apart on two of the large towels . So , I would recommend you LOOK ELSEWHERE for towels if you want ones that will hold up to regular use , and not just be fluffy and soft and nice to look at on a line closet shelf .
 First wash and the towels lost the color . They look old & faded .
 These towels are soft and fluffy , but the towels are not absorbent . Just as other reviewers have stated , the towels do n't absorb water , rather the water rests on the surface of the towels .
 I was looking for a `` premium '' bath towel at a good price when I came across these on Amazon . Heavy towel weight - check . Egyptian cotton - check . Good customer reviews - check . And two sets of towels for $ 30 ??!! That 's less than the price of just one bath towel of these other brands I have been looking at ! Sounds too good to be true ? Well , in my case it was . The towels arrived today , and as I excitedly opened the package , I found these lovely , fluffy white towels . Just a few loose threads on them , I 'll just pick those off ... oops ! Those loose threads were still attached to the towel , and there were clumps of them , some several inches long ! These towels are clearly seconds , rejects , or else they have lousy quality control in the factory . Both bath towels had areas of loose threads . Anyways , I 'm sure they will be soft and fluffy , but I 'm sure the threads will also pull as they are washed . I think they should be advertised as seconds , not first quality . I 'm sure they will perform fine and feel soft ; they just wo n't look great . I , for one , will return them as I was not planning to buy factory seconds .
 Ca n't believe how awful these were . I unfortunately bought several , washed them , then found out they were extremely non-bsorbent and they puckered . They looked so nice when I took them out of the box , too ! I even recommended them to a friend . Fortunately I told her my experience before she unpacked hers . I sent back the ones I had not yet unpacked and she 's sent hers back too . You can read similar experiences for this same product with other colors .
 I purchased this set in the blue color . Yes , it does come with 6 pieces-making it a full set . However , as other reviewers noted , it came with `` white '' spots all over several of the towels . Not sure what it could be ! Also , one of the bath & hand towels appeared to be a different `` nap '' from the others . All in all , I regretted this purchase - especially since Amazon usually sells a good product for a good price . In this case , you could do better at a department store sale . Save your money .
 It 's like wiping off with polyester . They are indeed thick , but the water stays on the surface and feels really cold . I got some Bianca towels at the same time and they are much nicer .
 I wish I had read the previous review before I purchased the towel . I 'm not sure this can be classified as a towel because it does not absorb water . The towel itself looks nice and feels really soft but do n't count on it to dry anything .
 I purchased the Pike Street towels expecting a very high quality towel . When I received them in the mail , one towel was very poor quality . The edge which is a hemmed style edge was frayed and not sewn in several places . The hand towels several areas that were frayed and in poor condition . I was very disappointed .
 I wish I had read the other reviews before I bought these . These are the least absorbent towels I have ever used . I hope that I 'm not going to have to fight Amazon when I call now to ask that they pay for the full amount of the shipping costs to send them back .
 We are disappointed with the quality and the feeling of touching the towels . The quality is similar to the cheap towels purchased from Wal-Mart . However , thanks to Amazon , it allows us to return them with no cost .
 Please fix the Amazon Global as to reflect the products ACTUALLY available for international sales . It is a very FRUSTRATING experience to waste time in a website where a person only gets to knwo that the product is not for international sales after proceeding into the checkout step.For and example , if one browses through the international sales into the home products are the will be a product like Pike Street 100 % Egyptian Cotton 725-Gram 6-Piece Towel Set , White . It is listed in the international part but not available for international customers.If it is not possible to sell please do n't post an item , at least in the sections of the website which is not applicable !!
 After the first wash , several towels had the thread at the seams come loose or break ; very disappointing as the towels are very soft and would have purchased more in the future if better quality in the sewing department . The taupe color is not the usual color , however , the brick is very vibrant .
 On the screen looks great , but the actual towel lack a good finish and touch.The label really says 100 % egyptian cotton , they can say whatever they wnat in it ... Go to any bath and beyond or linens . . and you will find better stuff for a better price . I 'm returning the ones I got from my wedding ...
 The price looked too good to be true , and it was . These towels were thin thin thin -- had I known my metrics maybe I would have realized that from the weight . I called Amazon , which provided a label for free return shipping , which I greatly appreciated . I am rarely disappointed in the quality of goods I buy through Amazon . I hope they wo n't offer these in the future .
 I am updating my previous review and I am giving the pike street towels 1 star from 3 . I have had these towels now about 8 months , they are already ripping.The towels does not completely do a good job of absorbing water from the body , I have to rub my body more than I normally do.However , the towels size were perfect.I will not recommend these towels .
 THESE TOWELS ARE NOT THE QUALITY THAT I EXPECTED . THE THREADS AT THE END OF TOWELS ARE ALL COMING OFF AND THEY WERE NEVER EVEN USES . THESE ARE DOLLAR STORE QUALITY TOWELS ...
 Do not buy these towels . They are pretty much terrible . After the first wash , three of them have the corners fraying and the other 3 unraveled quite a bit . Spend a bit more money and get a better product .
 I 've ordered 8 of these sets over a year or so -LRB- different colors for all -RRB- , and all was just fine until I got this pale green one . After removing from package and washing/drying to get out the creases etc. , the towel , face cloth and washcloth were all frayed and open seamed ... I was very disapointed , the other orders I made were just fine and the towelas etc. were great . Since I had to pay to return it was n't worth it to return . Looks like quality and quality control is n't working for them anymore
 I have vacation rentals and I ordered 10 sets of these towels ... I washed them in cold water with a warm dryer and was shocked how they came out . They were frayed with the seams coming apart and looked like they are several years old !!! I could not have my guests use these and have returned them all . A huge disappointment and would say to you DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!
 I actually like the texture of the towels , but they are so poorly made , that after the first wash the side seams were falling apart and I had to cut them in random spots to get all of the hangy bits off . I would n't buy them again . Spend a little extra and get quality .
 I have never even used these towels , they are just for decoration , and I have only washed them 2 times and the entire side of one of the bath towels and one of the hand towels have completely separated and it looks all ratty and tattered like I 've had and used it for quite some time . I have only owned them 1 month . Complete junk . Nice material , but really poor quality workmanship . It 's like putting a diamond in a plastic ring setting .
 I purchased these towels because of the low price . I now know why they are on sale . After the first wash the towels , hand towels and wash cloths all frayed at the edges . The stitching on the edges is not a very good quality . I would not recommend buying these towels . I am sending the ones I purchased back . Thank goodness Amazon is taking them back for a refund .
 On the first use the towels barely adsorbed any water . After washing and drying for one cycle on low the hem of the towels unraveled .
 Does n't Amazon audit products before they offer them for sale . And when there are so many negative reviews of a product , why does Amazon continue to sale the product . Like many other customers , I found the towels were indeed not absorbent and after the first wash they started shredding at the edges . A disgrace . I find myself with two sets of towels that do not even qualify as rags .
 I purchased these , expecting fluffy towels at an affordable price . What I got , were towels that became frayed around the edges after 1 wash , and constant shedding . Every time I used them , washed them , etc. , little bits of fabric came off . My floor was covered with white ` fuzzballs ' . What a disappointment these were . A waste of time and money .
 I bought 3 packs , but That was a mistake , because the towels are not absorbant .
 Not crazy about these towels , I liked the price , but was expecting thicker towels than this . I wouldnt buy them again , but perhaps if you do n't care about thickness of the material , they might be fine for you .
 The bath towels are absorbent , large , and soft . The first time that I washed the set one of the hand towels unraveled where the stripe is so I 'm not too sure about the quality ... though I 'm still glad that I purchased the towel set as it matches my bathroom tile .
 These towels are very soft , however they fail to be `` thirsty '' and continue to loose fibers even after repeated washings , leaving me damp and flecked with towel fibers .
 This is the third set of towels of this brand I have purchased from Amazon.com . I was quite pleased with the first two towel sets -LRB- which I purchased over the last couple of years -RRB- , but this set is not of the same quality . Possibly , I just received a `` bad set '' , but many of the edge seams came undone after just a couple of washes ! The older towels are still holding up very well , but not this set . I ca n't explain the difference . I only hope this is not a trend for this brand . Personally , I can no longer recommend these towels .
 These towels did not hold up to use . When I got them , they had frayed ends . After 2 washes , the towel frayed apart . I could put my head and body through the frayed sides . I was very disappointed .
 The towels are very soft to the touch however we had to return one of the shipments after the first wash as the stiching was coming off . Great price , soft towels but do not hold up well after washing .
 I was very disappointed with this purchase . I bought two sets , one of which I used and disliked very much but decided to keep as a guest bathroom set . I am returning the other set . When I opened the package they were already falling apart , ie the threads were coming undone but it felt soft so I thought I 'd give it a try and see what they 'd look like after I washed them . The thread situation was even worse , non the less I tried to use them and all I can say is that if you like still being wet after a shower then these are the towels for you . The dont soak up any water . Yes they are very soft , but are not functional as towels . I am very let down that amazon.com would sell these as their own product .
 I purchased 3 sets of these towels approximately 3 months ago , and every single piece has bled a significant amount of its color . I enjoyed the low price when I bought them , but I absolutely would not recommend them to anybody else . The old adage ` you get what you pay for ' definitely applies to this product . Stay away .
 These did not work out well ! After only a couple of washings , the sides of the towels started to lose their hem , and threads were just hanging . They were wonderfully soft , but I would not order these again !
 I purchased these towels after much searching and decided to take a gamble since there were mixed reviews . Big mistake . I received them today and washed them as per the directions prior to first use and now they are in tatters . The stitching along them hem was very poorly done and came apart requiring me to trim loose threads . Also the color completely faded even with being washed in cold water with color guard detergent . They look like I have had them for years and I have n't even used them yet . Waste of money and now my husband can tell me I told you so . = -LRB-
 I had purchased the same towels two years ago and we absolutely loved them . The set two years ago was 5 stars . When they were on special we purchased more . They are some of the softest towels we have ever owned but they are useless when it comes to drying your body or hands . After 20 washes in hot water they are marginally better , but beware , something is being used on the fibers to make the towels soft and it is preventing the cotton from holding the moisture.I would suggest that these make great show pieces in a guest bathroom that never get used , but I would n't want my guests to feel like they could n't get dry after bathing .
 I bought these towels in brick -LRB- red -RRB- for my guest bathroom . Out of the package they were soft and beautiful . I did a first washing before my guests arrived and found that although the towels did n't bleed , there was a lot of red lint in my washer and dryer filters . This did n't bother me because a lot of times towels need a first washing to get them ready for use . When my guests used them , they got red lint all over the shower , their bodies and the bathroom rugs . I washed these towels several times while my guests were here and the towels still shed . My guests are gone and I 'm still picking up red lint all over the house because people tracked it in from the bathroom . One of the hand towels is already raveling at the side . I bought these towels because of the price and , as my husband says , you get what you pay for .
 Received a set of the towels - liked how they looked . Put them directly in the washer as I always do with new towels and they came out with frayed edges . although I had seen that had happened to someone else they were such a good deal ... as usual ... you get what you pay for . I am retuning them .
 Soft towels , bright colors . But , after the first wash more than one of them started unraveling at the edges , and I have towel-lint coming off , even after 5 washes or so . Low price , but not worth it really ... Color stayed good , but I ca n't use these as guest towels , as intended . So price being low does n't really help - I have to go buy another set that does n't shred at the edges or shed lint .
 Towels were washed before using , 4 of each of the 3 sizes . On 3 towels of each size , there was a serious fraying on one side of each towel , most about 1 inch long , but one a full 6 inches ! Instead of cloth , there are only strings ! I could not believe it . They look worse than my inexpensive towels which have been washed scores of times over 5 or more years . I hope to be able to return them . They are nearly worthless . I am not known for having high quality towels , but I would not let guests even see them . Rating should be zero .
 The first set of towels had to be returned as the sewing around the circumference of the towels was poorly done . Long strands thread were exposed , the type that would lead to the towel unraveling . However , the color across all towels was the same.Called Amazon service and in less than a week a new set was received . The exchange was quick , painless , and free.The second set were sewn significantly better , color was true , but as in with the first set , slightly lighter than what was pictured . However , it 's close enough to my existing stuff to be acceptable.The towels are n't as plush as my mid-grade towels from BB&B ; , but then again , I paid the same price for two entire towel sets from Amazon as I did for one bath towel from BB . You get what you pay for , but they 're good enough.Edited 9/6/210 after the first wash in a front loader , the hand towels started to come apart . Apparently , these towels dissolve in water .
 The picture of these towels makes them look really plush . The color was great , but I found them to be thin , and scratchy . I returned them .
 We got these for Christmas and washed/dried them as the tag said to . Little did I know , they would n't even make it out of the dryer in one piece . The hand towels were completely frayed on one side and the rest of the towels were starting to fray . It 's so sad that we did n't even get to use any of these and they are already trash .
 The towels arrived packaged nicely but when I washed them , all but one of the towels came out of the washing machine frayed ! The texture is nice and fluffy but the edges are now frayed .
 Probably one of the nicest towel sets I 've ever purchased in terms of texture , color and absorbancy . But what a disaster when it comes to shedding ! I washed the towel set alone the first time and went to use it and it was covered with pills . Not hard nubs but lightweight , clingy and annoying . They were everywhere . So , if you 've the patience to deal with the lint coverage , get these towels . If not , I recommend you find something else .
 This was a Christmas gift for my daughter . After she opened the gift , I offered to wash the towel sets for her before she returned home , and when they came out of the dryer , the edges were all fraying . I know the rule about getting what you pay for , and if it seems to good to be true it probably is -LRB- 6 piece $ 50 . towel set for only $ 17 . -RRB- , but I have never recieved a bad product from Amazon , no matter what the price . This is extremely disappointing
 Bought 2 sets for my wife for Christmas and as with any clothing or cloth product , washed them before use ! Every piece had frayed edges , seams broken and the lose cloth nearly plug my washer ! DO NOT BUY !
 Bought these towels during the Black Friday sales thinking they were a good purchase . After receiving the towels I washed them on gentle cycle warm which is less then they say you can wash them at , and dryed them on gentle low heat which again is lower then recommended . First wash never used and the towels fell apart , the whole sides became unraveled . Definately returning these towels would not recommend to no one .
 I washed the set before I used them for the first time . After washing the items , they were falling apart ! Strings were hanging off and there were tears in all of the towels and rags . This is a very poorly put together product and you should not purchase it .
 These towels were bought in October and are used by one person.The wash cloths and some of the towels are frayed and coming apart at the edges by early December!Indeed they are soft but the falling apart is a big negative for me .
 I purchased two sets of these towels -LRB- one white , one cream -RRB- . While these towels have a nice texture and are of reasonable size , they are not very well constructed . Upon receiving them I promptly washed both sets I had purchased . The end hems on 3 of the bath sheets and 2 of the hand towels began to ravel immediately . One of the bath sheets also had fraying in the side weft . I was very disappointed as previous purchases of `` Pike Street '' products were fine .
 I first bought 3 sets of these in November of 2008 . They have always been fantastic.The two sets I ordered in Sept 2010 frayed like crazy after the initial wash and dry cycle . In comparing them to the previous sets , it is obvious they have cheapened these towels considerably . If you look at the large image of the taupe towels pictured on the site and zoom in , you see a nice , thick embroidery running the length of the towels . This is how my sets from 2008 look . The embroidery on the new sets is less than half as thick . Also , holding a 2008 wash cloth in one hand and a 2010 wash cloth in the other , the 2010 one feels lighter.I checked back on the Nov 2008 order and it was titled 725 gram 100 % Egyptian cotton - the same as these . They are clearly not the same.The 2008 sets have never frayed and since more than half of the towels had a ridiculous amount of fraying after the first wash , I returned both sets for a refund.It 's a shame . These were great towels until they were cheapened .
 I had previously purchased what I thought were the same towels in the wedgewood color but from a different listingPike Street 100-Percent Egyptian Cotton 725-Gram 6-Piece Towel Set , Wedgewood . You may notice that the wedgewood listing has a bit higher price but everything else looks the same . Well , I liked my wedgewood towels , they were a nice color and held up pretty well . THEN I decided to order a second set in Taupe -LRB- this listing -RRB- when I saw them on black Friday sale . I 'm pretty disappointed with this set . First time through the wash -LRB- I have a front loading top of the line washer/dryer -RRB- a few of the towels came out with the sides totally frayed off . Although they look and feel pretty much the same as the towels from the other listing , they seemed to not be made as well . Very disappointing , spend your money elsewhere .
 As others have said , these towels do not absorb moisture , so you ca n't really use them to dry ... anything . And one of the hand towels completely fell apart in the wash - the night they were delivered . I would not recommend these towels .
 I read a number of the reviews indicating these towels were phenomenal - fluffy , absorbent , great color . Unfortunately the company must have changed something in the manufacturing process because I purchased two sets of these towels and washed them in cold water on the gentle cycle and dried on low to get any lint out and the edges are coming undone . There is thread hanging off all but one of the six piece set . In addition , after two washes they still leave lint all over me after drying and tend to just push the water around . Save your money and buy a nice Ralph Lauren towel on sale at Macy 's - they are only $ 10 , last forever , retain their color , and dry wonderfully . Very disappointed in this purchase but that 's what I get for only spending $ 20 on six towels I guess .
 After one washing some of the towels came apart at the seams with threadshanging from the edges . In one month a few of them went from the towelcabinet to the rag bag .
 After a couple of washings , seams of towels were unraveling . They are also not very absorbsent . I should have listened to the reviews ; will from now on .
 These are the worst towels I have ever purchased . After one wash they are comming apart . Do not buy no matter what unless you need dog towels , or mop rags.They are truly horable . I boutht three sets one green , one blue and one taupe .
 These are rather average towels and certainly not as advertised . They are okay for everyday use but they are neither very absorbent nor all that soft . To me they are your average , run of the mill bath towel s . They also came with on towel slightly faded already and have already lost color after a few washes . The only positive are they are large and do the basic job they are designed for , drying off after a shower or bath .
 they will be great towels for you . I was impressed with the towels when I received them and after using them but after washing them twice they are falling apart . The towels are big , thick and absorbent but they are not well made . Not even worth the $ 19.99 I paid for them . I will pay more attention to reviews next time .
 I read all the reviews about shreds , figured , oh , it 's a cheap price , maybe it 'll work out , right ? Wrong . I washed these immediately upon receipt , and in the first wash , one hand towel is already shredding . A couple of other towels have a thread here and there coming off , but maybe those will be ok ? The shredded one , obviously wo n't . I am still optimistic that the remaining towels of the set will be ok , but the other reviews on here tell me that I should not get my hopes up . Well , meanwhile they are the softest towels that I own . I bought the brick towels , if that matters to anyone.UPDATE 5/23/2012
 For under $ 20 that 's what these are worth . NO bargain here . I always wash linens and clothes before I use them . There was more of the towel left in the lint filter than there was on the towel . I do n't expect these to last long . They should have stayed in China .
 I just received these towels , and washed them in preparation for use . Since they were cheap , I did not expect five star hotel quality , but I did expect them to be serviceable . About half of the set frayed immediately , and who knows how long they would last after use . I will never buy another textile from Amazon , textiles are of such uneven quality , that I will have to see exactly what I 'm getting before purchase .
 Why would anyone make a towel that does not absorb water ?????? These towels feel cold when you dry off and do not absorb water . I have read the reviews and did not do anything incorrect in washing them ! They just do n't hold water . They also shred ! Glad I got the cheaper rate , but I would n't get these again EVEN if they paid me to take them - well maybe , but to use them as rags !
 After the first wash these towels were `` threading '' and a bunch of its fluff stuck to the towels . I thought maybe if I washed it again it will get rid of the fluff , but not so . There are also loose threads hanging on the towels . I bought the sea blue set and its not as great as the picure looks . Granted , I only paid $ 23 for the set , but in the future I 'd spend a little more and get better towels .
 Towels are not very absorbant . They also have alot of lint . I washed them once before using and they left lint on my skin . After 3-4 washings and a filled lint filter each time , they were a little better but now thinner . The Walmart Egyptian towels are more expensive but a much better product .
 I love new towels , and was surprisingly disappointed in your offer of 100 % Egyptian Cotton towel set . One bath towel was ripped on the edge and the colors were different . One set looked faded.Thank you for letting me explain . It looked like such a good deal.Sue Porter
 I am very disappointed with this product . All of the towels shrunk considerably with the initial pre-use wash . I have to keep a pair of scissors handy for unraveling -LRB- and unsightly -RRB- threads ; again , evident with the initial pre-use wash . The best part of this package was Amazon 's generous discount at checkout .
 I guess I did not pay enough attention to the detail . I searched for Martex towels and these came up . I thought I was buying Martex , not these cheap Pike Street towels . I guess when you are buying from Amazon you have to really pay attention . I feel like it was a bait and switch trick !
 I just had to comment ... I have n't bought these towels yet . These reviews range from `` best towels I 've ever bought '' and `` large , soft , and luxurious '' to descriptions that almost defy possibility they 're so bad . So thanks for nothing Amazon and you reviewers ! It 's so ridiculous that it almost has me curious enough to buy them just to see what they 're really like . I guess ALMOST is the operative word though .
 I put these straight in the washer , with no softener . They came out with 6 inch long threads all over them . That alone was n't enough to return them , but the fact they are just an average feeling weight and texture was . I looked at all of the reviews and decided to give them a chance.They 're going back .
 Out of the package they do seem thin , but after I washed them according to the package -LRB- typical towel laundry instructions - not sure why they need special instructions aside from maybe `` no fabric softener '' -RRB- they were quite thick and felt like they 'd do a fine job . Out of the washer -LRB- LG front loader -RRB- there were already threads fraying from the edges and all throughout the towels . After the dryer -LRB- also LG front loader -RRB- , two of the towels ' edges had completely come undone leaving an unraveled mess . I did not try them to test absorbency - that is irrelevant now . I will be returning the washed set and the unopened set . For any price these towels are garbage.As a comparison , I have purchased cheap towels in South America and Asia for one or two-week use that are still in fine shape after two to five years . I have towels that have been in the Middle East more than some soldiers that are still in the same shape -LRB- though quite faded -RRB- as the day I bought them at the PX for around $ 5 . Whoever is responsible for marketing these , and advertising a discount from $ 130 down to $ 20 should be ashamed and fired .
 The towels feel fine , they are soft to the touch . The problem is the edging on one bath towel already started shredding the first time I washed them . Second time they were washed more towels started to shred and of course the first got worse . The edges get very ragged looking after a while.I was very unhappy about what I consider a large defect in a new product after seeing a lot of 4-5 ratings . Funnily enough after re-reading some of those people mentioned this defect.If you do n't care about the shredded side edging and are looking for something cheap , absorbent and soft go ahead and buy these for cheap towels . Personally , I think I could have done better going to Kohl 's on sale , Marshall 's or TJ Maxx for the price .
 Bad quality / low grade towels , thin , full of flimsy material and loose threads / weaves . VERY different from advertised item in picture , even the color -LRB- Taupe -RRB- is so dark and dull . Very low end towels , I have just returned my order back .
 i know these were n't a lot of money but enough that i thought they would n't pill up after one washing ... not a great product .
 or they would have been returned . Not the thick , absorbant towels I was hoping for . An odd color , too . My husband claims they are a moss green , and I say they are a mauve/tan . Oh well . What can I expect for twenty bucks ?!?
 I got these because they were a great price and although some reviews said the towels were n't absorbent , I decided to take a chance . Bad mistake , I might as well not be using them when i get out of the shower . As a girl , I need a good absorbent towel to dry my hair and these continue to fail every time . I 've washed them a couple times hoping to `` break them in '' but to no avail . I am now on the look out for new towels and have learned my lesson ; do n't risk a towel not being able to perform it 's most basic function . Just pass these ones by
 These look and feel great , but DO NOT ABSORB water ! One reviewer said after several washes they become more absorbant and I hope that is true , but I would not order these again .
 After only 2 washings , the towels are unraveling at the edges . The manufacturer obviously cares nothing about quality .
 The towels are really soft and absorbent but they shed like crazy . I 've only washed them once so I 'll just have to see how they hold up after a few more washes .
 When I received these , they were pretty nice , and they are soft , but about half had threads missing and they all had several loose threads around the sides that needed to be cut , so they will begin fall apart after a few washings . Fine for me , but my girlfriend will complain .
 The bad news is
 Just two points . . the fibers come out and not as absorbent . You need to wash these a few times before they do not shed all over you and become somewhat more of a towel . Else it is good for the beach or just sitting on
 I was disappointed in these towels . They do feel cold , as other reviewers have said . I had read that , but had never experienced towels that ` felt cold ' . I 'm guessing that they are loaded with some softener and so do n't absorb water well . This seems odd for Egyptian cotton.The price seemed too good to be true . $ 24.99 for six Egyptian cotton towels ? It was .
 Looks good and feels thick and awesome price . You would thinks it will be an great towel for drying . It was a disappointment . At least I did not pay much for this product .
 I bought these towels for the guest bathroom . They were washed only after guests used them , so approximately 10-15 times . They started falling apart after a few washes , and the edges are all frayed . We have towels we use daily that get washed weekly that have lasted for several years and have no fraying whatsoever . I would not recommend this product .
 I THOUGHT THESE WOULD BE REALLY GOOD TOWELS BUT AFTER THE FIRST WASH THE EDGES STARTED TO UNRAVEL AND LOOK HORRIBLE !
 i bought these towels in 2009 but did n't use them until 2010 . these towels were so nonabsorbent even after multiple washings , i finally threw them away . I could n't even in good conscience donate them to Goodwill . when my parents came to visit and used them , my father said they were like trying to dry off with a plastic bag . do not buy .
 I never have used a towel that did n't absorb SOME water , but these defy physics in that they are fabric but are incapable of absorption ! They must be made of teflon or nylon . I ca n't believe they are `` Egyptian Cotton '' since cotton has absorbancy . Needless to say , they have been relinquished to our dog 's bed for padding - luckily she does n't have urinary accidents or else we would n't use them for her either .
 Although these towels look nice , they are not absorbent . After a few uses , we have started using them to clean the kitchen floor .
 The quality in these towels is such a shame , as i had hopes they would be worth their original price , not the sale price i grabbed them for on black friday . Unfortunately i barely see these worth that price . The edges are fraying after washing them twice , gently and they were never really fluffy . I think i 'll demote these to rags in our house . Their absorbency is beyond lacking , the water sticks to the surface .
 These seemed nice until they went through the first washing . Hems on two of the four towels came undone . By second washing all had begun to turn ragged . Not worth having to pay to send them back , but , honestly , even the cheapest towels from WalMart last longer . Unless you want colorful rags for washing your car , do n't bother .
 We have had these towels for almost a year and a half now and they still look great!The color , Heather , was n't the same as it was pictured but we kept them anyway as they felt great.They feel great and as I mentioned they have held up great to daily use but we are still disappointed in them.The towels just do not absorb water like they should.When you start to dry off the towels feels cold to the touch and that is the reason for only 2 stars.I have read where people say that you can not use fabric softners on them or they will not be absorbent.We have never used fabric softeners on them in either the washer or dryer so that is not the problem .
 The product sounded good but they do not absorb at all . I wish I never got them . A waste of money .
 -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000BIZWE0 Pike Street 100 % Egyptian Cotton 725-Gram 6-Piece Towel Set , PaleYes , the price looked good , so I ordered 2 sets . Looked good and felt good on arrival . I tried to use , without washing the towels first , and noticed that the towels just did not absorb water -- I could not even towel off water from my hair!So , I assumed they were chock-full of some softener and needed to be washed . Horror ! Starting to fold the towels after wash and dry , I noticed that both sets had edges all unravelling , so that large shreds of fiber and threads were hanging off them !! I do n't usually buy high-end towels , but I have never in my 50 years of towel purchases seen anything like that , not even after using towels several years!If the towel edges are not sealed or sown so that they hold together , the towels are simply unusable -- therefore , the purchase price is wasted.I would have given this product `` 0 '' but I guess I can use them as cleaning rags , while trimming off shreds after each use ...
 I purchased two sets - one for my use and one for a gift . The towels arrived with a strong solvent odor so I washed immediately . The towels were not absorbant at all and they had pulls after two washes.Luckily , the gift was for my son who told me he was not happy with the towels either . I would not recommend this product .
 These towels are not absorbent . We bought different colors and we were so dispappointed with the quality of the towels .
 Quality was generally as high as one would expect for the price . Material is nice . Sewing finish flawed on a corner of one towel . Manufacturer 's quality control should have caught .
 First off this is my first review of hundreds of orders I made with amazon in my years . This towel does not absorb at all . After first wash it was coming apart ... Now i have to wonder what amazon is doing about quality control . = -LRB-
 I was a little unhappy when the towels arrived . Brick is more maroon . Also they are not as soft as EGYPTIAN cotton from retail stores . Sorry Amazon .
 After only the first washing , the binding/seam on one side of 2 towelsis already coming apart -- thread is coming out and seam is shredded.also , inside decorative hem is shredded in a couple of spots on one of the towels . Purchased Pike St 100 % Egyptian cotton towel setPour Quality !!!
 I would never pay $ 130.00 for these towels . It was a disappointing purchase . They appear plush in the photo but arrived a thin , disappointing rough product . I bought them as a gift - but I would never give them to anyone . You get what you pay for !
 There are blotches of fading ; looks disgusting after washing in normal wash cycle , using Wisk detergent . I think quality of material is inferior .
 I bought two sets of these towels to use for guests . Towels were thin , edges frayed in the wash and they do n't absorb like they should . Washed several times and they have continued to shed lint . Would not recommend these towels to anyone . Good price , fast shipping but not a good product .
 From the description , I had anticipated a good product . Unfortunately , the towels do not absorb water and after use , you still feel wet . I would n't recommend anyone purchasing them .
 As with the other reviewers , I 've had the same experience . I was in need of towels & the Black Friday sale was just too good to pass up . Upon first inspection , I thought they 'd be fluffier . Threw them in the laundry to wash before using . Well , they fluffed up nicely , but every bath towel , hand towel & wash rag had one edge that was badly frayed!Really disappointed in the quality ... expected better from Amazon !
 You ca n't beat the price but upon getting these towels in and washing them on the most gentle cycle possible -LRB- handwash -RRB- with woolite and tumble drying them -LRB- w/o fabric softener -RRB- they fell apart ! Not only that ... they did n't absorb at all . It was like drying off with plasic ! Even my little son said ` mommy , these do n't work ' . I usually look at the bad/good reviews and since the good outweighed the bad here I took a chance and ordered three sets . I really tried to like these towels but found myself reaching in the back of my linen closet for the 10 year old Martha Stewart brand kmart towels that these were supposed to replace ! Now after around three washings they are thinner than my 10 yr old MS Kmart specials -LRB- it 's like they just deflated -RRB- and still do not absorb and have continued to fall apart at the seams . On a whim I went back to kmart and bought some egyptian cotton towels on sale thinking I was sadly back to slumming it again . However , the k mart specials were awesome ! Thick and fluffy and got thicker and fluffier as I washed them and -LRB- who would have thought -RRB- they dried me off like a towel should . I really thought I was getting a great product with Pike St. and turned my nose up at my cheapie towel set as I eagerly awaited them . But sometimes stores that get a bad rap for quality -LRB- kmart , walmart -RRB- can sometimes -LRB- sometimes -RRB- have great products at a reasonable price . I 'm glad I got over myself and now I have awesome towels to show for it !
 I bouth these from the gold box special and ordered light blue . After I recieved shipment I ran these towels throught the wash -LRB- cold water + fabric softener -RRB- and they came out PURPLE ! They are kind of soft but they are PURPLE ! Probably the most disappointed I 've ever been with anything from Amazon and I 've been a prime member for at least three years .
 I have n't used these yet , just washed them yesterday . EVERY single item in the set has fraying around the edges , some of it really bad -LRB- the complete edging coming off -RRB- . I 've had better luck with towels from Walmart . NEVER have I had any towels fall apart on the first wash before like these . I can only imagine what subsequent washings will do . In fact , I have n't even seen this from old towel sets I 've had for many years . Very poor quality !!
 These are by far the worst towels I have ever purchased !!! After the first wash , on a gentle cycle I might add , the towels are completely frayed around the edges . It took 10 minutes just to clean up the lose threads from the washing machine , and no I did not overload the machine . These are absolute trash and I would not recommend them even as rags . Completely regret this purchase .
 I am not a picky person but I can not recommend these towels . The color is not as pictured but that did not matter very much to me . They are absorbent , not the greatest but good enough . However , after using and washing them for just couple of months , the edges are coming apart on every single one of the towels.I have towels that are years old that look better then these , these will soon go for the dog . I know they are not expensive , but the quality of workmanship is just not good . I will not buy them again .
 Towels frayed around the edges after their first wash ! Your money would be better spent elsewhere .
 I strongly urge people not to buy these towels ! They are very plush , but almost right after I bought them they started to fray along the edges . I have had to re-stitch the two large bath ones several times . It 's as if they did n't allow enough fabric tucked underneath the topstitching . The ones I bought from Walmart -LRB- Pike Street did n't have the complementary color for my bathroom that I wanted -RRB- , while not nearly as plush , have held up fine , even two years later . And `` Egyptian cotton , '' while it sounds so luxurious , does n't seem to be as absorbent when you get out of the shower .
 Every single towel began to frey at the edges or completely fall apart after the first washing , making this set worthless even for rags .
 I purchased this towel set -LRB- in four different colors -RRB- because it was a great sale/offer and i thought to myself how bad can towels actually be ??! Well lets just say politely they can get REALLY bad !! Prior to this purchase i have had a lemon here and there throughout my life time but nothing can compare to this set !!!!!! These towels do not suck in even a drip of water they just rubbed it around while fuzz gets stuck on your skin ... Needless to say that is one of the worst and most disgusting feelings you can ever get from any towel!This set and a microfiber set i have bought from Jcpenney is really the worst towels i have ever bought and owned . I would not even use them to clean my house !! I would NEVER recommend these or ever buy them again !! PS
 The stitched edging of the four towels came apart in the first washing . The towels are now frayed on the edges and look terrible . I would advise anyone thinking about purchasing these towels to buy from a different manufacturer .
 I had some concerns about these towels after reading some of the reviews about wear . But , I tried them based on some of the good reviews , and the reasonable price . You do n't always get what you pay for , but you do pay for what you get . After 1 month and two washes , the edges are fraying , and I got a lot of lint in the washer lint filter from the fraying towels .
 Out of 400 + items That I 've purchased from Amazon , this is the first that I 'm returning , if that tells you anything.These towels were washed once before use and there was an unreal amount of cotton residue left over in the washer . After drying , the dryer 's lint filter had enough cotton fiber to make another towel . Seriously , there was 10 to 15 loads worth of lint from just this one set . The hand towels were also shredding along the edges and the other towels already had a worn look - worse than my six year old set . I decided to use one , and while quite soft , it was strangely not as absorbent as other towels . Plus , if I had n't shaved yet , my face would be covered with towel lint . I figured these could be put to good use for washing & waxing the car , but after washing the towel a second time with just one other towel , my old towel came out loaded with lint from the new towel . So they 're not even worth keeping for car use , if they have to be washed separately.Notice how many of the negative reviews have been posted in the last three weeks since these were the Gold Box deal of the day - when I purchased mine . Earlier negative reviews complained of fading and wear after several months or a year of use . Now , it 's after one wash .
 It was a mistake to order these towels . They are of very low quality and cheap lookig as well . Do n't buy it !!
 Towels do not dry - bought with a gift card and this looked like a good deal . The towels are soft , but do not absorb , even after a few washings . I would not recommend this product .
 I bought these towels on a good sale , mistakenly thinking that they were actually worth the posted normal price . They are average quality at best . I have two sets of much higher quality towels that I purchased at my local Target . These towels are soft , but relatively thin and have already started to discolor .
 As the saying goes if the price looks to good to be true ... it probably is !! I am so disappointed in these white towels . They are so flawed . There are pulled threads in all of the towels , one has a pink stain , one has a grease mark , one has a poorly stitched hem . I had planned to create a gift basket for my grandson 's school auction/fund raiser . I took them out of the package and could hardly believe what I was seeing . Amazon has never disappointed me , ever before . They should be ashamed to offer this item . It was n't like I only purchased one bad package . I have three and all three have problems . Buyer , beware !!
 DO NOT BUY THESE TOWELS . I read some of the negative reviews but still trusted Amazon naive , huh ? -RRB- and ordered them . They are about as thick as a Kleenex , some of them had fabric faults , and even considering the cheap price , they aint worth even sending back -LRB- if I could -RRB- . This obvious peddling of poor quality and `` seconds '' merchandise may color my attitude towards buying anything more from Amazon , especially from its own departments .
 These towels look great , feel nice and soft . Unfortunately , when you use them after a shower it is like drying off with a plastic sheet . They do not absorb anything ; they just smear the water around and eventually you dry off by evaporation . In fact , instead of making me feel dry and comfortable , I feel cold as the water is moved around on my skin . My suggestion
 I should have read the product reviews before I ordered , but they were a Black Friday special and I really needed towels , so ordered them right away . I got them and finally opened and washed them today ... . The edges of the towels frayed and started coming apart with the first wash . These were a complete and total waste of money . Amazon can usually be counted on to have great stuff ; unfortunately , they missed the boat on this one .
 Do n't waste your money/time on these junk towels ... linty , fade when washed , unravel at the edges , smell bad when opened , feel cheap ... Amazon should be embarrassed to peddle these . Getting towels from Goodwill might be better . Actually , these are n't totally useless ... you could `` encourage '' overstaying house guests to leave by putting these junk towels in the bathroom for them to use OR they could be a cheap alternative to dermabrasion !
 These are serious junk.As others have stated , they shred on the first wash , get massive amounts of lint all over everything !!
 the colors are perfect and the towels are soft but ... they are the last thing that will dry you off after a shower . zero absorbancy ! they seem to have improved a bit after 6 washes .
 I should have heeded my fellow reviewers warning . These towels are not absorbent . I received the towels Saturday and placed them in my bathroom Sunday morning . I noticed throughout the day that the towels remained damp . My household only includes two adults . Therefore , I can only imagine how a family of four would react to towels remaining wet/moist throughout the day after each hand washing cycle.Avoid these towels at all cost . I can only imagine the bacteria buildup that comes along with drying and re-drying your hands on these non-absorbent/damp everyday bath towels .
 Like so many other reviewers here , we got these towels and within three machine washings the sides are in long shreds . I 've had a lot of different towels over the years , but these are among the worst . Even after washing , these towels do n't feel absorbent . Sometimes it takes a dozen or more washes to get Egyptian cotton towels more absorbent . They are nice looking . Too bad the quality sucks .
 My wife & I just bought these towels and received them quickly from Amazon . That 's the end of the good news right there . We immediately washed them . When we went to put them in the dryer we noticed all the edges had frayed and the stitching had come undone ... in ONE wash ! My current towels from Macys have been washed dozens of times with no damage to the towels.These are the biggest joke of towels I 've ever purchased and will be returning IMMEDIATLEY . DO NOT BUY THESE TOWELS .
 These towels when first used are like using wax paper . There is absolutely no absorption and they just move the water around on your body . After 7 or 8 washings trying to get them to perform better they are no more absorpant and they are unraveling around the edges and they are still bleeding in the washing machine .
 no problem with absorbency however i did notice the splotching after several uses . I have never had a towel do this and will probably not purchase another product from this vendor .
 Order arrived as indicated . Washed and dried the towel set to get rid of the plastic wrapping smell . Towel set completely fell apart in the washer/dryer ! Oh well , they 'll make fair car washing rags .
 These are without a doubt the poorest made towels of the lowest quality I 've ever seen ! I purchased 2 sets of these towels since they seemed to be a good price . They looked nice when they arrived - thick and cushy and they come in a variety of popular colors . I washed them 1 time before using and they shed so much that my dryter filter was clogged about 2 inches thick ! Several of the towels now had threadbare spots and the edges of several others were so shredded that they were separating into strings and totally coming away from the body of the towels . I am returning these and will never purchase a Pike Street product again . Walmart towels are so much better than these it 's hard to believe . I am sure that if Amazon was aware of the quality of these towels they would not allow them to be sold on their site , giving Amazon a bad reputation .
 Nothing is a `` deal '' these days . If you follow this motto in life , you will NEVER be disappointed - `` You Get What You Pay For . '' Period . Come on , Egyptian cotton towels , an entire set for $ 19.99 ? You Get What You Pay For ... They look & feel nice -- possibly for a few months , then they turn into $ 19.99 towels -- for the entire set . Get it ? Enough said . Good Luck .
 hi , i love the soft feel , only one held up other 3 fezzled on edges , still use them , wish edges held up . . bummer
 THE TOWELS I ORDERED AND RECEIVED CAME APART AT THE SEAMSON THE SIDES WHEN I WASHED THEM FOR THE FIRST TIME ONPERMANENT PRESS CYCLE , I CAN NOT IMAGINE WHAT COULD HAVEHAPPENED IF I HAD WASHED THEM ON REGULAR CYCLE.I AM VERY DISAPPOIINTED WITH MY PURCHASE BUT I WILL TRYTO FIX THEM ON MY FAITHFUL SEWING MACHINE.UNSATISFIED CUSTOMER
 These towels are pretty and soft but of about 18 pieces I washed about 16 pieces came out of the washer damaged , fraying at the side or end seams , on the 1st wash . If you are staging a house and do n't intend to use them buy them . If you intend to use them they wo n't look new beyond the first wash .
 I brought these towels as a `` Lightning deal '' . They were priced right . Looked like a recent set of towels I bought that I love . And were a decent color . Washed them before we used them -LRB- dye & scent free soap , no dryer sheet -RRB- , and hung them up to use . They were dry . A few hours later , I used the face cloth and hand towel for my normal nighttime ritual , and they felt a bit damp . I just figured that the new dryer , that does actualy work well , left them a bit damp . But a few hours later ? That just seemed weird . But no big deal.The next morning , I took my usual shower . Grabed the bath towel , and tried to dry off . The towel felt cold and wet . What the hell ! They did n't absorb any of the water , but just sort of smeared it around . How can a towel not absorb water . They look practically identical to my other newer set . But they do n't work . A towel is supposed to dry you off , without actually feeling too wet itself . This towel does n't do that . It strangely does n't absorb water , yet it feels wet at the same time . It is suprisingly not dense , and just does n't work . I do n't have a clue how they managed to make a bad towel . Cheap hotel towels are better than this one . Seriously , do not buy these !
 My wife and I really like Egyptian cotton towels . We were excited by Amazon 's sale and took a chance . These towels are very soft . A huge plus ! Unfortunately they lack absorbency qualities . The towel feels cold as we dry off and the water does not feel like it is being absorbed . Wet and cold is not a good feeling in the morning ! We do not use dryer sheets or any type of detergent product that would coat the towels . As for pricing , we did NOT get a super saver discount as promised in Amazon 's advertising but were attracted to the initial sale price . All in all , we will not buy this towel again .
 These are beautiful , soft towels at a great price . Unfortunately , they lost color in splotches immediately after being used a few times . I washed the towels in warm water with Cheer detergent , and the pale green color had a tinge of orange in places . I have never had this problem with other towels . I was planning to use these as special towels for the guest bathroom , but now they will `` hide '' in our bathroom , since they are still wonderfully absorbent and nice to touch , but they look awful . I was quite disappointed , but at least they were cheap !
 They faded which did n't really bother me . What DID bother me is that it 's impossible to wash out the smell of the dye . I could smell the dye even when the towels were in a different room than I was in.Also , they are non-absorbent . I finally threw the whole set in the garbage .
 These towels are beautiful and feel extremely soft as described . The problem is that they are n't very absorbant . They just do n't dry my body like other towels do . I thought maybe that would change after a few washings , but no such luck . Theyv ' e been through six washings now and still no improvement.I 'm disappointed . I bought four sets but now I find myself reaching for old towels from the back of the linen closet.Also , be careful washing them . The colors will definitely run in the first two or three washings . Do n't wash with other towels -LRB- as I did -RRB- . The old towels will come out the color of your new ones .
 I bought the blue color of these towels for our guest bathroom . They would not be used regularly and I thought that I had gotten a great deal . After the first washing , as per the washing instructions , the edges were shredded . I also noticed that there are orange and white splotches on the towels and now attempt to creatively hide all the damage . These are not very soft either , so do n't be fooled by the description . I love Amazon but regret this purchase .
 It 's like wiping off with polyester instead of cotton . The water stays on the surface and feels really cold . The Bianca towels are much better .
 They 're ok . I ca n't say I was impressed . The price , of course , was great , but these towels certainly are not worth the quoted regular price of $ 130 . They had a lot of loose threads and are not particularly absorbant . They feel nice , but you can buy better quality towels at any housewares store that do not cost $ 130 for a set . I would say they are probably worth their sale price , clearly it is worth it for a 6 towel set , but they are a fairly low quality towel , so do n't think you are getting a great deal . I would suggest going to a discount housewares store and finding something there if you are looking for a deal .
 Do not waste your money - These towels do not absorb water which leaves you feeling cold and wet . Taupe color is not attractive either as it looks like the color of mud . Yes , they are soft and fluffy . Do n't Buy !
 These towels were awful . The first time I washed these towels they shredded at the edges . The few towels that did n't shred barely absorbed any water when trying to dry off . Do n't buy these towels .
 I needed these fast for guest and I expected thick towels that could last a while . I was greatly mistaken to have SUB-PAR towels which where and are a few steps down from target or walmart brand . If you need towels pay a little more or buy from a local store . Also the towel whilts and you will be wearing the color of the towels as well . TERRIBLE QUALITY !!!
 If you 're looking for a real towel with absorbency , keep looking ... these wo n't absorb duck sweat !
 Shame on Amazon , these towels are not thick , not soft , very linty , coming apart on the first wash . I 'm a guy , I do n't return stuff bit these are crap .
 The towels feel nice , but the washcloth and the hand towels are unraveling after only 4 months .
 I am not sure about previous reviews ... I have been using these towels since July -LRB- it is October -RRB- very lightly . First day I got it there was red stuff falling off throughout my room , and I did n't mind it because it was new so then I had washed it a few times and now its falling apart . Threads are coming off , covered my room in red thread balls , turned my other towels red , when I use this in the shower I come out covered red.Please look for better towels even it is $ 5-10 more expensive . I gave it 2 stars because it 's cheap and you get a lot of junk.Thanks
 I bought these a couple of months ago before moving into a new house . I used them for the first time last week and washed them . They are falling apart and can not be used . Not to mention all the red lint that went onto all the other clothes that needed to be hand pulled off . I do not reccommend these towels at all and am very disappointed .
 The towels certainly are soft , but they are thin and are extremely frayed after ONE wash . Also ... as another mentioned , they do not absorb water very well . That may change with additional washing ... but I 'm afraid the towel might disintegrate given the results after the first wash .
 The first set of towels that Amazon sent completely shredded on the edges during the FIRST washing ! I wrote an email and Amazon replaced the set . Well maybe I got a bad set the first time , I thought , give them another try . The second set did n't start shredding until the SECOND washing . I actually felt guilty about returning the second set and thought maybe I would just use them for the dog , but in addition to shredded edges , they are not absorbant ! So these are going back too . Maybe this brand used to be good , but my experience with two sets -LRB- taupe -RRB- was terrible . And really , even though the price was good , these towels are so bad that they are not worth it . You could get much better towels at Target for the same price .
 We got the towels , washed them , dried them , and they started to fall apart.The only good thing I can say about this is that Amazon makes it very easy to do returns.Amazon should not be selling stuff like this . It is absolute junk.I will never buy anything that says `` Pike Street `` For stuff like this there needs to be a way to give zero stars !
 I took everyone else 's advice and bought the cream color because I had problems with towels fading and getting blotchy . Well , this set started tearing apart from the first wash . We had n't even used it yet . The sides are coming apart . It 's not the washer/dryer problem , as they are brand new front loaders . They are very soft , but not worth even the $ 20 for the set that I bought them for ! Very frustrating .
 These towels promised to be a fitting and needed replacement for our old towels at home . I got them and put them in the washer and then the dryer . Pulling them out there were threads coming off the hemmed areas and hems falling apart on all the bath towels and hand towels . I was appalled at the poor sewing quality of these towels . Shame on you Amazon for peddling such crap !
 I purchased these towels that looked great when I opened the package . I washed them before I used them and now they look like I have had them for 10 years . The edges came apart , they faded and lost so much bulk they were n't even the same towels anymore . My old ones looked better .
 I read all the negative reviews for these towels , but decided to purchase them anyway , which I certainly should n't have done . They are not at all absorbent , and leave you ad wet as you were before you used them . I have ended up using them as shelf liners to add a color accent , because that 's about all they 're ending up as good for .
 After one wash they were falling apart . Also not very soft as you would expect based on how they were advertised .
 These towels are not egyptian cotton . I threw them into the washing machine and they came out torn with strings loose . I was disappointed in the quality . I will be using them as guest towels .
 You get what you pay for ... no more , maybe less.I was hopeful when I placed my order , they had gotten some good reviews . Then I received them and all hope was lost . These are seconds with loose threads , miss stitching and defects in the weave . I would expect to find this quality at Big Lots -LRB- but for a lower price -RRB- . After washing a noticeable defect in the weave about 5 '' long showed up on one of the bath towels . For $ 20.00 not worth the headache of returning them . I will use then for washing the car and the dog . They can not be on towel racks in the bathroom where guest would see them . The Bluestone color is more a periwinkle blue with purple under tones.Buyer be ware .
 I bought a set in cocoa color . I just washed them second time by hand and they are still discharging their die . They are huge but they shrink when you tumble dry them to a better size . And I have used scissors several times to trim loose threads around the hems-poor workmanship . And one wash towel has a visible tear right in the middle . And that horrible white tags!They are thirsty towels though.I am keeping them for the price I paid which was around 20 dollars .
 It is an outright lie to say that these towels retail for over $ 100 . Only online can you lie so blatantly.The towels are fine and look much better once you have given them a wash , but they are no better than any towel set you can get at target in my opinion . It is not like you are getting ripped off at the $ 30 range , but you are certainly getting no deal .
 The towels look nice and are good and heavy . Unfortunately , they are not absorbent . When toweling off after a shower you still end up wet -LRB- and cold -RRB- . I went back to using my old towels .
 I saw these towels had 4 stars and they were certainly cheap . I just needed towels for a guest bathroom . Opening the package , there was chunks of material all over the towels . I washed them and more chunks in the washer and then the dryer . The dye came off in the dryer . I 'll keep them for now as they look ok in the bathroom and will get a review on how they actually work next time I have a guest . I suspect they will be going to the animal shelter though .
 I was absolutely ecstatic when the towels were received . However , after one wash , and BEFORE we were even able to use them , they started fraying on the sides . Very disappointed and will probably not order from this company again .
 The color was not the same as in the picture . It was gray instead of lavender . I have returned it .
 I bought this expecting a high quality product but the bottom is not flat and it does not work well on my glass top range . I would not buy this again . Only way I can use it is to go outside and cook on my gas grill 's side burner . Bummer .
 This pillow became flat and hard in less than six months and I do n't even use it anymore . -LRB- I bought it new from Brookstone - just putting this review out to warn others . -RRB- It was very comfortable at first but for a product so expensive I expected better quality . The warranty department of Tempur-Pedic did not honor a warranty request , saying they only honor warranties for structural or manufacture defects . Do n't buy Tempur-Pedic .
 Unfortunately this pillow was a waste of money for me . I had two issues which made it unusable : First , the smell never entirely dissipated and caused allergy problems for my husband . They claim that these are hypo-allergenic , but this was not the case for us.Second , this actually CAUSED me to develop neck pain . I 've used cheaper foam pillows in the past with no problem , but something about this one wreaked havoc on my neck . I stopped using the pillow after about a month and the pain was gone in a week!This was an extremely disappointing experience , made even more so by Tempur-Pedic 's refusal to accept returns and lack of concern with the issues caused .
 Everyone raves about how easy this is to clean and how durable it is . The truth is that the seal separates from the paper inside within a few washes and then the placemat becomes fairly useless . Liked the dinosaur concept ; too bad its not well made . Also they should invent these things with suction cups on the bottom so the kid ca n't sweep it off the table so easily !
 I received my train today . I was charged shipping for 190lbs . If these 2 boxes weighed 40 lbs each it is a miracle . When I opened up the 1st box the bubble wrap looked dingy like it had been used before . I could n't believe my train was in these 2 boxes . Remember 190 lbs . The 2 large wheels for the engine was on top . One wheel has a whole in it and is all scratched up around the center . When I called brands on sale I spoke to `` paul '' he told me to take a picture and email it to him and he would send that to another guy to decide what to do . Hello I called with a complaint . I just spent 299.00 plus 144.00 for shipping -LRB- 190lbs -RRB- I just want my money back . If you are considering this product please reconsider and if you are considering this company I strongly advise against it . I have ordered many christmas decorations on line and I have never ran into this . Steer clear ...
 Bought this train two years ago -- worked fine the first year . Last year , the wheels on all of the cars stopped lighting up and since there are no individual strings of lights , there was no way to replace them . This item was expensive to order , shipping was no bargain , and it was flimsy and damaged when we received the train to `` assemble . '' We looked forward to using this train for years -- now it is going into the trash .
 These are definitely not my thing . The chocolate and toffee flavor is WAY too strong ; if I 'd have wanted hot cocoa I would have ordered it ! However , if you 're a big fan of gas-station cappuccinos - these may appeal to you ?
 VERY weak , in fact it was the last hope I had for my machine , which I am selling next week in a yard sale . It was the color of tea . Very bad .
 This poster is so God awful I ca n't even bare to look at it . When I pulled it out of the tube I was so disappointed to see it . the problem is not the fantastic band but rather the incredibly pixlated appearance of the image . It looks like the did a google image search , found that , and increased it from 2 '' X 3 '' to the 24 '' X 36 '' using the paint tool.Do not buy it .
 Ordered this for a client of mine who 's a 5th degree black belt and Bruce Lee is his hero !!! Poster is not whats shown or was n't what I received , no Bruce Lee caption or Chinese writing ... just a plain jane . .
 WE HAVE HAD THIS MODEL FOR 4-6 MONTHS AND IT LITERALLY IS DISINTEGRATING THE DRIVE WHEEL THAT PRESSES THE CAN INTO THE CUTTING EDGE IS MADE OF INFERIOR METAL THAT ITS GRINDING ITSELF TO POWDER , NOW THE CUTTING WHEEL IT SELFE IS DEFORMING SO BADLY WE CANT OPEN CANS WITH IT ANY MORE
 I ordered a wall mounted can opener , the description said , swing away wall can opener . What I received was a hand operated one instead of one that would be mounted on the wall . I sent it to my aunt and did n't know until this past weekend that she got the wrong thing . I was n't happy over the wrong thing being sent . thanks for listening
 I should have realized that the cost of this new can opener was to good to be true . Unless you put constant pressure on the can up and into the cutting wheel of the opener , the cutting wheel pops off . When this happens it is necessary to restart the cutting process . My old opener made in the USA NEVER jumped off of the can . I had that opener thirteen years . Just goes to show you that you never get something for nothing . These new Swingaway can openers are made in China . Manufacturing defect . Bad product .
 After 40 + years of owning several excellent white Swing Away wall canopeners , we needed to replace the last one . This brand new Swing Away wall can opener , purchased from Amazon , is WORTHLESS !! It will not open even one can without skipping and rolling off the can . The company should be ashamed of selling such a worthless product ! It deserves a rating of MINUS 5 stars .
 This is the worst can opener I have ever owned . I have used a wall mounted can opener my whole life , which is why I ordered this one . The last one finally got to where it would n't grip a can after many years of use . This one worked pretty well in the beginning , but now , only a few months later it will not cut a can open anymore . I just cut my thumb trying to pry open a lid . I need to take a picture of the next can that it fails miserably to open .
 It may look like my grandmother 's can opener , but it is a cheap flimsy imitation.I have only opened maybe 2 dozen cans since I bought it , and it can not even chew them open any more.The lid magnet is weak and falls off the lid and the opener every time , too.I just bought a safety hand opener to replace it and that is wonderful.This goes in the trash , and I 'll have to repair the holes where I mounted it .
 Sadly , I have had to downgrade my review from four stars to two based on follow-on experience . Before you believe all the four - and five-star reviews , no doubt written right after opening the box , read my follow-on at the bottom of this post . ---------------------------------- My standup electric lasted eight years and the motor bearings gave out . My replacement standup electric lasted six months and cans began falling off of it and making a huge mess -LRB- and wasted food -RRB- . Like many reviewers , I felt nostalgic for the old wall-mounted manual that just always seemed to work . This is as no-frills as you get ; no electricity , no motor , and no need to keep updating its internal software to be able to open the latest can design . I do have two quibbles.First , as noted by several others it does appear to be made more poorly than the opener of my youth . I am not sure that it is actually thinner , but it is certainly made to less exacting tolerances - it rattles around while you are using it . And secondly , for reasons I can not fathom , you activate the blade by pressing the lever away from you , rather than towards you like the version I had as a kid -LRB- think of the lever on a paper cutter ; you always cut towards you , not away , because you have better leverage that way -RRB- . This really is quite minor , since the long lever gives you excellent mechanical advantage anyway , but it is a bid more awkward and you do have to push a little bit harder . I wonder why they reversed the direction of the lever.One hint that has been mentioned but is worth repeating
 Needed to replace my old wall-mounted can opener because it had become dull.Big mistake - it worked better than TWO , new Swing-a-Ways ! Neither opened the can on the first revolution - took 2 or 3 to get it open.The magnet to hold the lid was not in either carton ; I had to use the one from my old opener.I can not find any competing brands - only `` distressed '' old models trying to be antiques , which I consider ugly.I 'm still looking ...
 Bought in in September . It works but sometimes you have to go around several times also it is sometimes hard to attach it . I love this type of can opener and past ones I have had look exactly the same but seemed to have worked better .
 I have been using these can openers for years . I have purchased 2 in the past 8 years because they were used extensively . I felt they were essential in my kitchen . However , when I received this one I ca n't tell you what a disappointment it was . Not only was it a flimsy copy of the others but it can barely open a can . I still ca n't believe I have had to resort to an electric opener . I will never again buy one of these sight unseen . .
 It does NOT work at all . The can will not stay on the opener . I have never gotten a can open with it .
 I had this can opener for many years and throroughly loved using it , then the blade got dull . I had to buy a replacement and thoroughly hate it . The old can opener was made in the USA , the replacement is made in China . The cuts are hit and miss on the cans -LRB- no matter the size -RRB- so you are wasting your time every time you use it . Finally threw it away and bought and electric can opener .
 My wife and I have always used a wall can opener identical in appearance to this one . Our old one worked well for many years before wearing out . Though this one looks the same , it wo n't open cans well at all . It continually slips off the can rim , requiring innumerable reinsertions . Several rounds are required to finally open the can and then I have to use a knife to pry the lid back because it is inevitably held on by a thread of remaining lid . The only hope you have in getting a good opener is if the particular one I received is a coincidental , rare dud . I ca n't know if that is the case , but I may have to resort to an electric opener or risk damnation for cursing every time I open a can . I 'm writing this not to malign the maker , but to save you from yours -LRB- ;-RRB- -RRB- .
 this is the 3rd Swing-A-Way can opener we have purchased . It does not open a can all the way . It leaves a short piece of the lid attached . Sometimes it leaves two pieces . Unfortunately , we did not save the packaging , etc. or I would return it .
 My mother used one of these wall mounted can openers when I was a child . When our manual opener broke about a year ago , I found that Amazon carried openers that looked like what I remembered . I ordered one and was impressed with its operation until after 10 cans or so when it began to ride up and out of the ` groove ' leaving the lid only partially cut . There are no adjustments and trying to keep the cutter in the groove was not successful . Looking at the experiences of others with this product on Amazon , I found they had the same problem . In hunting for other manufacturers , I did not find any . Seems the openers are now made in China and the quality seems to have suffered . It amazes me that it appears there is only one manufacturer for this product . It is disappointing because it really is much easier to open cans on a wall mount -LRB- that works -RRB- .
 I purchased this item after having used the product for over 10 years but it was getting a little grungy . I received the item , and in very very small print on the box it states made in China . I had read a previous review that stated item made in China was cheap , but I found this product as heavy and solidly built as my original . However , it would NOT open a can . Rotating the hand consistently caused the can to be expelled from the unit and it you were not holding it securely it became a countertop mess.I examined the product carefully and matched it against the original . The gears were not deformed , the fit of the bearings was as tignt , and the clearances were identical . But turning the handle expelled the can . And I tried it on several different cans.I checked on the web and the Original Swing-a-way company from St Louis has apparently been sold . All the listed phone numbers had been disconnected.I called the supplier in New York and they claimed this was the last item they had in stock.Guessing this might have been a manufacturing fluke , I ordered another identical item from another supplier -LRB- again , through Amazon . -RRB- This item arrived , looks identical to my original and the first order , and worked OK for about 2 months -LRB- with limited usage , and is now useless as a can opener . The opener will not hold the can securely and does a very erratic job of cutting the lid.I found out this product is indeed made in China , but the company is owned by Focus Products Group LLC , in Illinois . I contacted them about a return of the defective item but they were not interested.If you want the item , you take your chances . If you get another bummer , try contacting Focus Products Group directly for a replacement . I did not have any luck
 I bought this Can Opener for my wife who has difficulty opening cans with a standard thumb twist can opener , and I got tired of replacing batteries in our cordless . The wall mount concept is perfect since it keeps one less appliance from the countertop . The long handle was easy to operate ; however the cutting wheel is insufficient , or the clamping jaw does n't close enough to properly open a can . With a single rotation the can is cut in some areas , but not enough to open it . After multiple rotations -LRB- 4-5x around the can -RRB- the opener typically opens the can enough to get the top off.I do not reccomemd this product , simply because it does not open cans sufficiently .
 This is not the same as similar looking ones of old . IT almost always grinds up over the rim , & not cutting the lid off . Have tried tilting , pushing up , etc. . None work . Am returnuing it for a refund . Must have been re-designed , but now does not work . do not buy it .
 Poorly manufactured by cheap labor in China . I ended up returning it for a credit refund . The magnet was broken off the minute I took it out of the package . These used to be a high quality product before they were shipped off to be manufactured in China with inferior materials . I should 've known better !
 I owned an original swing away can opener that was worn from decades of service so I naturally assumed the product would be near as good . The quality of the one I received is so poor its slips of the wheel and never ever opens or cuts fully around any type of can . It is pretty much useless as it only caves in the edges and occasional cuts partially around and then slips off . What junk!Unfortunately I did n't mount it and try it when I got it as I was still using my 1940 's version and will have to go back to it .
 It worked OK for 1-2 months , and then poorly for another 1-2 months , and now it is not worth using .
 It works pretty well . Easy to turn . It 's called a swing away , which it does , but I thought it would neatly go up against the wall , and it does n't really fit up against the wall very neatly . You 'd need to mount it on a a board or something so it would sticks out a little from the wall a little bit more before it will neatly swing back towards the wall.I 'm coming back to this a year or so later because the damn thing quickly stopped working and we might as well take it off the wall because it wo n't open a can anymore . I 'm really disappointed now .
 I ORDERED THIS CAN OPENER AS THE ONE I HAD WAS REMOVED FOR PAINTING AND I FIGURED IT WAS TIME TO REPLACE IT . WHEN IT CAME I THREW THE OLD ONE AWAY . -LRB- BIG MISTAKE -RRB- I PUT UP THE NEW ONE AND IT DOEAS N'T OPEN A CAN ALL THE WAY ARROUND . IT SKIPS . SOOOOO DISAPOINTED . CA N'T SEND IT BACK AS I THROUGH THE BOX AWAY . BUMMER .
 Do n't order from this shipper . Instead of the item I ordered , I received a hand held can opener which I had to return at my own expense AND I was told I would have to reorder the item , even though the mistake was theirs . After many emails later , they finally agreed to refund the price of the can opener and the original postage NOT the return postage . Do n't bother with these people . They ca n't even get a simple order right !
 I bought this can opener because my Dad had the best of everything and now I was going to have the best . Installed this can opener and it WAS the best . It works great , until 3 months go by . Now no one in the family can open a can with it . Save your money and buy something else , I have not figured out which can opener yet , maybe electric .
 I have had this opener just over a year . My OLD swingaway , which I bought used , finally wore out , so a little over a year ago , I ordered another one `` just like it '' to replace it . Let me tell you , this new one was not `` just like '' the old one . I noticed right away that the metal was not as heavy , but figured as long as it still worked , it would be ok . Well , last night opening a can , the can would NOT stay `` attached '' and I had to reattach the can about 5 times to finally get it opened . Very frustrating ! What is wrong with companies making products that will last?I just ordered a completely different brand , Swing-a-way aint what it used to be !
 Like other reviewers , I tossed out our old swing-away opener after installing the new one . Boy am I sorry . No matter how hard we try , the new one will not cut around a can without several tries . We end up with lots of sharp cutting barbs and the lid is still on . This was never a problem with the old one . Do not be tricked into getting this one !
 I grew up with this can opener . I 've used one like it since I was tall enough to reach my parents ' somewhere around 1970 . The one I 'm pretty sure I got at OSH years ago lasted at least a decade . In May 2011 it finally wore out , so I ordered the obvious replacement from Amazon , model 609 . I open about 8 cans a year . Less than 2 years later , the gear on the handle has come loose from the axle . Handle turns , nothing happens . Worthless.The body seems quite sturdy , but what we ca n't see is the inner workings , which apparently are as poorly made as so many here have reported . I thought I knew better , based on my previous experience . But apparently that was with another manufacturer 's version of this poor knock-off . For 8 cans a year , I ca n't justify the counter space for a plug-in . A rechargable would be annoying , since it would always be dead when I infrequently reached for it . Living in earthquake country , we all need a good `` survival '' can opener that works without power . Why ca n't anybody make a quality hand crank with a handle that wo n't put high pressure on arthritic thumbs ??? I 'm only 48 !
 This -LRB- Chinese-made -RRB- Amco wall can opener is inferior in every way to the hand-held -LRB- USA-made -RRB- version that I have had for years and still use to this day.The metal the body is made of is thin.It is impossible to engage the cutting wheel without tipping the can to place it under the cutter . So if the can has any liquid in it , like soup , it makes a huge mess.Also , because of the thin metal of the body , the opener fits very loosely inside the slot on the bracket and constantly pops out , which requires one hand to hold the can and the other to do double duty - turning the handle and holding the opener in the slot.What an annoying waste of money .
 October 2010 I purchased my third -LRB- in 30 + years -RRB- Swing-A-Way wall mount can opener . After so many years of excellent service , why would n't I get another one ? Sadly , the new one lasted two -LRB- 2 -RRB- MONTHS ! ! ! then it started partially cutting the cans , leaving three or four spots not cut ! So I did some research - learned that the wonderfully reliable Swing-A-Way can opener company in St. Louis , MO closed in 2005 . Now , the company that they had been a subsidiary of - Focus Products - is selling them under the manufacturer name of AMCO -LRB- trying to look like an American company - what a cheat ! -RRB- BUT they are MADE IN CHINA ! Some web site sellers still claim `` made in USA '' -LRB- using old information , not corrected by Focus ! -RRB- They are still claiming a 5 year warranty , I doubt they would really honor it , and still have a `` Good Housekeeping '' symbol on the packaging ! I intend to contact the Good Housekeeping folks . BUYER BEWARE - ALL Swing-A-Way can openers are MADE IN CHINA !!! It LOOKS like the `` real '' thing - but is a cheap knock off ! ! ! AND NOT WORTH EVEN THE CHEAP PRICE !
 THIS IS NOT THE CAN OPENER YOUR MOTHER HAD . THIS IS A CHINESE KNOCK OFF . WORKED FOR ABOUT 6 MOS . NOW THE SOFT METAL GEARS AND CUTTER WO N'T OPEN CANS . WE USE THIS IN A HOME KITCHEN AND IT HAS NOT BEEN MISUSED IN ANY WAY . I HAVE 2 OF THE HAND HELD CAN OPENERS BY SWING A WAY THEY ALSO SUFFER FROM METAL FATIGUE . THEY STILL WORK BUT NO BETTER THAN ONE FROM THE LOCAL GROCERY STORE . THEY ALL STARTED OUT FINE BUT THE CHEAP METAL SOON GAVE OUT . BUYER BEWARE !!!
 The can jumps out of the gears , and that 's on a good day . Usually the opener does n't even punch a hole in the lid . Misdesign ? Sloppy tolerances ? Manufacturing error ? I do n't know . The opener is in the trash now . I will never buy another Swing-A-Way product . Maybe they were good in the past , but their modern incarnation gets an F from me .
 The scale is everything the manufacturer claims . However , with minimal use by one average sized adult , our scale lasted only about nine months . The balance part of the scale is very sound , but the battery clip that powers the electronics is poorly designed and built of very cheap components . I suspect that poor Q&A ; will result in a fairly high percentage of these units failing and recommend that you go elsewhere . Today , my scale will not function unless I hold the batteries by hand -LRB- not too practical when someone is standing on it ... -RRB- . Conclusions : * Scale design is nice -- looks good . * Construction of balance components is solid , glass is very strong . Design and construction of the power unit -LRB- battery -RRB- is rather poor . * Scale functions as advertised for a normal sized -LRB- 80kg/175lb -RRB- adult ... until the battery power clip dies . * Buyers should avoid this scale in favor of something with more solid battery compartment and connections.Hope this helps !
 Maybe my unit was just defective , but here 's my experience with this scale : First impression
 It worked quite nicely until after about 9 months the display just stopped working . Changed the batteries to no avail . It 's very pretty , but I have a less attractive old Tanita that does body fat measurements which has been working for 5 years .
 Stopped working after one day ! Show scrambled characters on the LCD . This scale was probably made for aliens since its reading is not legible to the human eye . Returned it .
 This product was great while it lasted , as in many reviews already written . However after the battery -LRB- which when I originally ordered it was one of those circular batteries -RRB- ran out -LRB- approx . 1 yr after purchase -RRB- , the product never fully recovered.I went to the hardware to purchase the replacement batteries and I put them in . Then whenever someone stood on the scale , it displayed garbage characters on the screen . I tried contacting Soehnle via email , no response . I tried contacting Amazon , citing the `` 10-yr warranty '' mentioned on the description page and was told since 30 days had elapsed my only option is to return it for a partial refund . This product would have gotten 5 stars from me if
 Very nice scale for a couple years . Then one of the input -LRB- up arrow -RRB- buttons stopped working . I did not do anything out of the ordinary to cause this . Now it impossible to input the personal data for a new user required for the scale to perform the advanced functions . The current profile was messed up before realizing the `` up '' button was not working . It still measures the weight accurately , but all of the advanced functions are not functioning . I will contact Soehnle through their US website.Update 11/2008
 I bought this scale a year ago . The first unit I got broke within a month , simply stopped working . Amazon replaced it . This one is now broken too , simply stopped working . -LRB- Note
 As soon as i received this product , it was broken , despite the fact that i bought a new , not used product . The screen would only show parts of numbers or would be completely blank . I do n't think online purchasing is the way to go about buying scales . I want to make sure it works before i purchase it from now on , so I would recommend going to an actual store .
 The first one we got broke within seconds of turning it on - the display just showed some abstract segments of the LCD . The second one seemed to work but could not be changed from reading in kilos - yes we removed the battery as per the instructions . These scales claim German engineering but they are in fact made in China and are really cheaply made - do n't waste your money .
 This scale looks very elegant . Unfortunately , that 's about all that 's good about it.This scale takestwo large disc batteries -LRB- CR 2430 -RRB- . They are similar to hearing aid type batteries , but much larger in diameter . It would certainly be nicer with cheaper batteries . Unfortunately , even with cheaper batteries , you still have to deal with the fact that it 's inherently not as accurate as a balance scale.The only way I can get it to give a remotely accurate reading is to hang my heels off of the rear edge of the scale . Unfortunately , that means I have to make sure I 'm consistently balancing in the same place -LRB- on my toes -RRB- , or else the reading will be off . Also , if the weight change is slight -LRB- < 5 lbs -RRB- , and you are barefoot , the scale has a tendency to `` recalculate '' and give you a -LRB- false -RRB- previously stored reading . This is likely an attempt to compensate for the scales poor accuracy , but it has an obvious downside.If you 're looking for an accurate home scale , you 're going to need to spend more money on a less attractive , heavier , and larger balance scale . Those are the kind you find in a doctor 's office , where you move weights on a balance beam to counter your weight . That 's not entirely Soehnle 's fault , since every spring scale I 've tried to date seems to have this problem.Nonetheless , you should be aware of the fact , since other reviews that praise this scale 's accuracy are misleading . Spring scales are typically only accurate within a small `` middle '' range . Those at the very low end or the very high end of the range will find their readings to be inaccurate .
 I got the machine for my fat , muscle and water analysis as well as my weight . After 1 month of use it only shows the weight . The scale no longer works properly . It no longer shows anything else but the weight . It was a waste of money .
 This pump is a bundle of lies.One , the `` rust-free stainless steel pump '' is plastic.Two , the paint has started to bubble and flake off , and it 's rusting around the weld at the bottom and the soap is leaking out slowly . Always leaves a ring of soap and rust . The quality is terrible !
 I 've had this soap dispenser for about a year and a half . My wife has complained about it since day one because while it looks nice , it dispenses very small amounts of soap with each pump -LRB- so you have to pump it several times to get enough soap to wash your hands -RRB- . I was n't too worried about that myself . However , the straw-that-broke-the-camel 's back for me was the rust that was showing up around the bottom edge of the dispenser * AND * on my counter . Not only was it rusting , but it actually rusted * through * and was leaking soap -LRB- albeit slowly at this point -RRB- . Clearly this was * not * designed to be in wet areas -LRB- and where else would one put a soap dispenser ??? -RRB- . All-in-all a crappy product.I strongly recommend against buying one as you 'll end up replacing it in a year or two .
 I previously reviewed these sheets shortly after I received them . Now I have all sorts of new things to say about them . I got them in early March -LRB- or late February -RRB- 2008 . It is now June 2008 . These sheets feel cheap , they are not soft , they hardly fit my 21-inch mattrest , and were insanely expensive . They pill !! They feel like carpet , now . I bought a Wamsutta set at Bed Bath and Beyond for $ 95 -LRB- admittedly , they were on sale -RRB- and they are TWICE as good as than this set . Do n't waste your money , time , or shipping dollars on these incredibly cheap and rough sheets . -LRB- Did I mention that I almost gave myself a concussion getting the fitted sheet around the mattress ? And it STILL did n't fit all the way down to the bottom and tuck underneath . -RRB-
 I purchased this sheet set for a xl-full bed , it falls off the bed , had a stain already on the sheet set and the company does not send you a packing slip or any information on how to contact them about a problem with their product.For a luxury sheet set I would not order from them again .
 Why ? . Must have info . Is it a removeable crock ? What setting ? How would I know to buy , if only ? 's ?
 I do n't get this product.Was looking for it to create that promised shine.Instead , what I got was an oily greasy surface.Has to use other cleaners to take it off and get back the shine .
 For years I had a melita 4 cup coffee maker and it was great with real hot coffed but I moved 3 times and it finally died . I tried to get another but they had discontinued the model . I have tried several others , mr. coffee etc. and they were ok but once you put milk in the coffee it was luke warm . I was excited to find another small melita . It is better then the others but it has some safety thing where the coffee stays hot buy not real hot and if you put in milk it is less hot . It is not as bad as luke warm but not much better . I am very disappointed .
 I bought this coffee maker a few weeks ago . I do n't drink coffee every day , so I have n't put it to heavy use , but I have used it about a dozen times . Recently , it has become unreliable . About 30 percent of the time , it only produces steam instead of coffee . The grounds in the filter are wet , and a few dribs and drabs of coffee end up in the pot . The instruction book said it meant that the thing had to be decalcified , so I went through the whole decalcification process with vinegar and water . It did n't work . Well , I threw out the shipping papers , so I ca n't return it under warranty.Mine may be the exception to the rule . I thought Melitta was supposed to be pretty good .
 Due to the error made in the design of this product , I have not used it more than 5 or 6 times . As far as I know the coffee maker would function properly if it did n't have the `` warming feature '' . This feature does not allow the coffee to get hot enough to pour in a vacuum bottle and use at home or take it with you . I reported the problem to Melitta and they refered me to their manufacturing partner Salton.Salton told me that they did n't have a like model in stock and would have to back order or substitute another brand . Thinking that if I waited until they got one in which would have the same problem I agreeded to take a lesser brand which does n't cost as much as the ME5CB model.I pretty much lost all the way around on this deal . I will wait and see how the TCM4B Toastmaster works . My experience with Melitta had been good in years past . But previous models did not have the `` warming feature '' which I guess protects yourself against burns . I prefer to worry about burns on my own thanks any way !
 Like others have written regarding the old white Melitta Coffee maker , I consider that one to be the best ever created ! Ok , maybe going overboard with that but really , everything out there today is junk ! I had high hopes for this Melitta 5-cupper but it has disappointed me . On the plus side , it looks very nice and the carafe is nicely designed . On the negative side , the cone filters do n't fit well in the dripper . I have to press it into the holder so I can swing it closed . Sometimes the edge of the cone filter catches and water drips down the side giving me a watered down coffee . Another thing it does n't do well is heat the coffee . It 's ok if you drink it black but the moment you add milk the coffee becomes lukewarm . I tried warming the milk first and that worked great , but who needs yet another step before drinking your coffee ? All they have to do is make it hotter in the first place , like Starbucks does ! Another thing I hate about this one and most of the others is the little device that prevents drips if you just ca n't wait 2 minutes for the coffee to finish brewing . Come on folks , it 's only 2 cups ! How long does that take ? I know it says 5 cups but I can only fill 2 mugs when I use it to capacity . Lately another problem has emerged ; the little swing open holder does n't fully engage and opens a little causing coffee to drip all over the place . You ca n't tell it 's open until the spilling starts . My advice to manufacturers is , just design a simple non-digital , do n't - need-auto-stop-spring-device . Just build something that fits the cone filter , makes hot coffee , and is robust in design . In short , build one like the old white Melitta coffee maker that worked so well for me for such good long time .
 Why Melitta would replace an excellent 4 cup maker that worked better -LRB- hotter coffee -RRB- and easier -LRB- the basket on this model is a pain -RRB- is hard to understand . I bought this one based on previous experience with the company and their reputation . Apparently neither means much .
 When I first saw the Melitta coffee maker my first impression was that it looked cheap and very fragile . My instincts were correct because the unit stopped pumping water after just two weeks . I 've noticed that the older 4 cup machines are built much better . I had a Krups 4 cup that was built like a tank and put out a great cup of coffee . Unfortunately my wife threw away the filter base so I had to start looking for a new machine . I told my mom about my Melitta woes and she dropped off her OLD 4 cup Mr.Coffee machine . That machine is built great and makes great coffee just like my old Krups machine . The newer machines are made much cheaper than the older ones -LRB- I would rather not break out my conspiracy theories on Amazon -RRB- . The Aeropress is an excellent coffee product if you do n't mind the manual steps involved . Before you buy go to the store and touch and feel the units for quality . Amazon reviews are amazingly accurate and is a great way to purchase wisely .
 Melitta ruined the perfect product with this model . I bought it because of my experience with their now discontinued 4-Cup brewer . The difference could not be more stark . It is well priced , more modern , features a detachable water tank , and easier to pour . However it brews a horribly luke warm cup of coffee . The only up side I can see to this aspect it that if you need to suck down a cup of coffee in 5-minutes or less , this is the coffee maker to get . The unit is a perfect example of form over function .
 Ditto to all reviewers who lament the old white 4-cup . I bought the 5-cup a couple of years ago . Makes decent coffee . But the carafe drips unless you pour very carefully and the warming plate does n't do a good job of keeping the coffee hot . My major complaint is that it takes 25 minutes to brew a pot of coffee . I give it a vinegar treatment regularly and remove and clean the water tank . Trouble is , after exhaustive research , I do n't think there 's a small electric drip coffee maker that fills the bill . The old 4-cup is still in the garage , seriously stained , pitted and ugly . I 'm tempted to haul it out , but I 'm now used to that extra cup .
 Makes good coffee , but the tank leaks : -LRB- And the carafe cracked on the bottom already ; from the heat?Well the price was right -- I paid < $ 7.00 for this , with free shipping . But really , it 's not worth it . May be a disposable price , but I do n't agree with a disposable coffee maker -- it will fill up the landfills quickly .
 I bought this item for $ 6.87 , on the theory how much could I lose.I lost $ 6.87 . She stopped pumping the water thru.Amazon should discontinue the item and Melitta should recall them and throw them all out .
 I bought this stove for atmosphere and for heat . It came with one broken foot and after waiting 30 minutes for a customer service rep I hung up . After 3 months the heater now does not work . What now ? Yea , I suppose it has one of the more `` realistic '' fake flames but even when the heater did work , it put out very little heat for 1500W . My suggestion is go to your local home center and buy one there -LRB- probably for less -RRB- if it has an issue I would guess you could take it back for refund or replacement . I gave it 2 stars -LRB- generously -RRB- because of the lovely flame . I would not recommend however .
 I would highly recommend this to someone I did n't like very well . It broke in to pieces within minutes of unloading it . However , I am giving it 2 stars because when I plugged it in it still looked pretty good besides being all cattywampus . It 's going back though , and if I do get another one it wo n't be this model . I am giving my niece the smaller version -LRB- CS3311 -RRB- for her apartment and it 's pretty nice . I would go for it or the little Delonghi . Good luck in your quest for fire .
 I had to return the first Soehnle scale I ordered due to the digital display not working at all . I ordered a replacement scale . The digital display worked on this one , but the glass top was mounted a little crooked compared to the feet of the unit . My wife wanted to return this scale as well , but this scale does seem to give a more accurate weight reading than our old scale . So I guess we will keep it for 30 days and then decide . Also , this scale was only engineered in Germany . It was actually made in the Czech Republic .
 I ordered two of these scales . Both of them were way off , sometimes not working at all . I think they were defective , so this might be a slightly tainted review.On the other hand , I did try a working Milano , which has the same feature set as this . It was working , but was extremely inaccurate . Giving different weights every time -LRB- off by 5-10 pounds -RRB- . I do not recommend these scales , although if they delivered what they promised , it would be a great scale .
 Well I was excited to get a quality product Made in Germany for a price that was adequate for a product Made in Germany . What I got was `` German engeneering '' made in China . I always try to avoid at all cost buying electric or other high tech products made in China because my experience with two or three of them showed me that they just lack quality and break down all the time.Performance is ok so far . I had some mismeasurements . The personal info entered can not be deleted without deleting the info for all persons saved . A few times the scale did not recognize me . It looks better on pictures than in reality.I do n't recomend buying this product . It is overpriced for the actual product you get.If I had known this product was made in China I would n't have bought it . I am still debating if I should return it as shipping costs are high.In short , very disappointed .
 This scale seemed to work great for about the length of the warranty period . Then it started showing LO for battery replacement . Changing batteries only made it operate for about a week , and unreliably at that . Thinking maybe the new batteries were bad , I tried again to no avail . I 'd love a scale that measures body fat , but this one is n't a good choice .
 I was so excited about this expensive steel cookie press . Then it arrived -LRB- on time of course -RRB- . I quickly read the directions , assembled my cookie baking goodies . THEN the filled cookie press fell apart and I could not get the cookie press together again . Not one cookie was pressed.sent it back .
 This was a gift for my mother who is in her 70s . She could not press te handle hard enough to get the dough out . I tried it and I could not do it either . My husband tried and he was able to use this however with much effort . Not friendly nor easy to use at all .
 AWFUL . There are alot of wrong with this product . First and foremost , it needs a non slip grip on the barrel . Cookie didnt come out acceptable no matter how perfect my dough is -LRB- even store bought ones -RRB- . The rest is jst so so
 How they can ask the price they do is outrages , it plain does n't work ... Do n't Buy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Will be returned to Amazon !!
 This was extremely hard to press . The adjustment for pressure did not work and I found it difficult to use
 It actually looked like it was made well but it did not work when I received it . I would not advance the plunger when you pulled the lever . It was n't me it was defective . I returned it and got a refund with no problem
 When I saw this fountain online I was so excited , I love natural gemstones and I wanted a lighted fountain so this looked perfect.I waited anxiously for it to arrive and when it did I was so excited , I opened it right away so I could put it together and use it.Well , forget it , this is the most impossible thing to assemble that I have ever purchased.Actually , I do not think it can even be done , unless you have eight hands and exceptional talent and the patience of a watchmaker.The directions are terrible , no help at all . My husband and I worked on it for hours . THe first time we thought we had it and then when we turned it on water was leaking out of the bowl where the power cord comes out . So then we had to take it apart , worked on it again for many frustrating hours -LRB- its like one of those things that takes extreme coordination to make the parts all come together at the same time , very frustrating because you almost have it and then a part will slip out and you have to start all over again . -RRB- The second time we thought we finally had it and then plugged it in and this time the light did not work . ! Also , even if you did have the patience and extraordinary skills to get this thing assembled and working , the directions say you have to change the water every 2 weeks which would require taking it apart and then putting it together again !! That 's it , we ca n't do it anymore and decided we want to send it back , but when I logged onto amazon to start return process I find that the seller does not accept returns . So i have written a complaint and I am waiting to hear if they are willing to help us anyway in this case.Please save yourself some money , stress and aggravation and do not buy this no matter how pretty it looks . And it would be very pretty once assembled and working , but its just not feasible , sorry to say.ps , the one star rating is only because the computer would not accept a zero star rating.so I guess the one star could be for the gemstones , they are very pretty .
 cheaply made - the handle broke the first time that I used it ! The bottom cup does n't line up easily with the pressing cone - making it break off easily . Wish I 'd sent it back .
 I would not recommend purchasing this item to anyone . It works on smaller fruit like lemons and limes , but leaves too much juice in an orange . It only squeezes juice from the middle of the orange . My $ 1 hand held squeezer takes a lot longer but works much better , do n't waste your money .
 This item was damaged . I contacted the seller and they promised to send a pickup and credit my account . That was over a month ago . I have been very disappointed .
 I bought this scale , in part relying on the German stereotype of precision and quality -LRB- Soehnle is a German firm -RRB- , and was dissapointed in both regards . The item came with batteries that leaked and damaged the screen slightly . The weight -LRB- of me -RRB- that the unit gave was off by more than 50lb -LRB- relative to conventional scales -RRB- . It is of course possible that this particular unit that I purchased was defective and that others would work fine .
 I purchased this scale 6 months ago and am VERY disappointed . Weight readings are extremely inaccurate . I am not sure if the rest -LRB- fat and water % -RRB- are accurate or not.I can step on and off the scale a dozen times and get different readings every time . And NONE of them match the other scale in my house , or my Dr 's scale .
 So far I 've had four of these break on me leaving the coffee full of grounds . I never had this problem with the natural filters . I bought these thinking that the &#34; paper &#34; smell of the natural filters would be reduced . It is but it 's not worth the wasted coffee . Very disappointed and I have a bunch of them to use up .
 The product is fine . But the description is misleading . Each package contains `` 40 count , '' that is , 40 filters . But this is not a '' -LRB- Pack of 12 -RRB- , '' as you would think from the description , from the price reduction -LRB- from $ 23.88 to $ 1.93 -RRB- , and from the shipping weight -LRB- 4.20 lbs -RRB- . It 's just one box of 40 filters . And you 'll pay , as I did , $ 11 for FedEx to bring you this one box.Soon after I submitted this feedback , I was issued a partial refund of $ 7 . Product description still needs correcting , but at least customer service was responsive .
 Home and Beyond and True Value offers this 12 pack of coffee filters with 40 in each pack . I ordered two 12 packs of 40 coffee filters each and Home and Beyond only sent two packs of 40 . Not the 24 packs I ordered and paid for . My advice is do not do business with Home and Beyond or True Value when buying these coffee filters because they do not ship what the listing says . Until Amazon starts enforcing Home and Beyond and True Value to honor what they list in their offerings , IMHO then the buyers need to go somewhere else . Weight says 4.20 pounds . Are they trying to say one tiny pack of 40 paper coffee filters weighs 4.20 pounds ???
 When I ordered the Melitta filters -LRB- pack of 12 -RRB- , I thought I was getting 12 packages of filters ! This would have been a good buy for about $ 20.00 . However , to my amazement and consternation , I found ONE package of filters arrived in the mail . My own fault , to be sure , for not checking more carefully . You can be sure I will if I ever do this again !!!!!!!!!!!
 when selling two different dishes in a package , it would be nice to know the size of BOTH dishes ... I 'm trying to locate a 6x10 sized oblong dish - which seems to be an almost discontinued size by most manufacturers . If the dish was now sold as a part of a pair , the pair would be purchased to obtain the size I 'm trying to find . But if only the standard larger size is known , I 'll not gamble a purchase to find out the smaller size is not the right size .
 this item was given a refund for you people were suppose to send back a mailing label so i could return this almost a month now and still no label as it sits int eh house taking up room waiting for you guys to get off your butts , and do someting about it very disatisfied
 My wife bought a 9 X 13 Pyrex glass pan several weeks ago to cook lasagna for our dinner party . Took it out of the oven and it exploded like a grenade ! Glass shards flew across the kitchen into the dining room . Could easily have blinded her ! Google `` pyrex complaints '' and you 'll see there are hundreds of similar instances . We contacted the manufacturer and got offered a new free pan . Thanks anyway , we do n't want to dodge glass shrapnel bombs ...
 This shower rod broke after a few months , theres a plastic piece that holds the two rods together and once that breaks your just out of 150 dollars , down the drain ... the plastic piece cant be removed
 Well , it 's my fault for expecting much for 10 bucks , but what a disappointment considering the quality associated with the Kaiser brand ! The set is cheap cheap cheap , the metal so flimsy it feels like it will buckle like a soda can.I 'd return it if it was remotely worth the return postage .
 I must agree with the reviewer from Georgia . I purchased several Hagerty Zippered Bags from two different vendors here on Amazon.com . The first vendor sent my order for -LRB- 4 -RRB- 9 `` x12 '' bags and -LRB- 4 -RRB- 15 `` x15 '' bags ; the second vendor -LRB- ordered several months later -RRB- sent my order for -LRB- 1 -RRB- 24 `` x30 '' bag . Both vendors , by the way , were excellent to deal with . All my silver was polished to it 's best and placed into the bags and put away for long-term storage . -LRB- I am a retired butler to one of the country 's great families . I know all about polishing silver and what is , and what is not , a good polish of this metal -RRB- . It was in June of this year that I received a notice from the second vendor regarding the large tray bag . She asked that I check the silver and notify her of the silver tray 's condition . I took it out of storage , removed it from the bag and was amazed to find that the silver not only tarnished badly after less than two months , but that there was also a while chalky film covering most of the sterling tray . I called her immediately and reported what I had found . She explained that she had received the same replies from a couple of her customers . It was then I found out that Hagerty has suspended its USA production of the bags and has out-sourced them to China . What a surprise ! The bags may look the same , but the quality of material and whatever tarnish retarding properties that may have been added to the material was very much lacking . It may , more importantly , not at all be safe for the silver -LRB- sterling or plate -RRB- . She replaced the bag with one made in the USA . I had an unused boxed bag from the other set and checked the box for manufacture 's origin . It was Made in China.I immediately looked at all the silver in the other seven smaller bags and the same condition found on the tray was also on all the pieces comprising the large sterling tea set . Now I was horrified . I called the first vendor , explained the situation , but they were not able to replace the bags as the 90-day return period had expired . I was given the phone number to Hagerty to find a solution.Unfortunately calling Hagerty is of no use to anyone . You will get the famous `` menu '' to select the person you want to contact . Only problem is that you are n't given any indication who or what this person is or does . I selected at random 3 different persons and left voice messages . There was never any response . After two weeks I sent an e-mail asking what solution could be arranged for replacement of these inferior bags . No response . The next week , I sent a not-so-nice e-mail outlining my very great displeasure with their product , but more importantly , their total lack of customer service . I even mentioned that I would write this review - thinking they might not want unfavorable mention of this incident made public to such a large audience as is found on Amazon.com . My personal customer service intentions are always carried through to never less than satisfactory expectations . Hence , this review.If you order these bags , I would be very careful to do so without first checking with the supplier/vendor about where the Hagerty bags are manufactured . On a side note consider this , too . I received the large replacement tray bag -LRB- Made in USA -RRB- and after a `` down to the metal '' polish , I put it into the bag . I checked the tray just a few days ago and noticed it was beginning to tarnish . So , what gives with the USA bags ? Like the Georgia reviewer , I have used the same Hagerty bags for nearly 50 years without any issue . Now , these new bags do n't seem to be any better , or more effective , than wrapping the silver in newspaper . I would avoid Hagerty altogether and make my own bags from yardage from Pacific Silver Cloth ... as I am now doing .
 I bought several of these silversmith 's cloth bags and found that they do not keep my sterling silver flatware nearly as tarnish free as my older bags that came with my silver . My older feltt bags came with the silver 35 yrsago and have kept the silver tarnish free . These newer Hagerty silversmith cloths do not .
 I 'm really disappointed with my recent purchase . I just opened the bag to take out some silver and it 's tarnished . Really a disappointment . I do n't know if the bag was made in China as others have said , but I do know the product did n't work . I should return it . Very reluctant to buy more until they change manufacturers .
 the cutting board warped within one week even after strictly following the cleaning instructions . not the quality I was expecting from this brand .
 Quality just not there as in the BOOS cutting board . I just recently purchased both . Did the advised prep with mineral oil and beeswax let it set over night.The Catskill grain is not as dense I guess as the BOOS . Parts of the board soaked up the oil so much I even reapplied . The Catskill if you look at it from an angle the grain is raised looks like the fuzz on a peach . And if you rub your hand across it its rough . I did my first slicing on it beef steak into strips and the knife left real aparent slices in it . I also used the BOOS to slice onion and garlic it left marks but not as much as the Catskills . I washed both up and the Catskill looks like it needs oiling again . The BOOS looks brand new . Catskills looks very pretty though from afar just beware of the different type of woods they use I guess - in my kitchen and mind stick with the BOOSUpdate little more than 2 weeks now after purchase the board is warped !! Nice
 I was excited to get this product at such a great price . Unfortunately , it is made of cheap materials . After a couple of uses , we could clearly see the interior starting to flake off and rust . Coffee is clearly acidic and it will eat away at some types of metal - like the one this espresso maker is made of . I 've used similar products purchased from Italy and this has never happened before . Just to make sure , I tested the product - I put plain water in it and when it came to a boil , I poured the water into a cup and out came flakes of metal pieces . Not healthy at all!Bialetti 6799 Moka Express 3-Cup Stovetop Espresso Maker
 We had a Bialetti , but we screwed up , did n't place it on the stovetop correctly and the handle melted . We had it for years and it was our own fault for killing it . That 's why I wanted to replace it with another Bialetti . They have been consistent in their quality.Let me be clear
 This is for the Bialetti 3-cup Expresso Maker - The one star is for incorrect advertising . Even by overfilling it as much as possible , I got a scant 4 oz . from this pot not 6 oz . as the description says . It makes a nice cup of coffee , but I 'm returning it because I did not get what was advertised . I bought it because there are 3 of us and I want 3 2-oz . cups . Amazon needs to correct their writeup .
 I was very excited by a majority of previous reviews of this product ... they seem so passionate and happy ; I wanted to be , too . Alas , the product shipped to me failed to keep a seal at the middle no matter what amount of coffee I put into the cup . I returned it as defective .
 The handle broke in under five minutes . The top did n't screw onto the bottom well at all ; in fact , it leaked while I was trying to make espresso . The screw itself was rough and could cut you if you ran your finger along it . I never did get any espresso out of it . This item is complete junk .
 I have a gas stove , I was careful and offset the pot so the handle was not over the open flame and the handle still melted off after a week . It is VERY small `` 3 cup '' really means `` 3 shots '' . And you have to let it cool down before you can use it again . I am online looking for something different right now . Maybe an all metal version or possibly a stand alone electric version .
 I bought many different types and sizes of expresso machines . I decided to try the old standard stove top kind . This one did not work well , it leaked and I returned it . I bought one at Publix for $ 9.00 and it works GREAT !
 A week or two after I purchased it the internal part of the item started to change colors and the coffee prepared started to get bad taste . Absolutely disappointing .
 I did not like this product . I 'm not aspiring to learn how to be a coffee expert . I tried this out a few times . It takes 5 mninutes or longer to boil the water . Its also a pain to clean and scrub . This is a good option for people who want to learn how to make a perfect espresso . A better option is to use the AeroPress coffee and espresso maker . It 's real simple to use and worked beautifully the first time and tastes as good or beter than store bought espresso . You can buy this on Amazon.Put in the filter , add some coffee , add some hot water , stir , then press down in just a matter of seconds . Put this device over a coffee cup . Its real easy to clean .
 It is not a 3-Cup size . It is more like a one 1 cup . I was very dissapionted and will probably shop for this item where I can see it up close since I can not trust the disciption.P.S . I was not impressed by the actual workmanship either . -LRB- It became the first thing I ever sent back to Amazon.com -RRB-
 I do n't really like this product . I have bought other espresso makers that are way better than this one . Than again it was n't very expensive either .
 Not a Bialetti . Very , very cheap product . It does n't even feel like metal . There is n't a brand or trademark . See my photos.I have owned Biallettis before and the reviews you read for those can be trusted . They are great and last forever . All of the wonderful reviews are for the real thing . However , it seems like some of us are now being sent a very horrible product sold by `` Tumble Trade '' . By calling it a `` Bialetti '' , does n't this violate some kind of trademark regulation ? In my opinion this constitutes fraud . Additionally , the lid was broken when I received it . I will be returning it asap.P.S . I bought the 3 cup maker
 The item I received is not a Bialetti , it has no Bialetti trademark or symbol and as the owner of several other Bialetti 's over more than 40 years I know this is not a genuine Bialetti . It is made of flimsy metal and poorly machined . You will not get the real experience of stovetop style espresso from this item . It is simply awful .
 I was reading other reviews before ordering , and was aware that the item sent out often is not the original one , but a cheap copy . I made sure that the picture displayed by Amazon shows the original one , even the displayed box was the Bialetti one . Unfortunately , I got a cheap copy . It was no problem to return it .
 It is not worth the $ 20 or what ever the current price may be . It gives a coffee plus metallic taste . It discolored after the first wash / use . I bought this particular one because there were way more positive reviews than negative ones but do n't underestimate a negative review . You get what you pay for . Metal ...
 I bought this product based on the rave reviews here . When I first got it , I enjoyed it but the water resovoir on the bottom 1/3 quickly started to corrode , brownish black discoloration , and seems to have rusted . The coffee tastes awful now , and I am probably going to throw it out.Works great as a disposable product , but not for long term use.IMO poor workmanship , I do not recommend .
 i 've got both this model and a vev vigano 6 cup . i bought this one because i just wanted to be able to make enough for me to drink alone . when i took it out of the box , it smelled * very * metallic - or like a weird petroleum smell . i rinsed it , made a pot - and it was horrible . could n't even drink it . threw it away , made another . same thing . and another . and another . rinsed the pot . made another ... same thing . washed the pot . made another . same thing . i do n't know if i just happened to get a bad pot or what , but it 's totally unusable because i ca n't get rid of the weird petroleum/metallic smell and taste.on the other hand , i have never had a problem with my vev and think it 's a great machine ...
 There IS a steel counterpart ! Note that coffee is a strong acid , and thus the Al binds to it -LRB- like rhubarb -RRB- . Using these is almost certainly very very bad for you -LRB- although not yet proven -RRB- . Please do not buy these aluminum pots ! Spend $ 10-15 more . I have a Bialetti Musa and I love it -LRB- although I use my Toddy T2N more -RRB- Bialetti Musa
 The product I was sent was not a real Bialetti even though it came in a Bialetti box . Around the third time that I used it the espresso maker stopped working properly . Only about one cup of very strong disgusting metal tasting coffee came out and the remainder would not come out . I have a one cup Bialetti that I purchased in Italy and the one I got from Amazon does not even compare . The Bialetti from Italy is made of good quality metal and makes great tasting espresso . The Bialetti from Amazon has to be a complete knock off . I returned it as defective .
 This makes good coffee , but after 17 months of use -LRB- about once a day -RRB- the water wo n't move out of the lower portion , indicating a malfunctioning valve . The cost for a replacement valve is $ 10 + $ 5 postage , almost the cost of a whole brand new one . I really think it should last longer .
 you are better off buying a cheaper version from the dollar store . . Very poorly constructed for the price , gasket will not last very long and the Aluminum pits overnight ... Ovente makes a stainless type that is much much better ...
 This board replaces an old cracked edge grain board that I have had for decades . I just could n't see spending over $ 100 for a cutting board , but I wanted edge grain to keep my knives sharp , so I spent $ 26.58 on this one . So glad Boos has competition . -LRB- Made in America -RRB- OWSFollow up one month later ; the board is cracked and warped . It is still usable and my knives are staying sharp . The crack from the outside edge has n't reached the groove yet and the flex in the board changes directions as I turn the board over . It should be twice as thick . I guess there is no way out of spending the big bucks for quality .
 I bought this less than 6 months and the whole entire thing fell apart . Literally fell completely to pieces . I am hoping that the seller of this item will send me a replacement one for free it is so bad . Until then I will leave this horrible review posted so others are aware .
 We carved a roast on it for the first time and the product warped . Also , the actual item looks slightly different from the product photo -LRB- its corners have a smaller radius -RRB- .
 I have not submerged it in water , just simply washed it with soap and water after each use , and it keeps warping and the checkerboard pieces are separating . I would not purchase again .
 I was very eager to receive this cutting board . The board itself is beautiful , however , as soon as opened the packaging , the board already had a crack in the grove . It came as a cracked board . Also there were black molds on the sides and the back of the board . . If I ask for a exchange , do I have to pay for return shipping ? I do like the color . I have n't even used it yet as I found this crack visible ! Sigh I received a not so good one .
 I just went back and searched my purchase from 2009 so I could by the same set as before . Mine finally had a worn spot that split.I love these sheets they are thick and cool , do n't cling . The fitted sheet stays put and that 's saying a lot because I do n't like to stay still when I sleep.I have only one other set that I hate so these are a wash weekly and put back on set and have really held up amazingly . After I receive my new set I will update and determine if the quality is the same etc. but as of now 5 stars.Unfortunately the new set were a disappointment , much thinner that before and started pilling after the first couple of washes . first time I have returned an item like this .
 Still after several washes and softner they are rough . I ended up buying 600 count from Costco and they are wonderful . I was very disspointed . No way thse are 600 thread count .
 This 600 thread count sateen sheet set was not a good buy . In following washing and drying instructions , they end up a stiff mess of huge wrinkles and would be uncomfortable to sleep on . You would have to iron them to use them and who has time to do that !
 These sheets are not soft and luxurious as advertised . They are thick , hard and crunchy like paper . They also wrinkle easily and look a terrible mess on our bed . Do not recommend them .
 Very poor quality - nothing like sateen at all . Very hard , impossible to iron , wrinkled all the time , nothing like the color that u expect / want , harsh on the skin . I don t recommend this product . At all .
 I like the fabric of the sheets , but I ordered the color `` Cafe '' and it looks like it should be called `` Harvest Gold '' It does n't match the comforter I bought like I had hoped . -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0030HEFXI/ref=oss_product -RRB- Many other people bought these sheets with the comforter I had also purchased , in fact that is why I decided on these sheets , I am a guy and I 'm just not very good at color coordinating . Also , the pillow cases are too short ! I ordered a California King sheet set , and my king sized pillows hang out of the cases about 2 or 3 inches , it looks tacky!I 'm not happy with these , I 'm not going to return them because it 's too much of a hassle for me , but I would not recommend it to friends , and would not purchase again : -LRB-
 These are about as soft as my 300 thread count sheets that I 've had for five years and of lesser quality than my 500 thread count sheets . Had I known that they 'd be of less than mediocre quality , I may have sprung for something more expensive with a higher thread count as I was looking to upgrade . However , I fell victim to the relatively attractive price and , due to that price , it 's simply not worth the shipping cost and hassle to return them so as far as I 'm concerned I 'm stuck with them.If you 're used to thread count sheets around 600 I 'd suggest not purchasing them because you 'll almost assuredly be as unimpressed with them as I am .
 These sheets were an utter disappointment , there is no way that they are 600 thread count - they are coarse and cheap feeling . The sheets I normally buy at Costco are much nicer quality at a similar price.I would not recommend that anyone buy these scratchy sheets . The only reason I did n't return them was because I threw away the box when I washed the sheets , hoping that they would soften up during washing - they did not.Terrible sheets .
 better used as an all-night long exfoliant . i used the pillow case to rub out a scratch on my wooden bookshelves . the color is closer to gold than cafe .
 600 threads of single ply hardness . Hard sheets . Not soft . Bargain grade cheapness . Not luxury . cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap .
 I was expecting some decent quality out of this sheet set
 Sorry but I bought these sheets on Amazon a few months ago and hesitated writing a review initially because I wanted to give them a &#34; break-in &#34; period and be fair.I have had smoother more Sateen feeling sheets from Sam 's club than these . Save your money and buy something else , these are rough , and do n't feel Sateen at all , -LRB- they would make decent curtains though -RRB- .
 These sheets look okay but they 're so stiff and rough I have n't used them yet . I 've washed them twice in hot water and will do so again and see how they do . I do n't know whether it 's the fabric or the amount of sizing , but so far I ca n't recommend them . I 'm going to find the ones I 've ordered before and get another set.It 's now February and I 've finally put them on the bed . They never got softer . They come out of the dryer very wrinkled and stay that way . My husband had to help put the fitted sheet on because it 's a little too short , and our mattress is only 9 inches deep . This sheet would never go on a deep pocket mattress . The top sheet barely tucks in at the bottom . I 'm going to accept the loss and give these sheets to Goodwill . I do not recommend them .
 Sorry , but at 600 thread count , I was expecting a soft sheet , something that kinda felt like satin . Boy was I wrong ! They washed up nicely , but the softness I expected was n't there . Felt more like a cheap sheet I 'd buy from a discount store !! I 'd send them back , but it 's more of a hassel then I want to deal with at this time.Sondra
 First of all I was surprised at the bright gold color which looks nothing like the cafe I ordered . I liked the feel of the sheets at first but I could n't believe how it pilled up after the first washing , and more so with each washing . I do n't even use a dryer - I line dry them . Really disappointed and looking for sheets that stay soft .
 After reading many reviews I ordered these . Boy was that a big mistake and a waste of money . I keep hoping given the high thread count that washing will help . No such luck - they come out of the dryer a scratchy , wrinkly mess - and I 'm talking hard crease wrinkles . In a desperate attempt to salvage these i resorted to ironing hoping the threads would lie down - my heavy duty steam iron could barely get the wrinkles out of the pillowcases . Now i 'm stuck with them ... i 'm going to continue to keep washing with fabric softener hoping for a miracle but my guts telling me these high priced sheets will wind up in the Goodwill bag . Unless u like scratchy burlap , do n't buy these sheets . They do NOT live up to the advertising . Whether it matter or not I ordered the brown king size set . A friend has recommended bamboo sheets - i 'm going to try that next . OBVIOUSLY high thread count does NOT guarantee softness or quality .
 These sheets are great if you like thick , heavy , cotton sheets . However , if you are looking for soft , sateen sheets as they are described , you will be severely disappointed .
 Has to wash them twice before use and they turned into a cheap wrinkly cotton mess . Absolutely worse `` sateen '' sheets ever !
 I ordered the Renaissance 600 thread count queen sheet set for $ 59.99 ; what a RIP-OFF ! The sheets are definitely NOT luxury as described . They are NOT `` heavy , thick '' 600 thread sheets , they are NOT normal queen size -LRB- only double bed size -RRB- , and the pillow cases are TOO SMALL for regular pillows ! I am extremely disappointed as I have bought heavier , more luxurious Egyptian sheets from both Costco and Sam 's for about half the price . DO NOT waste your money on these .
 If your looking for Sateen or Soft then these sheets are n't for you ! . . The sheets felt good in package but once you wash they do not feel like Sateen or a high thread count ! Remember you ca n't return once washed ! I ordered based on high feedback from others-so disappointed !!
 As my title states , these sheets pilled instantly and were irritating to both myself and my husband 's skin -LRB- cold wash , our usual Planet laundry detergent -RRB- . I 'm hesitant to even cycle these into guest sheets ! Definitely expected more from a 600 thread count set .
 I received these sheets several days ago . I wish I had read the reviews before I purchased them . I washed the sheets 3 times in Woolite and they were still very rough . Not the way 600 thread count sheets should feel . They are also very thick . Fortunately , Amazon allowed me to return them . That is why I love Amazon .
 I ordered two sets and returned the unopened one after washing and using the first set several times with no sign of them getting much softer . Roughest cotton sheets I have ever had . Pretty odd since they are 600 . Definitely do n't feel like it .
 I got these sheets hoping to give me an extra set of super soft sheets . Unfortunately I think it is going to take a hundred washes for the stiffness to wear out . I also can not stand the way they wrinkle in the dryer . They are really heavy too . I probably should have done more research on 600-thread-count but I know now if you prefer lighter softer sheets these are n't the ones for you .
 Returning them . The Cafe colour is a horrible Mustard/Gold . Might be ok if I was looking for a yellow but I was looking for a tan/beige/brown / coffee/anything but mustard.Opened them enough to run a finger over them , felt nice but terrible colour .
 The sheets are seemingly good quality and feel nice and soft , but the color they say you are purchasing is not accurate.We bought the king size set in the `` cafe '' color , but the sheets we received are literally gold in color.The packaging on them does say `` cafe '' ... So how hard is it to put the color that the consider `` cafe '' on the web page so you can see it properly?Either they post incorrect pictures or the manufacturing process is so poor that they dye them incorrectly.Either way , I 'd probably pass . We 're going to keep them and make them work in a pinch , otherwise we 'd be sending back since they do n't match up with the other bed pieces we purchased ...
 I ordered these sheets last April , and received a very nice , soft set of sheets , that were thicker than expected . I ordered a set this month -LRB- different size and color -RRB- and received a not-so-soft , thinner sheet set . I am not really happy with this second set . If I had handled them in a store , I would not have purchased them . Poor quality control ? Or just a different manufacturer for different sizes ? Good luck ! The only positive is that this is the best fitting set I 've found for a thick king-sized bed ... and yeah , they 're stitched together properly .
 I was extremely disappointed in these sheets . They were so stiff and noisy -LRB- yes , I said noisy -RRB- that I removed them from the bed after one night and washed them . There was some improvement after washing but not much . The fabric is thick and heavy and coarse-feeling - not soft and smooth as I expected 600 thread count to be . I purchased sheets with 440 thread count that are far supperior to these !!!
 We recently bought the 600 thread count sheets . I was n't crazy about the color , but figured they would at least feel good . They were great until we washed them . Then they pilled up . I was suprised at how worn they look after just one washing . I 'm glad that we only bought one set of sheets .
 I have a 12 '' mattress and a 4 '' memory foam topper , so I wanted sheets with 16 '' pocket . These are NOT it , about 3-4 '' of my mattress shows below the fitted sheet . Also they looked tan here on Amazon but were more of a gold once I got them .
 This is my first review on an Amazon purchase . Most of my buys on Amazon I 've really liked , not so with these sheets . I was looking forward to getting a great buy on 600 count sheets , and it is true -- you get what you pay for . These are not only the most wrinkled mess of sheets I 've ever had , but after one single wash -- the pillow cases are tearing @ the seems ! OMG ! And they call these ` Sateen ' -- I had to look @ my order to see if I received the correct sheets!I love the color , the cafe is not a blatant bright gold , but a nice muted soft one . That is the best I can say about these sheets . The quality is simply awful ... I lay in bed and cut off/pull out threads that hang out of every seem . Will NOT purchase again , and highly recommend to others not to buy these !
 I really disliked these sheets for a few reasons . I bought the Queen size , Cafe.My experience :1 -RRB- the color was much more yellow / orange than shown . This was the least bothersome point though .2 -RRB- These are cold wash only . Wish I 'd know that before ordering . For hygiene reasons - sweat , grease , dust mites , dead skin etc etc - I want sheets I can wash in warm / hot water .3 -RRB- They wrinkle TERRIBLY in the tumble dryer , worse than anything I own . Who wants to iron sheets ? Not me , but given they are quite stiff then the creases are uncomfortable . Then the stiffness makes them hard to iron . The top sheet feels quite different to the bottom & is the one that gave me most problems .4 -RRB- The top sheet not only ran dye , after one wash it was massively blotchy , huge white sections a foot wide where the dye ran out . You 'd think someone spilled bleach on it , except I do n't have bleach in our house . However I knew it was dye running out of it as it turned some of my white clothes yellow.I can ignore the color and I can ignore the blotches , who sees them ? But the rest has made me give up . Given the dye running , I do n't even want to cut them up as rags .
 I was disappointed when I got them . They were n't as great as the price cost ! Unworthy that I ever had . They just OK , not soft also got shrink after laundry even I did what the instruction said .
 I bought these sheets from amazon along with a set of 400 thread count from Bed Bath and Beyond for my new bed . They cost about the same amount . I have rotated each set for the last 4 months and am very surprised that the 400 count set feels like new while this 600 thread count set is pilled and rough , they will be going in the rag bag soon and I Will not buy again . Pay the extra money for the 600 thread count from bed bath and beyond .
 I ordered really nice sheets , and thought that the color `` ivory '' would look nice . It certainly looks nice and white on the web page ! When it arrived the contents were marked `` Ivory '' , but the actual color is yellow -LRB- a very uncomplimentary color for sheets -RRB- . When I compare the color of what I got with the web site , there 's a stark contrast . It 's a case of color misrepresentation in the advertising . There 's no obvious way to deal with this without losing shipping costs , etc. . Very disappointing !
 Nice comfortable beautiful looking sheets . However , the colors faded within a few months , and the threads etc started looking freyed in a similiar time-frame . I do n't have much to compare to as far as other products , but I have to say I was disappointed .
 I 've ordered these sheets hoping for quality , but what I got is a damaged product with holes in it ! I am very angry and disappointed : -LRB-
 I should 've read the reviews more carefully . I ordered WHITE . The color that came in was CREAM . They call it `` Ivory '' ... That 's like an off-white yellowish color . Other reviewers have stated the same thing about the wrong color coming in.I 'm too lazy to return this . There are also no 5-star rated white queen size sheets -LRB- under $ 100 -RRB- at all on Amazon.com Next time , I 'll have to access an old fashioned department store of some type to get the proper sheets . No more ordering sheets online .
 When I 1st received these sheets they felt exactly as they should , soft , satin like . Unfortunately , upon washing , the wrinkled up -LRB- that I can handle -RRB- , but became so scratchy , I could n't sleep on them . I got up in the middle of the night and changed sheets!I guess I expected something more from 600 thread count and sateen .
 these sheets were used three times and are badly pilled . I never wash towels with my sheets so it is just bad fiber even though they were supposed to be 600 thread count . Tried to return them , missed the return date . I would have to have left them on the bed for the whole month to know they were this bad .
 I have n't gotten more than 3 uses out of this set and consider them scrap material at this point . They seem to shrink more with each wash . They never fit my standard sized king well and now dont fit at all . They piled up immediately and quite a bit with each wash so not a smooth feeling on your skin at all . Others wrote about wrinkling which I also experienced though that does n't bother me much . With all the good reviews I honestly wonder if different sheets are being sold as the same product .
 I got the queen size set in ivory . They seemed well made out-of-the-box and of good texture , not rough as others have complained about for the king-size sheets . The pillow cases have nice stitching and generous hems . Both sheets were initially ample in size . The fitted sheet is notably generous and easily handles the 7-8 '' thickness of my mattress ; I project it could handle the much larger mattress thicknesses as advertised . BUT the nice silky smooth finish was destroyed after I washed them in hot water . Both sheets and pillow cases came out badly wrinkled , faded , and the sheen and silky smoothness were gone . The flat sheet shrunk significantly -LRB- approximately 5 inches off the 90 '' width -RRB- , so its hard to keep it in place over-night . I 've never had this problem with any of the other sheets I 've bought in the past ; they are/were probably polyester/cotton blends . So if you buy these sheets DO NOT WASH THEM IN HOT WATER ; THEY WILL BE SEVERLY DAMAGED . My recommendation is to avoid these sheets and buy some nice permanent press sheets with a ~ 40/60 % polyester/cotton content .
 I ordered these needing some ` Cafe ' colored sheets ... When you see Cafe , you think of a light brown . These sheets are GOLD . Definitely returning them . Very disappointed .
 I am so upset . I bought these sheets as a gift for my very pregnant daughter in an effort to make her bed softer and more comfortable . She washed them on gentle before she put them on her bed . When I asked her tonight on Skype `` how are the new sheets , '' she said with hesitation , `` they are a bit scratchy . '' OMG These so-called 600-thread-count sheets should be very smooth . Cheap sheets are scratchy , and these certainly were not cheap . I wish that she would have told me when she opened them that they were not nice sheets so that I could have returned them . All I can say about these sheets is `` do n't order them . '' They are not what they claim to be .
 I purchased these sheets because we like a high thread count , soft sheet and this seemed like a good deal . Instead , we received sheets that are akin to what you would find in a cheap motel room . These sheets are nothing close to other 600 TC sheets I own . They are stiff and irritating , even after 2 washings with fabric softener . They feel nothing like `` Sateen '' as advertised . I have a set of 400 TC sheets that are far superior in softness than these sheets . In short , save your money unless you intend to put these in a cheap motel room .
 I purchased a set of Renaissance 600-count sheets at a store and loved it - silky and a good fit . I sought and found what looked like the same sheets on Amazon -LRB- same name , thread count , appearance and price -RRB- . I purchase the ivory and teal blue . I did not receive the blue sheets , but a more blue-gray . Amazon offered to take them back and ultimately I got them without charge . Both colors shrank a bit when washed , enough to make it a struggle to get them on the bed . But after washing the ivory also became thicker , annoyingly so . Ultimately I gave them away .
 I 'd been looking for some chocolate colored sheets to complement our new master bedroom . Saw the Renaissance Collection 600 thread count and said `` wow , nice ... '' WRONG !!! I washed them before I put them on the bed as I always do with new linen and what came out of the dryer were EXTREMELY wrinkled sheets ... they felt soft when I took them out of the packaging but they lost all their softness once I washed them ... I know there is a lesson to be learned ...
 I had ordered 2 sets of these sheets and as usual the shipping was excellant . But the sheets themselves were very diappointing . They were fine until they were washed . They no longer fit the air mattress at all . And I feel they were a total waste of money . I recommand that you save your money and purchase something else .
 These sheets were soft out of the package and seemed nice . I washed them according to wash instructions and after 1 week on the bed they are already starting to pill . Very disappointing , I 've had cheapy 250TC sheets that have held up better . I guess you get what you pay for .
 I thought these were going to be A LOT softer - I have some 600 thread sheets now -LRB- much softer -RRB- however they were twice the cost . They are very thick and I like the chocolate brown color ...
 Not happy with these sheets . I have to iron them and they do not feel like they are 600 count . Will not purchase this brand again .
 The 600 count sheets are nice at first . I have had mine for a little over 2 months . After washing a few times thefabric has balled up like a fleece item after much use . After reading the 30 day return policy from Amazon Iwas most disappointed . Most items stay neat and undamaged the first few months of using . I wish I had bought sheetslocally so I could return or exchange them for a higher quality .
 Regardless of other issues , these sheets are n't the smooth out of the box -LRB- nor after a good washing or two -RRB- that one finds in 400 threadcount Egyptian Cotton sheets . I 'll be returning these and buying 400 TC Egyptian cotton .
 Sheets are stiff upon arrival and do not * approach * comfort until the 3rd or 4th wash . I am not sure their idea of `` sateen '' is the same as the rest of the industry . Apparently they have `` sateen '' confused with `` sail canvas '' . A few months later I bought these http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001ICYV04/ref=ox_ya_oh_productfor -LSB- ... -RSB- more and they are SO much nicer . I wish I 'd just bought them in the first place .
 The material in these sheets is harsh-feeling , and keeps in a great deal of heat . We were waking up and throwing off the sheets in the middle of the night , even with a ceiling fan going in an air conditioned room . We expected 600 count sheet to be soft and supple , but these felt very rough and scratchy . Also , the color , Cafe , is really a gold , and was not what was expected .
 I bought these Sateen Sheets in hopes that it would be the smooth cool feel of sheets that you would get at a nice hotel . After numerous washes and fabric softener additions I realized that these sheets would never soften up and that I had made a poor purchase . If you want the soft feel of nice sheets I would not recommend these sheets . I bought Pure Beech Sateen Sheets from BBB and they were perfect right out of the box with one wash to make sure they were clean .
 I washed the sheets before I used them the first time , and I noticed that one of the seams on the pillow case was torn . After washing them a second time , a seam on the sheet also ripped.The material is nice . The workmanship , not so much !
 Was excited for this item and have yet to use it but the color and quality look nice . Only problem is this order was for a 4-piece set
 I read the reviews before ordering and thought surely the bad reviews were just complainiers who would n't be satisfied with anything . But I must say these sheets are TERRIBLE ! They fit perfectly and were soft , but after the 2nd wash they are pilled up and feel like sandpaper . Am now using them to cover plants outside during a freeze .
 I 'm sorry but these are not sateen sheets . I have been buying sateen sheets for 15 years . They are getting harder to find so I was thrilled when I found this set for only $ 45 . When I got them , it was a major disappointment . They are not soft , at all -LRB- even after washing -RRB- . Also , like another reviewer said , the cafe color looks nothing like the picture . Wish I could return but that 's not an option since I washed them . Would not recommend . Stick with what you know and do n't fall for something that says high quality just because the price is good - lesson learned !
 I have never once posted a review for anything , ever , and I am a huge online shopper . When you first take these sheets out of the box they fee wonderful . After you wash them they are scratchy and made me feel itchy . True sheets of the quality this brand `` advertises '' feel great for a long time , this is not the case with this product . I feel that I wasted my money and would never advise someone to buy these sheets , go to Marshalls of TJ Maxx over buying this item .
 Really disappointed in the color of these sheets . `` Cafe '' would bring to mind the color of coffee/latte not a horrible gold color . Sheets bunch up and do n't stay tight on the mattress .
 I thought these were the same as some other sheet that I ordered but they 're not . They 're much softer than my other ones of the same brand but after just a few weeks they started getting little fabric balls on them and became rough in certain sections . Wouldnt reccomend them at all .
 Before I bought these sheets I had 300 thread count sheets . I was super excited about 600 thread count and that it said Sateen . When you think about Sateen you think soft , silky , and smooth . Well , I got none of those . These sheets feel like cardboard . My 300 thread count sheet are softer then these trash bags . IT STATES SATEEN , it 's actually a horrible cotton.Don ' t WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!!!
 I WAS SO EXCITED TO FIND THESE SHEETS AT SUCH AN AFFORDABLE PRICE ... I FINALLY SWITCHED OVER FROM JERSEY SHEETS LAST YEAR AND DISCOVERED 450 TC ... LOVED THEM ... SO NATURALLY I ASSUMED 600TC WOULD BE THAT MUCH BETTER ... BOY WAS I WRONG !! I DID N'T USE AS SOON AS RECEIVED ... AS I WAS SAVING FOR THE MOST OPTIMAL TIME -LRB- HAD BEEN `` RENOVATING '' MY BEDROOM -RRB- ... MY PARENTS WERE IN IMMEDIATE NEED OF EXTRA SHEETS AND I WAS HAPPY TO BE ABLE TO PROVIDE WHAT THEY HAD USED FOR YEARS -LRB- DID N'T USE ANY LESS TC -RRB- ... MY MOM IMMEDIATELY CALLED TO ADVISE THEY WERE LIKE SANDPAPER ... EVEN AFTER THE WASH. ... NEEDLESS TO SAY WHEN I RETURNED TO THEIR HOME THEY WERE REPACKAGED AND WAITING FOR ME TO TAKE THEM BACK ... THEY ARE NOW SITTING ... WAITING ... FOR ... I DO N'T KNOW WHAT ! DROP-CLOTH MAYBE ... I WOULD NOT6 SLEEP ON THEM ... OR MAKE ANYONE ELSE EITHER !!! I HAVE TO SAY MANY THUMBS DOWN FOR THIS PRODUCT ! **** THE COLOR HOWEVER IS BEAUTIFUL ... MORE OF A LIGHT GOLDEN HONEY !! VERY NICE !!! ****
 These sheets are nothing like what is described on this page . Cafe - not . They are a horrible gold . 600 thread count sateen - not . They are as stiff as cheap percale . This stiffness is what angers me the most . They feel like a really over-starched shirt , even after washing . I do n't buy high-thread count sheets for stiffness . I buy them for their softness . Do not buy these !
 This can NOT be 600 Thread Count . It is super thin and is not as soft as the $ 12.00 bed sheets I bought at Wal-Mart . The sheets look nice , but that is where it ends . Not happy paying so much money for poor quality .
 These sheets are awful !!! They are so rough and itchy . I washed them multiple times to see if they would get softer , but that was not the case . I am shocked that Amazon can sell theses claiming that they are 600 tc and sateen . I have a set of 500 tc that are so much softer and nicer than these . I could n't sleep on these for one night . They are so uncomfortable and made me break out in hives and made me itch all over . Worst sheets I have ever owned !!! Very disappointed in these sheets and in Amazon !
 We ordered cafe colored and it is actually a dark mustard yellow . Also the fabric is the kind that is always wrinkled even if you iron it . Not worth it at all .
 I was so excited to see that I could get a 600 count sheet set for the price I did . I always wash everything I buy before using the product . After washing , I put them on my bed and then I saw a part of the color had washed away . I also , found the sheet set to be very rough , not at all what a 600 count sheet should feel like . My husband even made a remark ; that the sheets felt like a tarp . My husband does n't make a remark on these types of things .
 I returned these sheets because they were not scratchy , not soft at all . The color was beautiful so I was very sad to have to send them back .
 These sheets are very wrinkled and stiff after laundering . I would not purchase them again .
 First off , I hope no one who buys these sheets is particular about the color . `` Cafe '' turned out not to be a nice light brown , but a rather ugly mustard color . Fortunately , I do n't have good lighting in my bedroom , so it wo n't matter much , but the first thing I did was check to make sure I had n't been shipped the wrong color . Still , I 'm hoping the color fades - a lot - with washing . We 're talking 1970s mustard-yellow , here.Second , while the sheets seem reasonably soft , they are n't what I 'd expect for something that calls itself `` sateen . '' They 're coarser and of a somewhat lower quality than I anticipated , considering it 's a 600-thread count.All that said , it 's not bad for the price I paid of $ 41 for queen-sized sheets . I 'll use them ; I just wo n't expect them to last very long . I 'd give them two and a half stars if I could , but these sheets certainly do n't deserve three stars.UPDATE
 I was disappointed in 1 -RRB- The color was n't what I wanted , I wanted cafe brown , not gold ... 2 -RRB- The sheets do n't feel like they are 600-Thread countI would not buy these kind of sheets again.But there are okay . .
 If you have a regular maattress , beware of buying this sheeet set ! The corners of the fitted sheet are so deep that every night , they all come up from off the mattress , just from moving around .
 We got a set of these sheets a few weeks ago and immediately noticed that the top sheet was n't wide enough . In fact , after washing , the top sheet barely reached the edge of the bed on both sides . We did try them out for a night , but the small size combined with the stiffness of the sheets was a deal breaker.As a side note , the fitted sheet fit just fine - although it was still made from the same stiff material.Other reviewers have mentioned that different sizes seem to made differently , so be aware that this review only applies to the California King size.I would not recommend getting these sheets in the California King size .
 These are really nice sheets . They look nice and feel nice . HOWEVER - the color i chose was Cafe . It looks like a light brown/beige online . When they arrived , they were GOLD . Now they dont match my bedding . Just watch your color selection .
 Ordered king size , white . They are n't incredibly soft , they 're very heavy , probably too hot for summer . And they do not fit my mattress -LRB- pillow top -RRB- very well . There 's no way the flat sheet will be able to be tucked in at the sides at all . Also , very wrinkly after drying . I guess you get what you pay for . These are no better than cheap Walmart sheets , which do fit better . So if you just want cheap sheets , get them from Walmart . If you want luxury sheets , I guess you do have to spend more .
 Sheets only lasted two washes and then started to fall apart . The sheets start to pill after the first use . Would not recommend this product .
 Quality is terrible ! These things are terrible !! So think you can see your hand right through them . I had to send them back . There was no way I could keep them , and make due !
 I have had different Sateen sheets for the past 10 years and these are not even near the quality . They are unbelievably wrinkly and after I even ironed the pillow cases , the wrinkles from the dryer did not come out . And I did not let them sit for a second in the dryer . Right when it was done I pulled them out . If I could do it again , I would not order these . They are not soft at all like sateen should be . Very disappointed .
 I do not believe this is 600 thread count . I washed it right out of the package before using it and was stunned at how acratchy the sheet set was . Even after a second washing . I do not recommend this sheet set .
 I ordered a set of these in ivory a couple of years ago . They were thick enough and luxurious and have held up wonderfully . I loved them so much , I recently ordered another set . What a difference ! The new sheets are cheap quality , the color is too yellow and they wrinkle like the cheapest sheets you could buy . They are very thin and are not at all like my older sheets . A total rip off !
 NOTHING soft about these sheets . If you have any sort of pillow top or memory foam topper , order a size larger . These did not fit our bed so I thought since I did n't have a bedskirt that I would at least use these to cover our boxsprings which are smaller as it does n't have the pillow top or memory foam on it . After one washing in cold water and lowest dryer setting , these did n't even cover the boxsprings . I used the pillow case and flat sheet one night and the non-fitting fitted sheet because that was all I had . That was the worst night 's sleep ever ... the sheets are loud when turning over like using newspapers as a sheet ... . In the middle of the night I finally stripped the bed and slept on my mattress cover and used regular blankets . -LRB- My fault I had thrown away the packaging never imagining how uncomfortalbe these are . -RRB- I should have kept all the packaging and returned them . I am still on the hunt for some durable and SOFT , quiet sheets . It may be best to buy sheets in a store . I was going off of the mostly good reviews on these sheets .
 I am extremely disappointed in these sheets . I would like to return them , but I used them . However , the sheets are not sateen in my estimation . They are coarse to lay on and I would expect much better from Amazon .
 These sheets do not feel like they 're anything close to 600 thread count . I returned them immediately and that process went very smooth .
 I bought two sets , one king and one queen . I washed one set and when they came out of the dryer the top and bottom sheets were a different color of ivory . The color was splotchy and they were horribly wrinkled and stiff . I packed them up and sent them back to Amazon today . I 've bought heavy cotton sheets on Amazon before but they were made in Pakistan and were really wrinkle resistant even though they were 100 % cotton . Wish I could find those again !
 The fabric is the same as the sacks that in the 50 's held chicken mash -LRB- chicken food -RRB- from the feed and grain store . No amount of laundering or wear will ever soften this coarse and rough cotton enough to make it comfortable to sleep on . They are not a true white , but more an ivory and made to `` resemble '' a popular striped sheet you find at local stores and even hotels . I was astounded that such a poor textile was still in use much less sold as bedding.I took a leap of faith in the 90 's and used my credit card to buy books through the Internet on the site known as Amazon . Now many years later after having purchased probably hundreds of products , this will be my first return . I think the consumer and Amazon have been deceived .
 Sheets are not at all soft - they feel like cardboard and when you wash them , they come out of the dryer very wrinkled . Not able to recommend at all .
 I have been told that the higher the thread count , the softer the sheet . Not in this case . The sheets -LRB- after a couple of washings -RRB- are still stiff and rough . I actually got up and put my old 300-400 sheets from a discount store on the bed in the middle of the night because I could not sleep on these . I thought I was `` treating '' myself with these -- unfortunately it turned out to be torture .
 These sheets seemed to be awesome at first use . After sleeping on them , however , there is significant pilling after only a short use . I loved them when I bought them , but now feel otherwise . I would not recommend these sheets .
 They pilled up and were rough after only the second washing . Definitely not satisfied with the quality .
 I was so excited to purchase the 600 TC Sateen sheets ! I could n't wait for them to arrive , wash them , and put them on my bed . Much to my disappointment , however , these sheets are anything from soft and comfortable . It was like sleeping on the cheapest hotel sheets you can imagine . I 've washed them at least a dozen times , using excessive amounts of fabric softener and dryer sheets to try and make them softer . I have not yet succeeded in that . The deal I got would have been impressive if only the sheets were worth what I paid . I would n't recommend these to anyone . Sorry .
 Despite this being a 600 thread count set , it only took three washes to start pilling . This should not happen with a set like this .
 The bottom sheet fits like a king size sheet at the foot of the mattress and is smaller at the top of the mattress . None of the corners line up nicely on my new pillow-top queen size mattress . Also , the elastic is very poor quality.The top sheet fits like a full-size sheet and barely covers a queen mattress . These sheets are poorly assembled . Very disappointed .
 The sheets arrived on time . The price was good , but I washed them before using and they did not feel like quality sheets after the washing . There was quite a change in the texture after washing . They became very rough and not silky and smooth as I expected from a 600-thread-count product . I will not order again or recommend .
 I received a set of this sheet set and an extra set of pillow cases for an early Christmas gift . I thought 600 thread count would mean they were high quality and soft ! While the stitching is good , and the fabric is thick , the sheets texture feel like sand paper ! For the price , I expected a good quality sheet set . I washed and dried them yesterday and used them last night and they felt terrible !!! Do not buy these sheets - or you will be shipping them back to amazon like I will be .
 These sheets were great when they arrived , I was happy with the color , and they were really soft . I rotate between them and another set of sheets each week , so these were actually only used about 6 weeks -LRB- 6 washings -RRB- before the fitted sheet was pilled so bad that it became rough and uncomfortable . The color also became very patchy and spotted after a few washings . I would not buy this brand again , or recommend it to anyone .
 These sheets DO NOT feel like 600 thread count ! My old sheets are 400 and they feel much softer . I would not reccommend this product if you want soft sheets . They also barely fit on my bed .
 I saw the multitude of positive reviews and popularity of these sheets and thought I was safe to purchase them online . A month into using my king sheet set and I already know that I was wrong . The main flaw with this product that I have found is that the fitted sheet has already started to pill up , creating an unpleasant texture to snuggle into at the end of the day . The pillow cases and top sheet are holding up fine thus far -- but one would expect any product to hold up after a month of normal use . I am hoping to return these sheets and may just go down to a local Goodwill and see if there are any sheets there that I can give a good washing to and use . At least then I 'll know that they have been used without balling up . Quite disappointing . I 'd highly recommend looking for a different product .
 Read the reviews . Was hoping for a set of affordable , quality bed sheets like the set I got from Sears years ago that were recommended and I still have and use . But , no . Just average feel while being a little heavy .
 Looks great ... until the first wash . fitted sheet shrunk from a queen to a full size mattress !! Also , lost all its shine . Looks like a very cheap pair of sheets now . Washed in cold water and dried at low heat . are those disposable sheets ?
 Terrible quality . Too washings -LRB- in cold and dried on low heat -RRB- and the sheets have shrunk so much they do n't fit the bed !
 I know you should never depend on the colors shown on the computer , but when I ordered STONE sheets , what arrived was very cafe au lait . I was hoping for taupe with a lot of gray as the picture showed.Then I washed them , before I used them for the first time , and the seams fell apart.I ordered HONEY sheets and they turned out to be mustard colored.If I could give less than one star , I would .
 They are not quite what I expected . They wrinkle very easily . Would not order them again .
 These sheets get more wrinkly than any other sheets we 've ever owned . The color looks very nice , but the wrinkles ruin it . They 're reasonably comfortable , but not nearly as good as the charter club macy 's sheets that we use on our main bed.Thread count is overrated . Do n't buy into that hype .
 I should have listened to what I read in previous veviews . I 've washed these sheets 3 times in 2 days TRYING to get these soft and not noisy & stiff . Practically dumped fabric softener in the washer and added 2-3 fabric softener sheets in the dryer all 3 times . What the heck are they made of ? I really expected softer sheets for 600 TC . Sure , they fit good , but are wrinkly and stiff to say the least . Wish I had better news .
 This sheets are just ok , they match the comforter set I purchased . They do not wash up well , they are very wrinkled even when removing from dryer immediately .
 Expected to get a coffee colored or latte colored sheet from the description and they are ugly gold . Feel good but color is completely misrepresented .
 600 TH bed sheets - I responded TWICE with the vendor when they erroneously put my request as KING instead of QUEEN . I gave the sheets away , and will not do business with them again . They had plenty of time to rectify this situation , since I made sure they knew King was the wrong size before they shipped and still ignored my request .
 These sheets were great at first but they quickly started pilling after just a few washes . We have had the sheets for about six weeks and they are very uncomfortable .
 I received my Renaissance Collection 600-Thread-Count Cotton Sateen Queen Sheet Set , Cafe , but there was a big problem . One side of the flat sheet was frayed , and one corner of the fitted sheet was torn !
 I purchased 2 sets of these sheets in different colors . The fitted sheets are too SMALL to fit over my mattress ! I washed them before trying them on my queen size bed . Maybe I should have tried them on the mattress first . This has never happened to me before so I did n't think anything of it . Also , they look like the most wrinkled mess you will ever pull out of your dryer ! I am so mad that I am stuck with two sets of these . On the bright side I guess I can use the 2 non-fitted sheets to make my bed . One will have to `` act '' as a fitted sheet on the bottom . They are a bit rough feeling ... not what I would expect for the thread-count , but I have n't slept on them yet . What a waste of money ! I gave this product 1 star because the colors are pretty . That 's it ... otherwise they suck .
 The sheets wrinkle terrible . What else can I say ?? It 's has if I rolled them up in a ball ...
 I purchased this item twice . The first time I had to return it because the top sheet was way too short for our bed . They replaced it , but after several washings , the top sheet barely fits our bed .
 Not happy with purchase . This sheetset does not feel like it is 600 thread count . Am disappointed with purchase . Will stick to CostCo next time .
 These sheets are not soft like other egyptian cotton sheets I own , even after a few washes . I do not recommend them !
 I washed these sheets and when I put the top sheet on the bed , I noticed several holes in the top sheet . For gosh sakes , where was the quality control on this item ??
 These sheets looked so nice in the packaging . I always wash sheets , etc. before using them so I washed them as I do my other sheets and they came out of the dryer so wrinkled that there is no way I would recommend them . I am now in the process of seeing if I can return them even though I have washed them.Renaissance 600-Thread-Count Cotton Sateen Queen Sheet Set , Ivory
 These sheets are advertised as `` Sateen '' and they are anything but . Even after gentle washing , cool drying and fabric softener , they remain rough to the touch . Plus , they wrinkle terribly ! A `` dog '' of a prioduct .
 I just ca n't fathom all these positive reviews ... the reviews gave me the confidence to buy the sheets , and after carefully washing in cold water and a cool dry , they came out thick , stiff , and scratchy . They 're just not smooth and soft at ALL -- after washing a couple times . What a disappointment . How in the world is this `` sateen ? ''
 The sheets were soft straight out of the package and I decided to follow the washing instructions . The end result was an extremely rough set of sheets that were horribly stiff . My previous set of sheets was a cheap 200tc set from Walmart -LRB- yeah , Walmart ... -RRB- until I could get decent sheets for my new bed and they were way softer than these sheets . Terrible , terrible sheets . Steer clear of these . I thought with 500 reviews and 4/5 stars they could n't be that bad . I was wrong . I still have the unwashed pillowcases and the difference between the two is like night and day . They also say sateen ... but they sure as heck do n't look/feel like it.I would n't recommend these sheets to anyone .
 Do n't be like me , READ the Reviews on this item ! Sheets are of a lesser quality than i expected ! the fabric pills after just a few washes ! DO NOT BUY THESE SHEETS !
 Do n't believe this 600-thread-B.S. After one wash -LRB- and I do mean O-N-E -RRB- , the glossy finish was gone and I was left with nothing short of card board . It 's extremely dissapointing b/c I opened the package and felt the smooth , cool to the touch , softness of the material and was really excited to put them on . But now they 're so stiff , cheap walmart sheets feel like silk in comparison . Sadly , some of you might still give these sheets the benefit of doubt with all the good reviews it 's got going for it . I just hope you have softer water than me , cause my sheets are unbearable .
 First off I bought these sheets knowing they were cheap for a king sheet set -LRB- I got the chocolate ones for $ 40-ish -RRB- . That said , I would n't even pay $ 20 for these sheets . They are terrible.The word `` sateen '' should n't even be included ! Sateen is supposed to be like faux Satin ... well these are so not like that . They have a slight , if you look away quickly , sheen to them ... but they are in NO WAY sateen . They seem to be of high quality -LRB- thick and strong -RRB- . I contacted Amazon after getting the first set because after washing them , they were hard , stiff , wrinkled and crunchy ! They were awful . I washed them just as directed and they came out terrible.I contacted the customer support department and very promptly had an email informing me they had shipped another set out with one-day delivery . Not exactly what I meant when I emailed them asking what could be done -LRB- because I had washed them already and thrown all packaging away -RRB- . So I returned the first set -LRB- without packaging -RRB- . The 2nd set are of course -LRB- as I expected -RRB- exactly the same.The color is nice.The look is quite nice -LRB- although not sateen , I like the look of them -RRB- . BUT that is it!Not a good buy at all .
 These sheets are nothing special . I have bought the same thing at a local odd-lot store . The color is completely misrepresented in the Amazon color swatch . I thought the TEAL was so pretty that I could n't wait to get them . I had to wait three weeks and when they arrived the color was a faded GREY-GREEN -LRB- Sage Green -RRB- and not TEAL at all . Too heavy to send back . The sheets are thin and soft , 600 thread count is meaningless . They must just make the threads smaller to fit 600 in a square inch . Save your money and buy from a real store where you can see and feel them before you buy .
 These are the most versitile sheets on the market . They are bulletproof , rough and can be used for collecting leaves in the yard , painting drop cloth , and other heavy industrial uses . I can imagine wet they could cut through steel too . Also sandpaper , 100 grit or emery paper to sand down pipes or deburr copper pipesYou can sleep on them too , and if someone tries to shoot you while you sleep these sheets will probably stop a .45 round at close range . Soft ? Hell no , we do n't need soft . These sheets are so hard they probably will be used to line hulls of the new battleships.Get the picture ?
 If you never wash these , they 're fine . If you do have to ever wash them , buy an iron . ARGHHHHH . I wish I had a better product .
 These sheets look nice and were quite soft after the second wash , but after the third wash and approximately a month of use , they began to pill all over . They now look and feel cheap . I 'm very disappointed because I have purchased similarly priced 600 thread-count sheets on Amazon before that lasted for many years before wearing out . I feel ripped off .
 These may be 600TC , but they are very thin . Thinner and not as soft as my 310 TC Northern Nights set . The top sheet is also small . It comes untucked and my husband and I are constantly playing tug of war . Not fun . I 'll pay a little more and get Northern Nights via QVC from now on !
 These sheets , are not 100 % cotton as described ! The top sheet in my Queen size in Ivory clearly states on the tag that it is a cotton polyester blend ! If your looking for all-cotton sheets do n't buy these . They are nice for a blend , but I would have never bought them if not for the misleading product description . Due to the misleading description I 'm giving these sheets a zero rating , although you ca n't rank them less than one star . If I 'd wanted a poly blend I 'd have rated them much higher .
 I purchased these sheets and they looked very nice out of package until I looked on the tags sewn inside to wash . The only sheet that is 100 % cotton is the bottom sheet . The top sheet and 2 pillowcases are 60 % cotton and 45 % polyester . Has anyone else looked at the tags sewn inside to see if this is the same in your set ? I do not know if I got a mismatched set but the RN number on the bottom of each tag states it is made in India and the RN number is the same on each tag - just the tags state cotton blend on everything except the fitted sheet . Please let me know if you have come across this . I do not know if I should exchange or find another set .
 I purchased two sets of these sheets in chocolate brown six months ago . When I received these sheets I was pleased that they were large enough to fit my bed easily . I change my sheets weekly so with two sets they have been washed twice a month for 6 months and with each washing they have shrunk and putting them on the bed has become more and more difficult until yesterday when I could n't stretch the bottom sheet far enough to get it on the bed at all and the top sheet barely covers the top of the bed . The sheets are now in the trash .
 I think I will stick with buying sheets at Marshall 's or other outlet type stores . The color is way too gold for my taste and my decor , and they are not at all soft . Making a live purchase allows you to feel -- although pre-washed linens can be deceiving , and check the real color . I am happy that they are oversize , I have a big mattress , but that is really the only thing I like about these sheets . In fact I am not even happy that they are heavy duty , I would love for them to wear out sooner so I can justify purchasing a new set .
 Both top & fitted sheets shrunk quite a bit . Fitted sheet will no longer fit properly over the mattress . I quit using this set because it is so aggreviating !
 HORRBILE QUALITY ! PILLING !! THESE SHEETS ARE ATROCIOUS ! IT MAKES ME SAD THAT THEY ARE EVEN SOLD . NOT GOOD QUALITY AT ALL !
 I was so excited when I finally decided to buy these sheets after they had say on my wish list for months and months . I could n't wait for them to arrive . I tore open the box and immediately tossed them in the wash so I could use them that night . To my dismay , I crawled into bed that night and ended up tossing and turning all night long -LRB- odd for me on my Tempurpedic -RRB- all because of these stupid sheets . They 're hot , scratchy , and feel like crappy flannel mixed with sandpaper . It was actually kind of gross . These will be getting sent back ASAP . Ick .
 Quite simply , sheets began significant pilling after only one wash . Thank goodness Amazon accepts returns . Not sure if we just got a defective set or what , but they were awful .
 I usually have great success with the products I purchase through Amazon . This product was an extreme disappointment . I washed these sheets exactly as recommended and I could barely stretch the fitted sheet across my mattress . If they shrink anymore in future washings , they will not fit at all . Unfortunately , I washed both sets that I purchased before I tried one set on the bed . I will now have to purchase sheets again very soon .
 The sheets themselves are ok , -LRB- not that soft for 600 , but not falling apart -RRB- . The color however was not at all what I was expecting . I ordered the `` cafe '' color expecting brown , however the color of the sheets that came in packaging marked as `` cafe '' was an awful deep goldish-tan , not at all brown . Very colorful , but not in a good way -LRB- at least not when you are expecting something brown -RRB- and not in the way the sheets were advertised at all . I do n't know if they screwed up and gave me the `` honey '' color , but the color was very dark - so when looking at the picture look at the top pillowcases - not the sheets below that seem to be more pale in the picture .
 Although I rather liked the stiff quality of the sheets - reminded me of sheets that have been hung to dry outside - my fitted sheet ripped at two of the corner seams within about three washings . No , I do n't have all that deep a mattress and no , I did n't pull all that hard on the corners . They just are n't very durable . I have another pair from Costco - same thread count - and they 're much better made .
 These sheets are of good quality material , but after opening them we noticed a one inch diameter stain -LRB- possibly a blood stain -RRB- on the fitted sheet . We needed this sheet immediately , so we laundered it with various stain-removers . The stain remains . The question is ... how could a &#34; new &#34; sheet have a stain on it . I would not buy from this vendor again .
 I 'm SO disappointed that the bottom sheet did n't fit when I got these sheets . I 've put off buying nice sheets because of the cost , but I finally took the plunge . When I put the bottom sheet on my 14 '' mattress -LRB- supposed to have 16 '' pockets and fit up to 18 '' -RRB- , I could n't get it over the one of the corners . I tugged and tugged and barely got it over the top of the pillow top but I know it will pop off when I lay on it . I love the feel and weight of the sheets , but I 'm so disappointed the bottom sheet does n't fit . I would return them , but it 's such a hassle because I do n't have the original box and do n't have time to box it up to send back . I may change my mind if I get too aggravated with it popping off . The top sheet and pillow cases are just fine . Why do n't they have better quality control ????
 I read several reviews . Stick to buying items like this in the store , it will be alot less hassle for returns , I washed them and dryed them on low , them were so wrinkled but the best part is they do not even fit the queen bed . I bought the ones with deep pockets . Also , they came out of the dryer very rough to the touch .
 I previously wrote a good review for these sheets . However , after two weeks of use , I discovered a small hole in the fitted sheet - about 1/8 inch in diameter.I used an iron-on patch to fix it . Not worth the trouble of returning the sheets.First time I have ever encountered a hole in new sheets . Other than that , I like the sheets , but now would not buy them again .
 I received my sheets last week . I washed them , according to package instructions , and was prepared for a good night sleep . To my dismay , the sheets were not comfortable . I like my sheet 's soft . I tossed all night . I noticed some of the previous reviews stated the sheets were a little on the thick side , but I thought it would n't be a problem for me . I was wrong . Last year I ordered sheets from Amazon -LRB- Pinzon 500 thread count egyptian Sateen -RRB- and I loved them !! They are my favorite set . I 've been waiting on the chocolate color Pinzon sheets to go on sale -LRB- currently it 's over $ 100 dollars ! -RRB- but I got tired of waiting and decided to try this set instead . I should have waited . Save your money , buy the Pinzon sheets . You wo n't be dissappointed .
 I purchased a Queen set in white over a month ago and waited until I laundered them multiple times before submitting a review . I tried the set on my mattress before washing to make sure they fit ; the fitted bottom sheet was large , fit easily over my 12 '' thick mattress -LRB- with mattress pad , electric mattress pad and feather topper -RRB- . However , after several washings they are difficult to stretch over the mattress ... they still fit but it 's a struggle . The top flat sheet was too narrow before washing . It 's acceptable but wish it would have hung down a little more . FYI
 We have a smaller mattress from Ikea that sits on the slats so these sheets ended up being so big I have a hard time putting them on the bed right without a few adjustments . Also they do not `` un wrinkle '' in the dryer at all . I am not one who irons my sheets if people even do that anymore . So they come out of the dryer a wrinkley mess .
 This fabric is soft and comfy , but the corner stitching on the fitted sheet -LRB- one corner , about 8 inches long -RRB- fell apart the first time I washed it . Also , the `` cafe '' color is much more of a dark mustard .
 Terrible . Really unsatisfactory . Uncomfortable , even after a washing . Coarse . If I can find a way to return them , I will in a second . I ca n't wait to put the old sheetbs back on the bed .
 This purchase is disappointing . Sheets are stiff for sateen and the color is not true to the advertisement on line . Cafe looks more gold ; not an attractive color .
 Hello there , Im writing a review about 4 months after purchasing this product . First off when I got these sheets they were great ... had that nice thick 600 thread feeling . These sheets were purchased so I could trade out my other ones for these ones in case I did n't have time to get washed and put on immediately.After about 8-10x washing I noticed a piling up of the fabric ! This was very frustrating cause I know that 600 Thread count sheets should n't do that ! I can not stand feeling that piling of the fabric while sleeping.So please take as a helpful hint because I wish I had listened to other peoples similar reviews . I just passed by thinking what a great Deal being only $ 50 -LRB- which I noticed now they are $ 60 ! -RRB- and reading other peoples great reviews . -LRB- which I think they did the review right when they got the sheets and not after some washing -RRB-
 These sheets are not what they promised . Already pilling after one wash . They are not as soft as you are lead to believe .
 THESE SHEETS APPEAR TO BE VERY GOOD QUALITY AND FEEL VERY NICE , BUT THEY DO NOT FIT DEEP POCKET MATTRESSES AS INDICATED . I HAVE A SLEEP NUMBER BED , AND HAVE NEVER HAD A PROBLEM WITH SHEETS FITTING UNTIL THESE .
 The color of these sheets is Gold , not cafe or any shade of tan or brown as shown in the photo . Totally unacceptable . Returned them .
 I bought a set of these sheets in Ivory and fell absolutely in love with them . They were beautiful , soft and snuggly . I liked them so much I bought a second set in Chocolate brown and they are TERRIBLE !!! They are rough and scratchy . I washed them twice , used fabric softener and still they were awful . I have gotten lots of stuff off Amazon and NEVER had a problem like this and never felt compelled to write a review , especially a negative one . Please buy these sheets with caution .
 Gave to my MIL for christmas . She could n't stand them because they were so scratchy . I brought home and washed twice with vinegar , drying sheets , etc but they are still very wrinkly and harsh . Put on the bed and had to change it in the middle of the night . I would NOT recommend
 I love the look and feel of these sheets , they are of great quality . They are not , however , large enough to fit on a queen size mattress . I would have returned them , but I am a single guy , and I thought maybe after a wash or two they would stop bending my mattress so I threw the packaging away . It 's probably my fault for not returning them immediately , but I would buy them again if they actually fit because I love the way they feel . If you buy them hang on to the packaging and do not hesitate to send them back if they do n't fit immediately !
 The title says it all in a concise manner . Sateen sheets are intended to be soft to the touch and are very dissimilar to the sateen sheets my friend purchased in a bedding store . After feeling the coarse rough-feeling nature I quickly noticed a large 3cm x 3cm -LRB- large -RRB- hole in the middle of the main bedding sheet through it 's folded portion - meaning numerous large holes in different areas.Although there are many products I purchase on Amazon that are worth their price , these are no more impressive than most of the 400-thread cotton sheets I considered purchasing in the store . Perhaps , these sheets are vastly more comfortable to the touch after washing , but they certainly are not a bargain for the quality upon initial opinion.I hope your purchase experience was/is better .
 I was really hoping for some soft sheets . These are n't very soft . I washed them 10 times trying to get them soft enough to sleep on . They are a tad better , but not near as soft as I would like . Hopefully they will get softer with time , because I already threw away the packaging or I would have returned them .
 These sheets are not soft . They are grainy feeling . I have washed them with lots of softener and that did not help . They are also thin . It is my fault for not paying attention . These are NOT Egyptian cotton .
 Not soft at all . Have had cheap sheets that are softer than these . The 500 thread count I got from Macy 's were a much better product .
 These sheets are awful . They are very scratchy and not comfortable at all . Disappointing since I 've bought Renaissance sheets in the past and been happy with them . I will not be buying these again .
 The sheets were very stiff . Even after washing , they came out stiff and very very wrinkly . I would not recommend them to anyone .
 did not come in original package , but seemed to be opened and not by us . The sheets still do not fit the bed .
 Bottom -LRB- fitted -RRB- sheet is very difficult to put on . Sheet is barely large enough to fit on mattress , and elastic far too tight to stretch over four corners . I have been using them for several months , thinking the elastic would stretch - it has NOT.Unfortunately I purchased two sets and both have the same issue .
 Ridiculously stiff sheets and definitely feels NOTHING like sateen sheets . Even after washing with fabric softener still did not help .
 I recently received these sheets and as soon as I opened the box I could tell that the sheets were n't the color in the description or in the picture on Amazon . I ordered the ivory queen-size sheet set and what I received -LRB- though it says ivory on the package -RRB- is more like beige or tan . My understanding has always been that ivory is off-white but this is at least 2-3 shades darker than that . I 'll be sending these back .
 ... AFTER A FEW WASH , IT LOOKS LIKE A 100 YEAR OLD GRANDMOTHER ! ! THE QUALITY IS SO BAD ... SO . . SO CHEAP , IT DOSENT FIT MY KING SIZE BED , I USE VERY LOW HEAT . . STILL
 I 'm disappointed in the sheet set . Yes , they are well made and fit my King nicely . However , to me , `` Sateen '' means soft and silky sheets , especially with a 600 thread count . The set is not soft on the skin and feels more like sandpaper . I am going to try washing & drying them a dozen times to get to the `` sateen '' stage .
 Got these and when I opened I thought they were a bit rough . Washed and then washed again . I feel like I am back to my college days when I was n't concerned about thread count and got the cute sheets . Swear these feel like a 200 thread count sheet . I like the color and hope they soften more with washings .
 What I love about these sheets
 If you like sheets that pill and wrinkle after a few days these are for you !! I could have spent $ 10 at Wal Mart and got better sheets than this ! I thought I 'd give them another chance after sleeping on them a few nights and got a razor and shaved the sheets then washed them according to the care instructions . After 4 nights they started to get little fuzzies again . I 'm working with Amazon to get a refund .
 I had high hopes for these sheets as they were 600 thread count for a good price - I guess you get what you pay for ! I owned them for only a week and very quickly returned them to Amazon - after they were washed I could not get the wrinkles out - I followed the recommendations and even ironed them - all to no avail . I would highly suggest that you do not waste your time or money buying them unless you like the wrinkled , dishevelled look . I would give these sheets no stars if I could !
 I was thoroughly disappointed in both the sheets and Amazon . Firstly , these sheets are NOT 100 % cotton ; they are in fact 55 % cotton and 45 % polyester . Secondly , Amazon clearly has not done sufficient quality control to catch the misrepresentation . I might have gotten past the fact that they are n't 100 % cotton because they felt so nice coming out of the packaging , but once washed , they had lost a lot of their softness and no longer seemed appealing at all . Do n't waste your money ; you will be disappointed !
 these sheets are terrible , you might as well buy the $ 20 ikea sheets . 100 % cotton ? , sure maybe , sateen weave ? definitely not ... save your money cause this is n't a steal
 While these sheets feel great , on the first wash the color bled . A lot ! The bleeding continues with each wash . These sheets now have giant colorless blotches all over them . They were always laundered per instruction . They are only a few months old and they are useless .
 Yes , I have had the problem so many other reviewers have had with these sheets . My fault for not reading the reviews before I bought them ! I have washed them about 10 times to try and get some of the stiffness out of them and they are like a board still . Tried the fabric softener trick too and it did n't help at all . Tried to send them back after 30 days -LRB- of washing and hoping that they would get better -RRB- and got the fabulous Amazon message that they would give me 50 % of my money back ! Guess I should not have kept hoping they would get less stiff . I am not kidding , sandpaper is more comfortable to sleep on . We took them off in the middle of the night they were so bad ! Do n't buy these sheets -- it has been 3 months of washing them -LRB- and not sleeping in them -RRB- and I still ca n't use them .
 I loved these sheets when I first received them and would have written a glowing review then . However , now that I have washed them twice there is no sheen to them and every single inch on them is pilled . They look terrible but I have n't slept on them yet since they pilled so I do n't know how that will feel . Hopefully it wo n't be noticeable . No one sees these sheets other than me and my husband , but I am very disappointed with these considering I 've had cheaper sheet sets for 8 years that have n't reacted this way . By the way , I ordered the set in chocolate and it is a nice color if brown is what you want . Maybe it 's possible that certain colors pill and some do n't ? I have read other reviews that people said their sheets pilled also .
 I do n't think that these sheets are truly 600 thread count . They are no where near as soft as other sheets that I have that are 600 thread count . I have washed them twice now hoping that they will soften up ... let 's keep our fingers crossed .
 I bought the chocolate Renaissance sheets . They are the worse sheets that I have ever purchased . They are rough and very wrinkled after washing . I ca n't imagine they are 600 thread count . I have purchased better quality sheets at the big box stores .
 I purchased what I thought were the same sheets last year . They were thick and very well made . But these sheets suck . After only a week or two they 've started to pill , plus they are not thick like the ones we purchased last time . 600 count is very inaccurate . I DO NOT RECOMMEND !
 Was thrilled with such nice sheets for such a good price of $ 39.99 . We bought them as a spare set of sheets and after two uses and two washes , the fitted sheet got tiny holes in it . Time to get out the mending set . Definately not recommended to purchase !
 I ordered the sheets based on the image on the listing which made it look like a light shade of brown . The actual sheets that arrived -LRB- the color name was `` Cafe '' -RRB- were a darker brown with a gold/yellowish hue to them and i was very disappointed . I never opened the package to check the quality of the material ... they seemed very nice , i was just disappointed by the color and ended up returning them .
 These arrived at our house on the 12th of Oct. and have only lasted for a month , they were very smooth and soft to begin with but now they are very rough .
 The sheets feel nice and are functional . Yay ... But they are more golden than mocha . Either they switched it on us and did n't tell us or the company has a very bad photographer working for them . Either way it just is n't worth the effort of shipping them back and going through that hassle , so whatever . Buying things online is always a risk .
 I ordered these a few months back . I have washed them a few times and they feel scratchy . The fitted sheet barely fits on our queen bed . I do n't think they are horrible , just would n't buy again . Hope this helps !
 It seems strong , durable and possibly soft after a few washes , but it has n't gotten soft ! I purchased these 7 months ago and have been using them almost entirely ! They are scratchy , wrinkles like crazy -LRB- normally I do n't care , but this is ridiculous -RRB- and on my husband 's side it pilled so badly I want to take a sweater shaver to it . Do n't waste your money ! Very disappointed !
 I can not reconcile my experience with these sheets with all the positive reviews out there unless there is a great variability in quality between sizes/colors . I bought the queen set in chocolate . When I got them I thought the color looked very nice . I washed them and they fit on the bed fine . Those are the only good things I can say about them . They are very rough and scratchy . My husband calls them the sandpaper sheets . After only two washes -LRB- as per instructions -RRB- , the color was running out in huge patches , and continues to get worse each wash . Fresh out of the dryer they are incredibly wrinkled and seem to pick up ever piece of residual lint . In short , they are uncomfortable and look terrible . I was waiting to see if they would get softer after multiple washes but I think they are a lost cause . I guess sheets are just one of those things you have to buy in a store .
 At first I thought this was a great deal on very nice , high thread count sheet set . However I guess you get what you pay for because after the second wash , the entire sheet set pilled up . I read a few other reviews saying this ... my sheet set was ivory , perhaps the white does n't pill ?? I was very careful to wash according to the instructions on the label ! Now after the 4th wash these sheets feel like sand paper and will have to be replaced soon . My previous sheet set lasted for 6 years without any pilling , this manufacturing is sub-par . Perhaps I got 40 dollars of value from them , but I can NOT recommend these sheets at all , unless it 's for a kid 's halloween costume or to use as a drop-cloth . Terrible product .
 I was disapointed in these sheets and pillow cases . When I first opened them they looked great . After 1 washing the finish was no longer there . I would not buy them again.Renaissance 600 Thread Count 100 % Cotton Sateen Queen Sheet Set , WhiteRenaissance 600 Thread Count 100 % Cotton Sateen Queen Sheet Set , White
 I doubled checked the product info . and low and behold it 's not what it states.The fitted sheet can not fit a 10 '' deep mattress . It said the pockets are 16 '' deep , and it does n't fit very well . We also found that the flat sheet has a flaw in the stitching but it was discovered too late . If you buy this product open the package and check it before use .
 I ordered this set for my king sized bed and cafe -LRB- which is coffee in French -RRB- turns out to be a gold/yellow color . The the photo on the site it looks more like a taupe but I was wrong . Even my husband asked why I bought `` gold '' sheets to go with our brown/blue comforter set -LRB- which does not go at all -RRB- . I still ended up keeping this set as we only ordered one set of sheets for our new bed so far . The sheets feel soft and I have no complaints there other then the color is totally off . If I order another set it will be the dark brown set .
 I was not happy with the color of these sheets . The quality was also questionable . When I washed these sheets , the color faded and they became very wrinkly and messy . All in all , I would say these were not my best purchase .
 I used to work for a store that sold basic to luxury bedding . THIS is a clear example of one can be mislead by all the great reviews . I have a couple sets of Sateen sheets . Specifically polyester sateen sheets . I 'm not exaggerating when I say they are amazingly silky smooth and soft . I 've been having difficulty finding similar sheets as the store from which I originally purchased my sheets no longer sells sateen sheets.So , after a search on amazon , I found these sheets with so many five star reviews , I thought `` well this MUST be a good product '' . I was wrong . Now for more perspective , I 'm not the only one that 's commented on the great quality of my sateen sheets . Everyone that feels my sheets comments about the smoothness and softness . When I opened the package for these `` Elite '' , `` collection '' sheets , I was shocked at how rough and cheap the sheet felt . Let me put it to you this way , I 've been to cheap motels that have better sheets than these . I would feel bad having a guest sleep on these sheets , much less myself . Again , I 'm not exaggerating . These sheets are poor quality . I truly feel like I was ripped off.My sateen sheets were purchased for just under $ 50.00 . This product I 'm reviewing costs twice as much after shipping . I 'm still at a loss as to how so many great reviews have been placed on such a poor quality product . It just goes to show that you ca n't rely on customer reviews . Better to search for professional opinions on a product , THEN search for it on amazon if you wish , or elsewhere .
 The Sheets I recieved were missized . I ordered the King Set . When they arrived i took them out , washed and dried them and proceeded to make up my bed only to discover that the fitted sheet was a Queen !!!!!!!!
 I do n't know what 's happening with Amazon , but of the four items I ordered on March 3 , I have received ONE of them so far ... One book has yet to be sent out , and the two others , including this item , have supposedly been sent out but I have yet to receive them ... And Amazon keeps on telling me to give it a few more days before contacting them again ! So , I guess this one star review is less about the item than it is about the terribly slow service of Amazon ... Stay tuned about the product itself , if and when it 's ever received !
 I ordered these on December 5 and now Xmas has come and gone , and still no sheets . Thanks for nothing , literally . Do n't buy these sheets -- they will put a damper on your Xmas if you do . God , this sucks .
 The color was not at all what I expected , either from the picture or the word -LRB- Cafe -RRB- used to describe it ; instead , the sheets were a light gold . Also , I expect sateen sheets to be smooth and silky , especially with this thread count , and these were stiff and uncomfortable . They actually crunch when you move around in them . This is the last time I buy something like this online ; from now on , I 'm not buying sheets unless I can see and feel them first .
 These sheets are the worse I have ever bought . They left an enormous amout of lint in the dryer , they came out horribly wrinkled and they did n't fit the king sized bed properly .
 For this price , I expected a pretty high end set of sheets ... one that was fairly soft , and fit well . With these , I got neither . Not only do these feel `` cheap '' and thin , they 're not soft at all , even after three washings . Additionally , although I ordered Queen size sheets and do not have an overly thick mattress , it almost took an act of Congress to get the final corner onto the mattress . I can tell just by this first experience that they are n't sized properly , and that after a few uses , the elastic is going to be complete stretched out . Do yourself a favor and do n't buy these . Go to Target and get their 600-count Egyptian sheets ... which is what I wish I had done to begin with .
 I 've been using 600 + count sheets now for over 7 years and I ordered these considering the many positive reviews . I ordered King and I have to say that they are rough not soft ! They are not comfortable at all . I am going to wash them a few more times and hopefully they get softer the more I wear them in .
 Nowhere near as soft as a true 600 count sheet set should be . Second , the color did not match the photo . Third , it looked to be of poor quality coming out of the dryer for the first time . A waste of money .
 I was pleasantly surprised with the speed at which it was delivered . Feels very soft and thick.The only disadvantage and it makes the set useless for us is that the fitted sheet is a couple of inches smaller than the standard queen size mattress . So I would n't buy this again nor would I recommend it to anyone .
 This is a white , queen-sized set . Made in China . Washed as directed before using . Came out extremely wrinkled . Numerous small wrinkles that seem set in . Fabric is stiff and rustles audibly . Top sheet is too narrow . Have washed it several times since with fabric softener . No real help . The set will be put away and saved for emergencies . Very displeased . It seems that products like this are supplied by various factories from various countries with little attempt at consistent quality control . Well , the set was inexpensive , but really not a bargain .
 The sheets slept very hot , so I did n't use them for more than a couple of days . When I went to wash them , one of the pillow-cases ripped .
 This is the last time I will EVER buy sheets that are not made in the USA . These are from India . After unboxing , leaving the package on the table for 2 days I unzipped the plastic , removed them from the casing -LRB- king size so there was a lot of fabric -RRB- and saw what looked like black grease spots on the top -LRB- dress -RRB- part of the top sheet and on one pillow case -LRB- they are WHITE sheets -RRB- . My husband had already thrown the packaging material away so I tried to use a spot remover product before washing them . The grease -LRB- magic marker ? -RRB- spots did not come out and they are so wrinkled after washing that I will have to iron them . It 's been a while since I have bought sheets and thought these would be nice , 600 ct. , nothing feels quality about them . Heavy , wrinkled . Really my first bad experience with Amazon products but I wo n't forget .
 After 1 month of use these sheets started piling . At 600TC I would have expected these to be much softer . Overall very disappointed . I will not be buying this brand again .
 I bought these sheets a few months ago and they have already started to pill . They are now very uncomfortable . I was not very satisfied when I first received them because they felt thin and more like a tee shirt than cotton sheets , but now I am very unsatisfied because they have not held up at all .
 When I received the sheets , they were the right color , and they felt really soft , but after washing them -LRB- following the instructions on the tag -RRB- they shrunk and lost almost all of their softness . I am not happy with my purchase . Next time I 'll just stick with a brand I trust .
 I 've only owned these sheets for two weeks and they are already headed toward the trash . We loved them when we first received them , but now they are starting to show wear and form bumps all over . Very disapointing .
 I previously reviewed these sheets shortly after I received them . Now I have all sorts of new things to say about them . I got them in early March -LRB- or late February -RRB- 2008 . It is now June 2008 . These sheets feel cheap , they are not soft , they hardly fit my 21-inch mattrest , and were insanely expensive . They pill !! They feel like carpet , now . I bought a Wamsutta set at Bed Bath and Beyond for $ 95 -LRB- admittedly , they were on sale -RRB- and they are TWICE as good as than this set . Do n't waste your money , time , or shipping dollars on these incredibly cheap and rough sheets . -LRB- Did I mention that I almost gave myself a concussion getting the fitted sheet around the mattress ? And it STILL did n't fit all the way down to the bottom and tuck underneath . -RRB-
 I purchased this sheet set for a xl-full bed , it falls off the bed , had a stain already on the sheet set and the company does not send you a packing slip or any information on how to contact them about a problem with their product.For a luxury sheet set I would not order from them again .
 this is too small than that screen wow it is way too smalli do n't wan na recommend it to anybody
 I got this pasta maker as a gift , and after the first use the knob used to set the thickness of the pasta broke off and so did a piece of the handle used to turn the rollers . All it would make after that is a flat piece of pasta with varying thickness . The company is going to charge me to send it to them and back , even if they decide to exchange the product , and all correspondences must be done by mail -LRB- no call-in number -RRB- so I 'm not even hopeful for an exchange .
 While I 'm sure it 's a perfectly fine pasta roller , it is completely unadjustable and therefore unsuited to my needs . If you want a machine that will roll dough or clay to varying thicknesses , look elsewhere .
 Bought the Machine , and got the correct flour . Made up the dough , and that was a success . Followed the instructions , used the vice to hold the machine to the table , then started off by cleaning the machine with a small piece of dough to get rid of machine oil.All that worked well.Then I started to make pasta . Making the sheets was fine , but as soon as I cut them into noodles it all went wrong . They started to stick together . My wife and I ended up having to work together , flouring the noodles as they came out of the machine to stop them sticking.But the pasta was delicious . I guess it just takes a bit of practice . In future I will leave the dough longer in the fridge to `` rest '' before rolling it , and have a mini-production line ready to catch and flour the cut noodles.The machine works great , I have no problems with it . It is cheap , it may fall apart , but for this price who really cares?I ca n't wait to try making my own pasta tricolore . And I want to try lasagne , ravioli and canneloni . That way we can freeze our own pasta for easy re-heating . Healthy TV dinners here we come !
 The knob that controls the width of the rollers broke off after about a month of use . It 's made of cheap plastic and broke!I tried to get a refund/replacement but the manufacturer did not respond to my request . You buy a cheap pasta maker , you get a cheap pasta maker.Do not purchase this piece of garbage . My wife also says its garbage . Buy a more expensive machine and get what you pay for .
 The first time I used this cookie sheet it warped . And that was after only 5 minutes in a 300degree oven !!!!!
 I 've had scanpan for a few years now and I 'm pretty happy with them except I wish I would have got the all-clad pan set instead . For the money you might as well get the stainless set it has a more durable finish than whatever these pans have . My pans are starting to get deep marks in the bottom of them and the non stick feature they advertise does seem to work for a long time but after a few years it does wear out significantly . Just my thoughts as I 'm sure someone out there loves their scanies and probably has an argument to stay with them .
 Eggs and Hashbrowns always stick to this pan regardless of heat intensity , timing of oil addition , or amount of oil . This never happened with my less expensive cast iron that was purchased at World Market . It is impossible to cook in this pan even if add a lot of extra oil adding calories and fat . The LC reputation is greatly exaggerated !
 Not long ago I bought a Le Creuset non-stick omelete frying pan and was very satisfied with it . The size of that pan was a bit small so I decided to buy a much bigger 11-3/4 '' skillet . When I received it I discovered that it did n't come with a non-stick coating , but instead it had a `` Satin black enamel '' surface . It 's just horrible - everything sticks to it , even when I use low heat and lots of oil . Now I know why Le Creuset says the pan gets better as you use it more , as it will get a special `` patina '' - probably meaning that this skillet sticks badly . Now I have to suffer from scrubbing each time after I fry something simple until the `` patina '' develops . By the way , the best way to clean a Le Creuset is baking soda ! Sprinkle baking soda and add a drop of detergent , then scrub with a sponge - very effective !
 the cooking surface is not coated with enamel and it will stick , every time . I finally had to give mine away .
 Everything sticks to it . I thought it was a non-stick , in fact I did n't think they sold anything but that now . Dont buy !
 I bought this fry pan and I hope to replace all T-Fal non-stick pan because of cancer concern from the Teflon coating . This fry pan is very heavy and it is so heavy when full of food that only my husband can handle . I am not sure what kind of non-stick coating is on this pan . I originally think it would last a life time . It only last a few months . The handle got very hot so you have to be careful . The non-stick works well for the first month . However , the surface turned black after a few months and became sticking even more than stainless steel . I had since switched to all Healthy Legend Ceramic Coated cookware with German ceramic non-toxic coating and they work good ever since . This Le Creuset is on the bottom of my storage . It is only useful for a few months .
 Concerned about non stick teflon surfaces I purchased this pan , along with the grill pan - this is the worst frying pan I have ever used -LRB- caphalon , magnalite , cooks , revereware and various inexpensive teflon pans -RRB- Everything sticks ! The heat does have uneven distribution in the pan , I 'm not sure why , and no matter the oil used eggs , fish , burgers , everything sticks . An expensive mistake , I ended up throwing it in the recycling bin . I will say that I have a few Le Crueset oval cooking dishes which are enameled on the interior and I love them , which is what encouraged me to try the fry pan . Take your money elsewhere .
 Le Creuset Enameled Cast-Iron 11-3/4 - Inch Skillet with Iron Handle , CherryThe pancakes on this pan stick big time even after applying oil to it . I had to put water and boil it for long and scratch off the thing to clean . It was such a mess . I am not satisfied with the product and wanted to return it . They do n't accept used ones as returns . . Had to throw it in thrash . very expensive buy . inexpensive walmart cast iron worked better for me .
 I own this pan and the 12 inch lodge skillet . I love the lodge pan and I am about to get rid of this one in place of a smaller lodge . I refuse to use teflon so exclusively use cast iron instead . My lodge pan and a smaller cast iron skillet I have from the 1950s get used every day but this one just sits because everything sticks and it is really hard to clean .
 I have a lot of Le Creuset items , and I love them all except the two frying pans , this one and another 9 '' . Everything sticks to them ! It 's just hopeless . Super difficult to clean too . I wish I could return them .
 I love Le Creuset , my first pots were hand me downs from my mom and they 've been used between the two of us for nearly 40 years ! They 're wonderful ! And the soup pot is my absolute favorite ! This skillet however is a disaster . I honestly think it should be recalled . I use medium heat and some oil and everything sticks . Potatoes or eggs are a nightmare . This morning I tried once again and finally said enough . I 'll try to reseason it , but it seems beyond hope . I 'm very disappointed in the quality from Le Creuset . Maybe there 's an issue with a small percentage of these pans ?
 This pan got good enough reviews that I know what your thinking . `` Wow , clearly this person did n't know what they were doing with this skillet . '' Or something the like . However I researched many different cookware options -LRB- and how to use them -RRB- before deciding on this one because I am interested in keeping toxic chemicals OUT of my food . I did n't go with straight up cast iron because I thought it would be too much of a hassle to cook with so I went with these thinking the enamel would make things at least somewhat non-stick . WOW . I was WRONG !!!!! To cook an omelet is a messy nightmare ending in crusty scrambled eggs -LRB- most of which stay stuck to the pan any way . -RRB- It 's the same with trying to cook lean ground meats . Instant stick ! Keep in mind that I 've NEVER hit these pans with soap , or metal utensils and I 've ALWAYS kept them properly seasoned . Any concoction that is more liquidy does perfectly fine . Am I majorly disappointed in these pans ? YES . However , ANYTHING beats toxic chemicals leaching out into my food so I will deal . ** I should probably add that I have the other pots and they are wonderful . It 's just the skillets that suck .
 I am a lover of the culinary arts , although it is n't my profession . After much reading and experimentation , I decided to follow the advice of many cooks for blue collar folks like me who are short on funds
 We have now bought two of these `` non-stick '' fry pans . They claim to have a `` permanent non stick '' ability . Do n't believe it . The `` non-stick '' surface does n't last any longer than the cheapest pan you can buy , about a year . Try calling their `` Customer Service Department '' at 1-877-772-5467 . Good luck . They will either keep you on hold for twenty minutes or more or hang up on you .
 This cookware is supposed to have a lifetime warranty ... if you can get anybody to cover it . The manufacturer says to contact the distributor , and the distributor is unresponsive . Pretty expensive cookware that does n't hold up as it is supposed to do .
 I got sick and tired of using disposable non-stick pans so I went to my local boutique culinary store and purchased 3 Scan Pans for around a total of $ 450 -LRB- one is quite large -RRB- . The whole idea of buying non-stick pans was to be able to fry without first coating the pan with lubricant , butter , oil , etc. . Fried eggs are my litmus test . So they worked great for the first 4 or 5 months but then things began to stick . I called the store and was told they must be dirty so I followed directions and boiled soapy water in the pans for 15 minutes . This did n't improve the non-stick properties so I went back to the store and was told I needed to use a plastic scrapper -LRB- more money -RRB- on the pans before boiling the soapy water in them . I did as instructed but again , no improvement . I called back once more and the sales person told me to use oven cleaner on the pan and then boil the soapy water . I reluctantly followed directions . Sure enough the non-stick film on the pan started bubbling up and coming off . The pan was ruined . I took it back to the store and they said I must have overheated the pan in the extreme . I had n't . I left the pan with them but I do not think they were convinced it was not my fault . I did n't ask for warrantee or my money back as I 'd had enough . We still have the remaining two pans but even with thorough cleaning and the use of lubricant they do not pass my litmus test . Meanwhile I resolved never to buy their products again . Oh , I went to Sams Club and bought a couple of their non-stick fry pans which have surpassed the Scan Pan in durable performance . The difference is that from day one I have used a lubricant on the pan . Had I done this with the Scan Pan perhaps it would have lasted longer , I do n't know . But at over $ 100 each I would have expected them to be good even without the butter/oil lubricant . Oh well .
 Do n't waste your money . No matter what the maker says , these are just another version of the same old disposable pan , not `` lifetime '' cookware . Sure , these are solid and look well made , but just like any flimsy cheap non-stick pan , it worked fine for about 6 months , then quickly became virtually unusable . We have never abused this pan in any way , have never used metal utensils in it , have never overheated it , and have stored it carefully to avoid scratching . There are no visible scratches , but even with plenty of oil , this pan now works no better than an UNOILED cast iron skillet . Everything sticks to it , even with a very liberal amount of oil . Even BACON adheres to the pan!As to the lifetime warranty , you must have an original sales receipt . Right . Ours was a gift -LRB- no receipt -RRB- as is an identical pan we bought for our son shortly after we received ours -LRB- and were still impressed with it -RRB- . His pan is in the same state as ours now . Both receipts are long gone , which is surely anticipated by most makers offering `` lifetime warranties '' . At this point , I 've given up on `` miracle non-stick pans '' . A cast iron or other solid metal pan with a little oil is still the best .
 The pan we got started oxidizing on the bottom from day one . The company says it is dishwasher safe but the bottom should not oxidize if it is . One of the main reasons we bought this pan above others was the company saying it is dishwasher safe . I wrote the company and they said that the oxidation was normal , not a defect , just scrub it off with an SOS pad . No way I should have to scrub a pan with an SOS when it just came out of the dishwasher . As expensive as this pan is , you would think it would do what it says .
 We were really excited when we bought our Scanpan . We had been buying a new nonstick skillet once a year since forever because no matter how expensive they were they still needed to be replaced about once a year . We were tired of filling up the landfill . Unfortunately , after about 4 months , our Scanpan skillet got sticky . Our morning eggs stuck worse than on our $ 20.00 cast iron skillet . We had followed all the directions , but still ... We sent it back to the company -LRB- fortunately , we had saved the box and the receipt -RRB- and for a $ 10.95 shipping fee we got another . It lasted for about 8 months before it got sticky . Yes , we can send the 2nd one back too - again , and again , and again . This is n't what we had hoped for when we spent nearly $ 100.00 on this skillet ! The land fill gets fuller and fuller and we 're spending as much as year as we did before when we bought the cheap $ 20.00 pan from Costo.Yes , it 's nice and flat and heats evenly , but that 's about all I can say for it .
 I received my sheets last week . I washed them , according to package instructions , and was prepared for a good night sleep . To my dismay , the sheets were not comfortable . I like my sheet 's soft . I tossed all night . I noticed some of the previous reviews stated the sheets were a little on the thick side , but I thought it would n't be a problem for me . I was wrong . Last year I ordered sheets from Amazon -LRB- Pinzon 500 thread count egyptian Sateen -RRB- and I loved them !! They are my favorite set . I 've been waiting on the chocolate color Pinzon sheets to go on sale -LRB- currently it 's over $ 100 dollars ! -RRB- but I got tired of waiting and decided to try this set instead . I should have waited . Save your money , buy the Pinzon sheets . You wo n't be dissappointed .
 I purchased a Queen set in white over a month ago and waited until I laundered them multiple times before submitting a review . I tried the set on my mattress before washing to make sure they fit ; the fitted bottom sheet was large , fit easily over my 12 '' thick mattress -LRB- with mattress pad , electric mattress pad and feather topper -RRB- . However , after several washings they are difficult to stretch over the mattress ... they still fit but it 's a struggle . The top flat sheet was too narrow before washing . It 's acceptable but wish it would have hung down a little more . FYI
 I ordered a set of these in ivory a couple of years ago . They were thick enough and luxurious and have held up wonderfully . I loved them so much , I recently ordered another set . What a difference ! The new sheets are cheap quality , the color is too yellow and they wrinkle like the cheapest sheets you could buy . They are very thin and are not at all like my older sheets . A total rip off !
 ... AFTER A FEW WASH , IT LOOKS LIKE A 100 YEAR OLD GRANDMOTHER ! ! THE QUALITY IS SO BAD ... SO . . SO CHEAP , IT DOSENT FIT MY KING SIZE BED , I USE VERY LOW HEAT . . STILL
 I 'm disappointed in the sheet set . Yes , they are well made and fit my King nicely . However , to me , `` Sateen '' means soft and silky sheets , especially with a 600 thread count . The set is not soft on the skin and feels more like sandpaper . I am going to try washing & drying them a dozen times to get to the `` sateen '' stage .
 Got these and when I opened I thought they were a bit rough . Washed and then washed again . I feel like I am back to my college days when I was n't concerned about thread count and got the cute sheets . Swear these feel like a 200 thread count sheet . I like the color and hope they soften more with washings .
 What I love about these sheets
 If you like sheets that pill and wrinkle after a few days these are for you !! I could have spent $ 10 at Wal Mart and got better sheets than this ! I thought I 'd give them another chance after sleeping on them a few nights and got a razor and shaved the sheets then washed them according to the care instructions . After 4 nights they started to get little fuzzies again . I 'm working with Amazon to get a refund .
 This purchase is disappointing . Sheets are stiff for sateen and the color is not true to the advertisement on line . Cafe looks more gold ; not an attractive color .
 These sheets are not what they promised . Already pilling after one wash . They are not as soft as you are lead to believe .
 THESE SHEETS APPEAR TO BE VERY GOOD QUALITY AND FEEL VERY NICE , BUT THEY DO NOT FIT DEEP POCKET MATTRESSES AS INDICATED . I HAVE A SLEEP NUMBER BED , AND HAVE NEVER HAD A PROBLEM WITH SHEETS FITTING UNTIL THESE .
 The color of these sheets is Gold , not cafe or any shade of tan or brown as shown in the photo . Totally unacceptable . Returned them .
 I bought two sets , one king and one queen . I washed one set and when they came out of the dryer the top and bottom sheets were a different color of ivory . The color was splotchy and they were horribly wrinkled and stiff . I packed them up and sent them back to Amazon today . I 've bought heavy cotton sheets on Amazon before but they were made in Pakistan and were really wrinkle resistant even though they were 100 % cotton . Wish I could find those again !
 The fabric is the same as the sacks that in the 50 's held chicken mash -LRB- chicken food -RRB- from the feed and grain store . No amount of laundering or wear will ever soften this coarse and rough cotton enough to make it comfortable to sleep on . They are not a true white , but more an ivory and made to `` resemble '' a popular striped sheet you find at local stores and even hotels . I was astounded that such a poor textile was still in use much less sold as bedding.I took a leap of faith in the 90 's and used my credit card to buy books through the Internet on the site known as Amazon . Now many years later after having purchased probably hundreds of products , this will be my first return . I think the consumer and Amazon have been deceived .
 Sheets are not at all soft - they feel like cardboard and when you wash them , they come out of the dryer very wrinkled . Not able to recommend at all .
 These sheets look okay but they 're so stiff and rough I have n't used them yet . I 've washed them twice in hot water and will do so again and see how they do . I do n't know whether it 's the fabric or the amount of sizing , but so far I ca n't recommend them . I 'm going to find the ones I 've ordered before and get another set.It 's now February and I 've finally put them on the bed . They never got softer . They come out of the dryer very wrinkled and stay that way . My husband had to help put the fitted sheet on because it 's a little too short , and our mattress is only 9 inches deep . This sheet would never go on a deep pocket mattress . The top sheet barely tucks in at the bottom . I 'm going to accept the loss and give these sheets to Goodwill . I do not recommend them .
 I am extremely disappointed in these sheets . I would like to return them , but I used them . However , the sheets are not sateen in my estimation . They are coarse to lay on and I would expect much better from Amazon .
 These sheets were an utter disappointment , there is no way that they are 600 thread count - they are coarse and cheap feeling . The sheets I normally buy at Costco are much nicer quality at a similar price.I would not recommend that anyone buy these scratchy sheets . The only reason I did n't return them was because I threw away the box when I washed the sheets , hoping that they would soften up during washing - they did not.Terrible sheets .
 The sheets arrived on time . The price was good , but I washed them before using and they did not feel like quality sheets after the washing . There was quite a change in the texture after washing . They became very rough and not silky and smooth as I expected from a 600-thread-count product . I will not order again or recommend .
 I received a set of this sheet set and an extra set of pillow cases for an early Christmas gift . I thought 600 thread count would mean they were high quality and soft ! While the stitching is good , and the fabric is thick , the sheets texture feel like sand paper ! For the price , I expected a good quality sheet set . I washed and dried them yesterday and used them last night and they felt terrible !!! Do not buy these sheets - or you will be shipping them back to amazon like I will be .
 These sheets were great when they arrived , I was happy with the color , and they were really soft . I rotate between them and another set of sheets each week , so these were actually only used about 6 weeks -LRB- 6 washings -RRB- before the fitted sheet was pilled so bad that it became rough and uncomfortable . The color also became very patchy and spotted after a few washings . I would not buy this brand again , or recommend it to anyone .
 I ordered the sheets based on the image on the listing which made it look like a light shade of brown . The actual sheets that arrived -LRB- the color name was `` Cafe '' -RRB- were a darker brown with a gold/yellowish hue to them and i was very disappointed . I never opened the package to check the quality of the material ... they seemed very nice , i was just disappointed by the color and ended up returning them .
 I have been told that the higher the thread count , the softer the sheet . Not in this case . The sheets -LRB- after a couple of washings -RRB- are still stiff and rough . I actually got up and put my old 300-400 sheets from a discount store on the bed in the middle of the night because I could not sleep on these . I thought I was `` treating '' myself with these -- unfortunately it turned out to be torture .
 These sheets seemed to be awesome at first use . After sleeping on them , however , there is significant pilling after only a short use . I loved them when I bought them , but now feel otherwise . I would not recommend these sheets .
 They are not quite what I expected . They wrinkle very easily . Would not order them again .
 These sheets get more wrinkly than any other sheets we 've ever owned . The color looks very nice , but the wrinkles ruin it . They 're reasonably comfortable , but not nearly as good as the charter club macy 's sheets that we use on our main bed.Thread count is overrated . Do n't buy into that hype .
 Nice comfortable beautiful looking sheets . However , the colors faded within a few months , and the threads etc started looking freyed in a similiar time-frame . I do n't have much to compare to as far as other products , but I have to say I was disappointed .
 I read the reviews before ordering and thought surely the bad reviews were just complainiers who would n't be satisfied with anything . But I must say these sheets are TERRIBLE ! They fit perfectly and were soft , but after the 2nd wash they are pilled up and feel like sandpaper . Am now using them to cover plants outside during a freeze .
 I 'm sorry but these are not sateen sheets . I have been buying sateen sheets for 15 years . They are getting harder to find so I was thrilled when I found this set for only $ 45 . When I got them , it was a major disappointment . They are not soft , at all -LRB- even after washing -RRB- . Also , like another reviewer said , the cafe color looks nothing like the picture . Wish I could return but that 's not an option since I washed them . Would not recommend . Stick with what you know and do n't fall for something that says high quality just because the price is good - lesson learned !
 I have never once posted a review for anything , ever , and I am a huge online shopper . When you first take these sheets out of the box they fee wonderful . After you wash them they are scratchy and made me feel itchy . True sheets of the quality this brand `` advertises '' feel great for a long time , this is not the case with this product . I feel that I wasted my money and would never advise someone to buy these sheets , go to Marshalls of TJ Maxx over buying this item .
 Really disappointed in the color of these sheets . `` Cafe '' would bring to mind the color of coffee/latte not a horrible gold color . Sheets bunch up and do n't stay tight on the mattress .
 these sheets were used three times and are badly pilled . I never wash towels with my sheets so it is just bad fiber even though they were supposed to be 600 thread count . Tried to return them , missed the return date . I would have to have left them on the bed for the whole month to know they were this bad .
 I have n't gotten more than 3 uses out of this set and consider them scrap material at this point . They seem to shrink more with each wash . They never fit my standard sized king well and now dont fit at all . They piled up immediately and quite a bit with each wash so not a smooth feeling on your skin at all . Others wrote about wrinkling which I also experienced though that does n't bother me much . With all the good reviews I honestly wonder if different sheets are being sold as the same product .
 I washed the sheets before I used them the first time , and I noticed that one of the seams on the pillow case was torn . After washing them a second time , a seam on the sheet also ripped.The material is nice . The workmanship , not so much !
 I was so excited to see that I could get a 600 count sheet set for the price I did . I always wash everything I buy before using the product . After washing , I put them on my bed and then I saw a part of the color had washed away . I also , found the sheet set to be very rough , not at all what a 600 count sheet should feel like . My husband even made a remark ; that the sheets felt like a tarp . My husband does n't make a remark on these types of things .
 I returned these sheets because they were not scratchy , not soft at all . The color was beautiful so I was very sad to have to send them back .
 The color was not at all what I expected , either from the picture or the word -LRB- Cafe -RRB- used to describe it ; instead , the sheets were a light gold . Also , I expect sateen sheets to be smooth and silky , especially with this thread count , and these were stiff and uncomfortable . They actually crunch when you move around in them . This is the last time I buy something like this online ; from now on , I 'm not buying sheets unless I can see and feel them first .
 I was disappointed in 1 -RRB- The color was n't what I wanted , I wanted cafe brown , not gold ... 2 -RRB- The sheets do n't feel like they are 600-Thread countI would not buy these kind of sheets again.But there are okay . .
 If you have a regular maattress , beware of buying this sheeet set ! The corners of the fitted sheet are so deep that every night , they all come up from off the mattress , just from moving around .
 I was pleasantly surprised with the speed at which it was delivered . Feels very soft and thick.The only disadvantage and it makes the set useless for us is that the fitted sheet is a couple of inches smaller than the standard queen size mattress . So I would n't buy this again nor would I recommend it to anyone .
 These sheets are nothing like what is described on this page . Cafe - not . They are a horrible gold . 600 thread count sateen - not . They are as stiff as cheap percale . This stiffness is what angers me the most . They feel like a really over-starched shirt , even after washing . I do n't buy high-thread count sheets for stiffness . I buy them for their softness . Do not buy these !
 This can NOT be 600 Thread Count . It is super thin and is not as soft as the $ 12.00 bed sheets I bought at Wal-Mart . The sheets look nice , but that is where it ends . Not happy paying so much money for poor quality .
 These sheets are awful !!! They are so rough and itchy . I washed them multiple times to see if they would get softer , but that was not the case . I am shocked that Amazon can sell theses claiming that they are 600 tc and sateen . I have a set of 500 tc that are so much softer and nicer than these . I could n't sleep on these for one night . They are so uncomfortable and made me break out in hives and made me itch all over . Worst sheets I have ever owned !!! Very disappointed in these sheets and in Amazon !
 We ordered cafe colored and it is actually a dark mustard yellow . Also the fabric is the kind that is always wrinkled even if you iron it . Not worth it at all .
 I was not happy with the color of these sheets . The quality was also questionable . When I washed these sheets , the color faded and they became very wrinkly and messy . All in all , I would say these were not my best purchase .
 I 've ordered these sheets hoping for quality , but what I got is a damaged product with holes in it ! I am very angry and disappointed : -LRB-
 I should 've read the reviews more carefully . I ordered WHITE . The color that came in was CREAM . They call it `` Ivory '' ... That 's like an off-white yellowish color . Other reviewers have stated the same thing about the wrong color coming in.I 'm too lazy to return this . There are also no 5-star rated white queen size sheets -LRB- under $ 100 -RRB- at all on Amazon.com Next time , I 'll have to access an old fashioned department store of some type to get the proper sheets . No more ordering sheets online .
 When I 1st received these sheets they felt exactly as they should , soft , satin like . Unfortunately , upon washing , the wrinkled up -LRB- that I can handle -RRB- , but became so scratchy , I could n't sleep on them . I got up in the middle of the night and changed sheets!I guess I expected something more from 600 thread count and sateen .
 These sheets are not soft like other egyptian cotton sheets I own , even after a few washes . I do not recommend them !
 I washed these sheets and when I put the top sheet on the bed , I noticed several holes in the top sheet . For gosh sakes , where was the quality control on this item ??
 I purchased a set of Renaissance 600-count sheets at a store and loved it - silky and a good fit . I sought and found what looked like the same sheets on Amazon -LRB- same name , thread count , appearance and price -RRB- . I purchase the ivory and teal blue . I did not receive the blue sheets , but a more blue-gray . Amazon offered to take them back and ultimately I got them without charge . Both colors shrank a bit when washed , enough to make it a struggle to get them on the bed . But after washing the ivory also became thicker , annoyingly so . Ultimately I gave them away .
 I 'd been looking for some chocolate colored sheets to complement our new master bedroom . Saw the Renaissance Collection 600 thread count and said `` wow , nice ... '' WRONG !!! I washed them before I put them on the bed as I always do with new linen and what came out of the dryer were EXTREMELY wrinkled sheets ... they felt soft when I took them out of the packaging but they lost all their softness once I washed them ... I know there is a lesson to be learned ...
 These sheets are very wrinkled and stiff after laundering . I would not purchase them again .
 First off , I hope no one who buys these sheets is particular about the color . `` Cafe '' turned out not to be a nice light brown , but a rather ugly mustard color . Fortunately , I do n't have good lighting in my bedroom , so it wo n't matter much , but the first thing I did was check to make sure I had n't been shipped the wrong color . Still , I 'm hoping the color fades - a lot - with washing . We 're talking 1970s mustard-yellow , here.Second , while the sheets seem reasonably soft , they are n't what I 'd expect for something that calls itself `` sateen . '' They 're coarser and of a somewhat lower quality than I anticipated , considering it 's a 600-thread count.All that said , it 's not bad for the price I paid of $ 41 for queen-sized sheets . I 'll use them ; I just wo n't expect them to last very long . I 'd give them two and a half stars if I could , but these sheets certainly do n't deserve three stars.UPDATE
 I thought these were the same as some other sheet that I ordered but they 're not . They 're much softer than my other ones of the same brand but after just a few weeks they started getting little fabric balls on them and became rough in certain sections . Wouldnt reccomend them at all .
 Before I bought these sheets I had 300 thread count sheets . I was super excited about 600 thread count and that it said Sateen . When you think about Sateen you think soft , silky , and smooth . Well , I got none of those . These sheets feel like cardboard . My 300 thread count sheet are softer then these trash bags . IT STATES SATEEN , it 's actually a horrible cotton.Don ' t WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!!!
 I WAS SO EXCITED TO FIND THESE SHEETS AT SUCH AN AFFORDABLE PRICE ... I FINALLY SWITCHED OVER FROM JERSEY SHEETS LAST YEAR AND DISCOVERED 450 TC ... LOVED THEM ... SO NATURALLY I ASSUMED 600TC WOULD BE THAT MUCH BETTER ... BOY WAS I WRONG !! I DID N'T USE AS SOON AS RECEIVED ... AS I WAS SAVING FOR THE MOST OPTIMAL TIME -LRB- HAD BEEN `` RENOVATING '' MY BEDROOM -RRB- ... MY PARENTS WERE IN IMMEDIATE NEED OF EXTRA SHEETS AND I WAS HAPPY TO BE ABLE TO PROVIDE WHAT THEY HAD USED FOR YEARS -LRB- DID N'T USE ANY LESS TC -RRB- ... MY MOM IMMEDIATELY CALLED TO ADVISE THEY WERE LIKE SANDPAPER ... EVEN AFTER THE WASH. ... NEEDLESS TO SAY WHEN I RETURNED TO THEIR HOME THEY WERE REPACKAGED AND WAITING FOR ME TO TAKE THEM BACK ... THEY ARE NOW SITTING ... WAITING ... FOR ... I DO N'T KNOW WHAT ! DROP-CLOTH MAYBE ... I WOULD NOT6 SLEEP ON THEM ... OR MAKE ANYONE ELSE EITHER !!! I HAVE TO SAY MANY THUMBS DOWN FOR THIS PRODUCT ! **** THE COLOR HOWEVER IS BEAUTIFUL ... MORE OF A LIGHT GOLDEN HONEY !! VERY NICE !!! ****
 These are about as soft as my 300 thread count sheets that I 've had for five years and of lesser quality than my 500 thread count sheets . Had I known that they 'd be of less than mediocre quality , I may have sprung for something more expensive with a higher thread count as I was looking to upgrade . However , I fell victim to the relatively attractive price and , due to that price , it 's simply not worth the shipping cost and hassle to return them so as far as I 'm concerned I 'm stuck with them.If you 're used to thread count sheets around 600 I 'd suggest not purchasing them because you 'll almost assuredly be as unimpressed with them as I am .
 We got a set of these sheets a few weeks ago and immediately noticed that the top sheet was n't wide enough . In fact , after washing , the top sheet barely reached the edge of the bed on both sides . We did try them out for a night , but the small size combined with the stiffness of the sheets was a deal breaker.As a side note , the fitted sheet fit just fine - although it was still made from the same stiff material.Other reviewers have mentioned that different sizes seem to made differently , so be aware that this review only applies to the California King size.I would not recommend getting these sheets in the California King size .
 These are really nice sheets . They look nice and feel nice . HOWEVER - the color i chose was Cafe . It looks like a light brown/beige online . When they arrived , they were GOLD . Now they dont match my bedding . Just watch your color selection .
 This 600 thread count sateen sheet set was not a good buy . In following washing and drying instructions , they end up a stiff mess of huge wrinkles and would be uncomfortable to sleep on . You would have to iron them to use them and who has time to do that !
 These sheets are not soft and luxurious as advertised . They are thick , hard and crunchy like paper . They also wrinkle easily and look a terrible mess on our bed . Do not recommend them .
 While these sheets feel great , on the first wash the color bled . A lot ! The bleeding continues with each wash . These sheets now have giant colorless blotches all over them . They were always laundered per instruction . They are only a few months old and they are useless .
 Yes , I have had the problem so many other reviewers have had with these sheets . My fault for not reading the reviews before I bought them ! I have washed them about 10 times to try and get some of the stiffness out of them and they are like a board still . Tried the fabric softener trick too and it did n't help at all . Tried to send them back after 30 days -LRB- of washing and hoping that they would get better -RRB- and got the fabulous Amazon message that they would give me 50 % of my money back ! Guess I should not have kept hoping they would get less stiff . I am not kidding , sandpaper is more comfortable to sleep on . We took them off in the middle of the night they were so bad ! Do n't buy these sheets -- it has been 3 months of washing them -LRB- and not sleeping in them -RRB- and I still ca n't use them .
 I loved these sheets when I first received them and would have written a glowing review then . However , now that I have washed them twice there is no sheen to them and every single inch on them is pilled . They look terrible but I have n't slept on them yet since they pilled so I do n't know how that will feel . Hopefully it wo n't be noticeable . No one sees these sheets other than me and my husband , but I am very disappointed with these considering I 've had cheaper sheet sets for 8 years that have n't reacted this way . By the way , I ordered the set in chocolate and it is a nice color if brown is what you want . Maybe it 's possible that certain colors pill and some do n't ? I have read other reviews that people said their sheets pilled also .
 I do n't think that these sheets are truly 600 thread count . They are no where near as soft as other sheets that I have that are 600 thread count . I have washed them twice now hoping that they will soften up ... let 's keep our fingers crossed .
 I bought the chocolate Renaissance sheets . They are the worse sheets that I have ever purchased . They are rough and very wrinkled after washing . I ca n't imagine they are 600 thread count . I have purchased better quality sheets at the big box stores .
 I purchased what I thought were the same sheets last year . They were thick and very well made . But these sheets suck . After only a week or two they 've started to pill , plus they are not thick like the ones we purchased last time . 600 count is very inaccurate . I DO NOT RECOMMEND !
 Was thrilled with such nice sheets for such a good price of $ 39.99 . We bought them as a spare set of sheets and after two uses and two washes , the fitted sheet got tiny holes in it . Time to get out the mending set . Definately not recommended to purchase !
 Ordered king size , white . They are n't incredibly soft , they 're very heavy , probably too hot for summer . And they do not fit my mattress -LRB- pillow top -RRB- very well . There 's no way the flat sheet will be able to be tucked in at the sides at all . Also , very wrinkly after drying . I guess you get what you pay for . These are no better than cheap Walmart sheets , which do fit better . So if you just want cheap sheets , get them from Walmart . If you want luxury sheets , I guess you do have to spend more .
 Sheets only lasted two washes and then started to fall apart . The sheets start to pill after the first use . Would not recommend this product .
 Quality is terrible ! These things are terrible !! So think you can see your hand right through them . I had to send them back . There was no way I could keep them , and make due !
 I have had different Sateen sheets for the past 10 years and these are not even near the quality . They are unbelievably wrinkly and after I even ironed the pillow cases , the wrinkles from the dryer did not come out . And I did not let them sit for a second in the dryer . Right when it was done I pulled them out . If I could do it again , I would not order these . They are not soft at all like sateen should be . Very disappointed .
 I do not believe this is 600 thread count . I washed it right out of the package before using it and was stunned at how acratchy the sheet set was . Even after a second washing . I do not recommend this sheet set .
 I ordered these a few months back . I have washed them a few times and they feel scratchy . The fitted sheet barely fits on our queen bed . I do n't think they are horrible , just would n't buy again . Hope this helps !
 It seems strong , durable and possibly soft after a few washes , but it has n't gotten soft ! I purchased these 7 months ago and have been using them almost entirely ! They are scratchy , wrinkles like crazy -LRB- normally I do n't care , but this is ridiculous -RRB- and on my husband 's side it pilled so badly I want to take a sweater shaver to it . Do n't waste your money ! Very disappointed !
 I can not reconcile my experience with these sheets with all the positive reviews out there unless there is a great variability in quality between sizes/colors . I bought the queen set in chocolate . When I got them I thought the color looked very nice . I washed them and they fit on the bed fine . Those are the only good things I can say about them . They are very rough and scratchy . My husband calls them the sandpaper sheets . After only two washes -LRB- as per instructions -RRB- , the color was running out in huge patches , and continues to get worse each wash . Fresh out of the dryer they are incredibly wrinkled and seem to pick up ever piece of residual lint . In short , they are uncomfortable and look terrible . I was waiting to see if they would get softer after multiple washes but I think they are a lost cause . I guess sheets are just one of those things you have to buy in a store .
 At first I thought this was a great deal on very nice , high thread count sheet set . However I guess you get what you pay for because after the second wash , the entire sheet set pilled up . I read a few other reviews saying this ... my sheet set was ivory , perhaps the white does n't pill ?? I was very careful to wash according to the instructions on the label ! Now after the 4th wash these sheets feel like sand paper and will have to be replaced soon . My previous sheet set lasted for 6 years without any pilling , this manufacturing is sub-par . Perhaps I got 40 dollars of value from them , but I can NOT recommend these sheets at all , unless it 's for a kid 's halloween costume or to use as a drop-cloth . Terrible product .
 I was disapointed in these sheets and pillow cases . When I first opened them they looked great . After 1 washing the finish was no longer there . I would not buy them again.Renaissance 600 Thread Count 100 % Cotton Sateen Queen Sheet Set , WhiteRenaissance 600 Thread Count 100 % Cotton Sateen Queen Sheet Set , White
 Sorry , but at 600 thread count , I was expecting a soft sheet , something that kinda felt like satin . Boy was I wrong ! They washed up nicely , but the softness I expected was n't there . Felt more like a cheap sheet I 'd buy from a discount store !! I 'd send them back , but it 's more of a hassel then I want to deal with at this time.Sondra
 If you never wash these , they 're fine . If you do have to ever wash them , buy an iron . ARGHHHHH . I wish I had a better product .
 better used as an all-night long exfoliant . i used the pillow case to rub out a scratch on my wooden bookshelves . the color is closer to gold than cafe .
 600 threads of single ply hardness . Hard sheets . Not soft . Bargain grade cheapness . Not luxury . cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap .
 I was expecting some decent quality out of this sheet set
 Sorry but I bought these sheets on Amazon a few months ago and hesitated writing a review initially because I wanted to give them a &#34; break-in &#34; period and be fair.I have had smoother more Sateen feeling sheets from Sam 's club than these . Save your money and buy something else , these are rough , and do n't feel Sateen at all , -LRB- they would make decent curtains though -RRB- .
 Both top & fitted sheets shrunk quite a bit . Fitted sheet will no longer fit properly over the mattress . I quit using this set because it is so aggreviating !
 The sheets are seemingly good quality and feel nice and soft , but the color they say you are purchasing is not accurate.We bought the king size set in the `` cafe '' color , but the sheets we received are literally gold in color.The packaging on them does say `` cafe '' ... So how hard is it to put the color that the consider `` cafe '' on the web page so you can see it properly?Either they post incorrect pictures or the manufacturing process is so poor that they dye them incorrectly.Either way , I 'd probably pass . We 're going to keep them and make them work in a pinch , otherwise we 'd be sending back since they do n't match up with the other bed pieces we purchased ...
 I got these sheets hoping to give me an extra set of super soft sheets . Unfortunately I think it is going to take a hundred washes for the stiffness to wear out . I also can not stand the way they wrinkle in the dryer . They are really heavy too . I probably should have done more research on 600-thread-count but I know now if you prefer lighter softer sheets these are n't the ones for you .
 Returning them . The Cafe colour is a horrible Mustard/Gold . Might be ok if I was looking for a yellow but I was looking for a tan/beige/brown / coffee/anything but mustard.Opened them enough to run a finger over them , felt nice but terrible colour .
 This is my first review on an Amazon purchase . Most of my buys on Amazon I 've really liked , not so with these sheets . I was looking forward to getting a great buy on 600 count sheets , and it is true -- you get what you pay for . These are not only the most wrinkled mess of sheets I 've ever had , but after one single wash -- the pillow cases are tearing @ the seems ! OMG ! And they call these ` Sateen ' -- I had to look @ my order to see if I received the correct sheets!I love the color , the cafe is not a blatant bright gold , but a nice muted soft one . That is the best I can say about these sheets . The quality is simply awful ... I lay in bed and cut off/pull out threads that hang out of every seem . Will NOT purchase again , and highly recommend to others not to buy these !
 I really disliked these sheets for a few reasons . I bought the Queen size , Cafe.My experience :1 -RRB- the color was much more yellow / orange than shown . This was the least bothersome point though .2 -RRB- These are cold wash only . Wish I 'd know that before ordering . For hygiene reasons - sweat , grease , dust mites , dead skin etc etc - I want sheets I can wash in warm / hot water .3 -RRB- They wrinkle TERRIBLY in the tumble dryer , worse than anything I own . Who wants to iron sheets ? Not me , but given they are quite stiff then the creases are uncomfortable . Then the stiffness makes them hard to iron . The top sheet feels quite different to the bottom & is the one that gave me most problems .4 -RRB- The top sheet not only ran dye , after one wash it was massively blotchy , huge white sections a foot wide where the dye ran out . You 'd think someone spilled bleach on it , except I do n't have bleach in our house . However I knew it was dye running out of it as it turned some of my white clothes yellow.I can ignore the color and I can ignore the blotches , who sees them ? But the rest has made me give up . Given the dye running , I do n't even want to cut them up as rags .
 I was disappointed when I got them . They were n't as great as the price cost ! Unworthy that I ever had . They just OK , not soft also got shrink after laundry even I did what the instruction said .
 I bought these sheets from amazon along with a set of 400 thread count from Bed Bath and Beyond for my new bed . They cost about the same amount . I have rotated each set for the last 4 months and am very surprised that the 400 count set feels like new while this 600 thread count set is pilled and rough , they will be going in the rag bag soon and I Will not buy again . Pay the extra money for the 600 thread count from bed bath and beyond .
 I ordered really nice sheets , and thought that the color `` ivory '' would look nice . It certainly looks nice and white on the web page ! When it arrived the contents were marked `` Ivory '' , but the actual color is yellow -LRB- a very uncomplimentary color for sheets -RRB- . When I compare the color of what I got with the web site , there 's a stark contrast . It 's a case of color misrepresentation in the advertising . There 's no obvious way to deal with this without losing shipping costs , etc. . Very disappointing !
 I ordered these needing some ` Cafe ' colored sheets ... When you see Cafe , you think of a light brown . These sheets are GOLD . Definitely returning them . Very disappointed .
 I am so upset . I bought these sheets as a gift for my very pregnant daughter in an effort to make her bed softer and more comfortable . She washed them on gentle before she put them on her bed . When I asked her tonight on Skype `` how are the new sheets , '' she said with hesitation , `` they are a bit scratchy . '' OMG These so-called 600-thread-count sheets should be very smooth . Cheap sheets are scratchy , and these certainly were not cheap . I wish that she would have told me when she opened them that they were not nice sheets so that I could have returned them . All I can say about these sheets is `` do n't order them . '' They are not what they claim to be .
 I purchased these sheets because we like a high thread count , soft sheet and this seemed like a good deal . Instead , we received sheets that are akin to what you would find in a cheap motel room . These sheets are nothing close to other 600 TC sheets I own . They are stiff and irritating , even after 2 washings with fabric softener . They feel nothing like `` Sateen '' as advertised . I have a set of 400 TC sheets that are far superior in softness than these sheets . In short , save your money unless you intend to put these in a cheap motel room .
 These sheets are the worse I have ever bought . They left an enormous amout of lint in the dryer , they came out horribly wrinkled and they did n't fit the king sized bed properly .
 For this price , I expected a pretty high end set of sheets ... one that was fairly soft , and fit well . With these , I got neither . Not only do these feel `` cheap '' and thin , they 're not soft at all , even after three washings . Additionally , although I ordered Queen size sheets and do not have an overly thick mattress , it almost took an act of Congress to get the final corner onto the mattress . I can tell just by this first experience that they are n't sized properly , and that after a few uses , the elastic is going to be complete stretched out . Do yourself a favor and do n't buy these . Go to Target and get their 600-count Egyptian sheets ... which is what I wish I had done to begin with .
 I 've been using 600 + count sheets now for over 7 years and I ordered these considering the many positive reviews . I ordered King and I have to say that they are rough not soft ! They are not comfortable at all . I am going to wash them a few more times and hopefully they get softer the more I wear them in .
 Nowhere near as soft as a true 600 count sheet set should be . Second , the color did not match the photo . Third , it looked to be of poor quality coming out of the dryer for the first time . A waste of money .
 This is a white , queen-sized set . Made in China . Washed as directed before using . Came out extremely wrinkled . Numerous small wrinkles that seem set in . Fabric is stiff and rustles audibly . Top sheet is too narrow . Have washed it several times since with fabric softener . No real help . The set will be put away and saved for emergencies . Very displeased . It seems that products like this are supplied by various factories from various countries with little attempt at consistent quality control . Well , the set was inexpensive , but really not a bargain .
 I ordered this set for my king sized bed and cafe -LRB- which is coffee in French -RRB- turns out to be a gold/yellow color . The the photo on the site it looks more like a taupe but I was wrong . Even my husband asked why I bought `` gold '' sheets to go with our brown/blue comforter set -LRB- which does not go at all -RRB- . I still ended up keeping this set as we only ordered one set of sheets for our new bed so far . The sheets feel soft and I have no complaints there other then the color is totally off . If I order another set it will be the dark brown set .
 Expected to get a coffee colored or latte colored sheet from the description and they are ugly gold . Feel good but color is completely misrepresented .
 I used to work for a store that sold basic to luxury bedding . THIS is a clear example of one can be mislead by all the great reviews . I have a couple sets of Sateen sheets . Specifically polyester sateen sheets . I 'm not exaggerating when I say they are amazingly silky smooth and soft . I 've been having difficulty finding similar sheets as the store from which I originally purchased my sheets no longer sells sateen sheets.So , after a search on amazon , I found these sheets with so many five star reviews , I thought `` well this MUST be a good product '' . I was wrong . Now for more perspective , I 'm not the only one that 's commented on the great quality of my sateen sheets . Everyone that feels my sheets comments about the smoothness and softness . When I opened the package for these `` Elite '' , `` collection '' sheets , I was shocked at how rough and cheap the sheet felt . Let me put it to you this way , I 've been to cheap motels that have better sheets than these . I would feel bad having a guest sleep on these sheets , much less myself . Again , I 'm not exaggerating . These sheets are poor quality . I truly feel like I was ripped off.My sateen sheets were purchased for just under $ 50.00 . This product I 'm reviewing costs twice as much after shipping . I 'm still at a loss as to how so many great reviews have been placed on such a poor quality product . It just goes to show that you ca n't rely on customer reviews . Better to search for professional opinions on a product , THEN search for it on amazon if you wish , or elsewhere .
 The Sheets I recieved were missized . I ordered the King Set . When they arrived i took them out , washed and dried them and proceeded to make up my bed only to discover that the fitted sheet was a Queen !!!!!!!!
 I do n't know what 's happening with Amazon , but of the four items I ordered on March 3 , I have received ONE of them so far ... One book has yet to be sent out , and the two others , including this item , have supposedly been sent out but I have yet to receive them ... And Amazon keeps on telling me to give it a few more days before contacting them again ! So , I guess this one star review is less about the item than it is about the terribly slow service of Amazon ... Stay tuned about the product itself , if and when it 's ever received !
 I ordered these on December 5 and now Xmas has come and gone , and still no sheets . Thanks for nothing , literally . Do n't buy these sheets -- they will put a damper on your Xmas if you do . God , this sucks .
 600 TH bed sheets - I responded TWICE with the vendor when they erroneously put my request as KING instead of QUEEN . I gave the sheets away , and will not do business with them again . They had plenty of time to rectify this situation , since I made sure they knew King was the wrong size before they shipped and still ignored my request .
 When I received the sheets , they were the right color , and they felt really soft , but after washing them -LRB- following the instructions on the tag -RRB- they shrunk and lost almost all of their softness . I am not happy with my purchase . Next time I 'll just stick with a brand I trust .
 I 've only owned these sheets for two weeks and they are already headed toward the trash . We loved them when we first received them , but now they are starting to show wear and form bumps all over . Very disapointing .
 Was excited for this item and have yet to use it but the color and quality look nice . Only problem is this order was for a 4-piece set
 This is the last time I will EVER buy sheets that are not made in the USA . These are from India . After unboxing , leaving the package on the table for 2 days I unzipped the plastic , removed them from the casing -LRB- king size so there was a lot of fabric -RRB- and saw what looked like black grease spots on the top -LRB- dress -RRB- part of the top sheet and on one pillow case -LRB- they are WHITE sheets -RRB- . My husband had already thrown the packaging material away so I tried to use a spot remover product before washing them . The grease -LRB- magic marker ? -RRB- spots did not come out and they are so wrinkled after washing that I will have to iron them . It 's been a while since I have bought sheets and thought these would be nice , 600 ct. , nothing feels quality about them . Heavy , wrinkled . Really my first bad experience with Amazon products but I wo n't forget .
 After 1 month of use these sheets started piling . At 600TC I would have expected these to be much softer . Overall very disappointed . I will not be buying this brand again .
 I bought these Sateen Sheets in hopes that it would be the smooth cool feel of sheets that you would get at a nice hotel . After numerous washes and fabric softener additions I realized that these sheets would never soften up and that I had made a poor purchase . If you want the soft feel of nice sheets I would not recommend these sheets . I bought Pure Beech Sateen Sheets from BBB and they were perfect right out of the box with one wash to make sure they were clean .
 I just ca n't fathom all these positive reviews ... the reviews gave me the confidence to buy the sheets , and after carefully washing in cold water and a cool dry , they came out thick , stiff , and scratchy . They 're just not smooth and soft at ALL -- after washing a couple times . What a disappointment . How in the world is this `` sateen ? ''
 The sheets were soft straight out of the package and I decided to follow the washing instructions . The end result was an extremely rough set of sheets that were horribly stiff . My previous set of sheets was a cheap 200tc set from Walmart -LRB- yeah , Walmart ... -RRB- until I could get decent sheets for my new bed and they were way softer than these sheets . Terrible , terrible sheets . Steer clear of these . I thought with 500 reviews and 4/5 stars they could n't be that bad . I was wrong . I still have the unwashed pillowcases and the difference between the two is like night and day . They also say sateen ... but they sure as heck do n't look/feel like it.I would n't recommend these sheets to anyone .
 Do n't be like me , READ the Reviews on this item ! Sheets are of a lesser quality than i expected ! the fabric pills after just a few washes ! DO NOT BUY THESE SHEETS !
 Do n't believe this 600-thread-B.S. After one wash -LRB- and I do mean O-N-E -RRB- , the glossy finish was gone and I was left with nothing short of card board . It 's extremely dissapointing b/c I opened the package and felt the smooth , cool to the touch , softness of the material and was really excited to put them on . But now they 're so stiff , cheap walmart sheets feel like silk in comparison . Sadly , some of you might still give these sheets the benefit of doubt with all the good reviews it 's got going for it . I just hope you have softer water than me , cause my sheets are unbearable .
 First off I bought these sheets knowing they were cheap for a king sheet set -LRB- I got the chocolate ones for $ 40-ish -RRB- . That said , I would n't even pay $ 20 for these sheets . They are terrible.The word `` sateen '' should n't even be included ! Sateen is supposed to be like faux Satin ... well these are so not like that . They have a slight , if you look away quickly , sheen to them ... but they are in NO WAY sateen . They seem to be of high quality -LRB- thick and strong -RRB- . I contacted Amazon after getting the first set because after washing them , they were hard , stiff , wrinkled and crunchy ! They were awful . I washed them just as directed and they came out terrible.I contacted the customer support department and very promptly had an email informing me they had shipped another set out with one-day delivery . Not exactly what I meant when I emailed them asking what could be done -LRB- because I had washed them already and thrown all packaging away -RRB- . So I returned the first set -LRB- without packaging -RRB- . The 2nd set are of course -LRB- as I expected -RRB- exactly the same.The color is nice.The look is quite nice -LRB- although not sateen , I like the look of them -RRB- . BUT that is it!Not a good buy at all .
 Ridiculously stiff sheets and definitely feels NOTHING like sateen sheets . Even after washing with fabric softener still did not help .
 I recently received these sheets and as soon as I opened the box I could tell that the sheets were n't the color in the description or in the picture on Amazon . I ordered the ivory queen-size sheet set and what I received -LRB- though it says ivory on the package -RRB- is more like beige or tan . My understanding has always been that ivory is off-white but this is at least 2-3 shades darker than that . I 'll be sending these back .
 Not soft at all . Have had cheap sheets that are softer than these . The 500 thread count I got from Macy 's were a much better product .
 These sheets are awful . They are very scratchy and not comfortable at all . Disappointing since I 've bought Renaissance sheets in the past and been happy with them . I will not be buying these again .
 The sheets were very stiff . Even after washing , they came out stiff and very very wrinkly . I would not recommend them to anyone .
 These sheets do not feel like they 're anything close to 600 thread count . I returned them immediately and that process went very smooth .
 I love the look and feel of these sheets , they are of great quality . They are not , however , large enough to fit on a queen size mattress . I would have returned them , but I am a single guy , and I thought maybe after a wash or two they would stop bending my mattress so I threw the packaging away . It 's probably my fault for not returning them immediately , but I would buy them again if they actually fit because I love the way they feel . If you buy them hang on to the packaging and do not hesitate to send them back if they do n't fit immediately !
 The title says it all in a concise manner . Sateen sheets are intended to be soft to the touch and are very dissimilar to the sateen sheets my friend purchased in a bedding store . After feeling the coarse rough-feeling nature I quickly noticed a large 3cm x 3cm -LRB- large -RRB- hole in the middle of the main bedding sheet through it 's folded portion - meaning numerous large holes in different areas.Although there are many products I purchase on Amazon that are worth their price , these are no more impressive than most of the 400-thread cotton sheets I considered purchasing in the store . Perhaps , these sheets are vastly more comfortable to the touch after washing , but they certainly are not a bargain for the quality upon initial opinion.I hope your purchase experience was/is better .
 Hello there , Im writing a review about 4 months after purchasing this product . First off when I got these sheets they were great ... had that nice thick 600 thread feeling . These sheets were purchased so I could trade out my other ones for these ones in case I did n't have time to get washed and put on immediately.After about 8-10x washing I noticed a piling up of the fabric ! This was very frustrating cause I know that 600 Thread count sheets should n't do that ! I can not stand feeling that piling of the fabric while sleeping.So please take as a helpful hint because I wish I had listened to other peoples similar reviews . I just passed by thinking what a great Deal being only $ 50 -LRB- which I noticed now they are $ 60 ! -RRB- and reading other peoples great reviews . -LRB- which I think they did the review right when they got the sheets and not after some washing -RRB-
 I was really hoping for some soft sheets . These are n't very soft . I washed them 10 times trying to get them soft enough to sleep on . They are a tad better , but not near as soft as I would like . Hopefully they will get softer with time , because I already threw away the packaging or I would have returned them .
 NOTHING soft about these sheets . If you have any sort of pillow top or memory foam topper , order a size larger . These did not fit our bed so I thought since I did n't have a bedskirt that I would at least use these to cover our boxsprings which are smaller as it does n't have the pillow top or memory foam on it . After one washing in cold water and lowest dryer setting , these did n't even cover the boxsprings . I used the pillow case and flat sheet one night and the non-fitting fitted sheet because that was all I had . That was the worst night 's sleep ever ... the sheets are loud when turning over like using newspapers as a sheet ... . In the middle of the night I finally stripped the bed and slept on my mattress cover and used regular blankets . -LRB- My fault I had thrown away the packaging never imagining how uncomfortalbe these are . -RRB- I should have kept all the packaging and returned them . I am still on the hunt for some durable and SOFT , quiet sheets . It may be best to buy sheets in a store . I was going off of the mostly good reviews on these sheets .
 First of all I was surprised at the bright gold color which looks nothing like the cafe I ordered . I liked the feel of the sheets at first but I could n't believe how it pilled up after the first washing , and more so with each washing . I do n't even use a dryer - I line dry them . Really disappointed and looking for sheets that stay soft .
 After reading many reviews I ordered these . Boy was that a big mistake and a waste of money . I keep hoping given the high thread count that washing will help . No such luck - they come out of the dryer a scratchy , wrinkly mess - and I 'm talking hard crease wrinkles . In a desperate attempt to salvage these i resorted to ironing hoping the threads would lie down - my heavy duty steam iron could barely get the wrinkles out of the pillowcases . Now i 'm stuck with them ... i 'm going to continue to keep washing with fabric softener hoping for a miracle but my guts telling me these high priced sheets will wind up in the Goodwill bag . Unless u like scratchy burlap , do n't buy these sheets . They do NOT live up to the advertising . Whether it matter or not I ordered the brown king size set . A friend has recommended bamboo sheets - i 'm going to try that next . OBVIOUSLY high thread count does NOT guarantee softness or quality .
 These sheets are great if you like thick , heavy , cotton sheets . However , if you are looking for soft , sateen sheets as they are described , you will be severely disappointed .
 Has to wash them twice before use and they turned into a cheap wrinkly cotton mess . Absolutely worse `` sateen '' sheets ever !
 I ordered the Renaissance 600 thread count queen sheet set for $ 59.99 ; what a RIP-OFF ! The sheets are definitely NOT luxury as described . They are NOT `` heavy , thick '' 600 thread sheets , they are NOT normal queen size -LRB- only double bed size -RRB- , and the pillow cases are TOO SMALL for regular pillows ! I am extremely disappointed as I have bought heavier , more luxurious Egyptian sheets from both Costco and Sam 's for about half the price . DO NOT waste your money on these .
 If your looking for Sateen or Soft then these sheets are n't for you ! . . The sheets felt good in package but once you wash they do not feel like Sateen or a high thread count ! Remember you ca n't return once washed ! I ordered based on high feedback from others-so disappointed !!
 As my title states , these sheets pilled instantly and were irritating to both myself and my husband 's skin -LRB- cold wash , our usual Planet laundry detergent -RRB- . I 'm hesitant to even cycle these into guest sheets ! Definitely expected more from a 600 thread count set .
 I saw the multitude of positive reviews and popularity of these sheets and thought I was safe to purchase them online . A month into using my king sheet set and I already know that I was wrong . The main flaw with this product that I have found is that the fitted sheet has already started to pill up , creating an unpleasant texture to snuggle into at the end of the day . The pillow cases and top sheet are holding up fine thus far -- but one would expect any product to hold up after a month of normal use . I am hoping to return these sheets and may just go down to a local Goodwill and see if there are any sheets there that I can give a good washing to and use . At least then I 'll know that they have been used without balling up . Quite disappointing . I 'd highly recommend looking for a different product .
 I had high hopes for these sheets as they were 600 thread count for a good price - I guess you get what you pay for ! I owned them for only a week and very quickly returned them to Amazon - after they were washed I could not get the wrinkles out - I followed the recommendations and even ironed them - all to no avail . I would highly suggest that you do not waste your time or money buying them unless you like the wrinkled , dishevelled look . I would give these sheets no stars if I could !
 I was thoroughly disappointed in both the sheets and Amazon . Firstly , these sheets are NOT 100 % cotton ; they are in fact 55 % cotton and 45 % polyester . Secondly , Amazon clearly has not done sufficient quality control to catch the misrepresentation . I might have gotten past the fact that they are n't 100 % cotton because they felt so nice coming out of the packaging , but once washed , they had lost a lot of their softness and no longer seemed appealing at all . Do n't waste your money ; you will be disappointed !
 I ordered these sheets last April , and received a very nice , soft set of sheets , that were thicker than expected . I ordered a set this month -LRB- different size and color -RRB- and received a not-so-soft , thinner sheet set . I am not really happy with this second set . If I had handled them in a store , I would not have purchased them . Poor quality control ? Or just a different manufacturer for different sizes ? Good luck ! The only positive is that this is the best fitting set I 've found for a thick king-sized bed ... and yeah , they 're stitched together properly .
 I was extremely disappointed in these sheets . They were so stiff and noisy -LRB- yes , I said noisy -RRB- that I removed them from the bed after one night and washed them . There was some improvement after washing but not much . The fabric is thick and heavy and coarse-feeling - not soft and smooth as I expected 600 thread count to be . I purchased sheets with 440 thread count that are far supperior to these !!!
 We recently bought the 600 thread count sheets . I was n't crazy about the color , but figured they would at least feel good . They were great until we washed them . Then they pilled up . I was suprised at how worn they look after just one washing . I 'm glad that we only bought one set of sheets .
 I have a 12 '' mattress and a 4 '' memory foam topper , so I wanted sheets with 16 '' pocket . These are NOT it , about 3-4 '' of my mattress shows below the fitted sheet . Also they looked tan here on Amazon but were more of a gold once I got them .
 Quite simply , sheets began significant pilling after only one wash . Thank goodness Amazon accepts returns . Not sure if we just got a defective set or what , but they were awful .
 I usually have great success with the products I purchase through Amazon . This product was an extreme disappointment . I washed these sheets exactly as recommended and I could barely stretch the fitted sheet across my mattress . If they shrink anymore in future washings , they will not fit at all . Unfortunately , I washed both sets that I purchased before I tried one set on the bed . I will now have to purchase sheets again very soon .
 I should have listened to what I read in previous veviews . I 've washed these sheets 3 times in 2 days TRYING to get these soft and not noisy & stiff . Practically dumped fabric softener in the washer and added 2-3 fabric softener sheets in the dryer all 3 times . What the heck are they made of ? I really expected softer sheets for 600 TC . Sure , they fit good , but are wrinkly and stiff to say the least . Wish I had better news .
 This sheets are just ok , they match the comforter set I purchased . They do not wash up well , they are very wrinkled even when removing from dryer immediately .
 I doubled checked the product info . and low and behold it 's not what it states.The fitted sheet can not fit a 10 '' deep mattress . It said the pockets are 16 '' deep , and it does n't fit very well . We also found that the flat sheet has a flaw in the stitching but it was discovered too late . If you buy this product open the package and check it before use .
 These arrived at our house on the 12th of Oct. and have only lasted for a month , they were very smooth and soft to begin with but now they are very rough .
 The sheets feel nice and are functional . Yay ... But they are more golden than mocha . Either they switched it on us and did n't tell us or the company has a very bad photographer working for them . Either way it just is n't worth the effort of shipping them back and going through that hassle , so whatever . Buying things online is always a risk .
 We have a smaller mattress from Ikea that sits on the slats so these sheets ended up being so big I have a hard time putting them on the bed right without a few adjustments . Also they do not `` un wrinkle '' in the dryer at all . I am not one who irons my sheets if people even do that anymore . So they come out of the dryer a wrinkley mess .
 This fabric is soft and comfy , but the corner stitching on the fitted sheet -LRB- one corner , about 8 inches long -RRB- fell apart the first time I washed it . Also , the `` cafe '' color is much more of a dark mustard .
 HORRBILE QUALITY ! PILLING !! THESE SHEETS ARE ATROCIOUS ! IT MAKES ME SAD THAT THEY ARE EVEN SOLD . NOT GOOD QUALITY AT ALL !
 I was so excited when I finally decided to buy these sheets after they had say on my wish list for months and months . I could n't wait for them to arrive . I tore open the box and immediately tossed them in the wash so I could use them that night . To my dismay , I crawled into bed that night and ended up tossing and turning all night long -LRB- odd for me on my Tempurpedic -RRB- all because of these stupid sheets . They 're hot , scratchy , and feel like crappy flannel mixed with sandpaper . It was actually kind of gross . These will be getting sent back ASAP . Ick .
 These sheets are not soft . They are grainy feeling . I have washed them with lots of softener and that did not help . They are also thin . It is my fault for not paying attention . These are NOT Egyptian cotton .
 I think I will stick with buying sheets at Marshall 's or other outlet type stores . The color is way too gold for my taste and my decor , and they are not at all soft . Making a live purchase allows you to feel -- although pre-washed linens can be deceiving , and check the real color . I am happy that they are oversize , I have a big mattress , but that is really the only thing I like about these sheets . In fact I am not even happy that they are heavy duty , I would love for them to wear out sooner so I can justify purchasing a new set .
 These sheets are of good quality material , but after opening them we noticed a one inch diameter stain -LRB- possibly a blood stain -RRB- on the fitted sheet . We needed this sheet immediately , so we laundered it with various stain-removers . The stain remains . The question is ... how could a &#34; new &#34; sheet have a stain on it . I would not buy from this vendor again .
 These sheets look nice and were quite soft after the second wash , but after the third wash and approximately a month of use , they began to pill all over . They now look and feel cheap . I 'm very disappointed because I have purchased similarly priced 600 thread-count sheets on Amazon before that lasted for many years before wearing out . I feel ripped off .
 did not come in original package , but seemed to be opened and not by us . The sheets still do not fit the bed .
 Bottom -LRB- fitted -RRB- sheet is very difficult to put on . Sheet is barely large enough to fit on mattress , and elastic far too tight to stretch over four corners . I have been using them for several months , thinking the elastic would stretch - it has NOT.Unfortunately I purchased two sets and both have the same issue .
 They pilled up and were rough after only the second washing . Definitely not satisfied with the quality .
 I was so excited to purchase the 600 TC Sateen sheets ! I could n't wait for them to arrive , wash them , and put them on my bed . Much to my disappointment , however , these sheets are anything from soft and comfortable . It was like sleeping on the cheapest hotel sheets you can imagine . I 've washed them at least a dozen times , using excessive amounts of fabric softener and dryer sheets to try and make them softer . I have not yet succeeded in that . The deal I got would have been impressive if only the sheets were worth what I paid . I would n't recommend these to anyone . Sorry .
 Despite this being a 600 thread count set , it only took three washes to start pilling . This should not happen with a set like this .
 The bottom sheet fits like a king size sheet at the foot of the mattress and is smaller at the top of the mattress . None of the corners line up nicely on my new pillow-top queen size mattress . Also , the elastic is very poor quality.The top sheet fits like a full-size sheet and barely covers a queen mattress . These sheets are poorly assembled . Very disappointed .
 I 'm SO disappointed that the bottom sheet did n't fit when I got these sheets . I 've put off buying nice sheets because of the cost , but I finally took the plunge . When I put the bottom sheet on my 14 '' mattress -LRB- supposed to have 16 '' pockets and fit up to 18 '' -RRB- , I could n't get it over the one of the corners . I tugged and tugged and barely got it over the top of the pillow top but I know it will pop off when I lay on it . I love the feel and weight of the sheets , but I 'm so disappointed the bottom sheet does n't fit . I would return them , but it 's such a hassle because I do n't have the original box and do n't have time to box it up to send back . I may change my mind if I get too aggravated with it popping off . The top sheet and pillow cases are just fine . Why do n't they have better quality control ????
 I read several reviews . Stick to buying items like this in the store , it will be alot less hassle for returns , I washed them and dryed them on low , them were so wrinkled but the best part is they do not even fit the queen bed . I bought the ones with deep pockets . Also , they came out of the dryer very rough to the touch .
 I just went back and searched my purchase from 2009 so I could by the same set as before . Mine finally had a worn spot that split.I love these sheets they are thick and cool , do n't cling . The fitted sheet stays put and that 's saying a lot because I do n't like to stay still when I sleep.I have only one other set that I hate so these are a wash weekly and put back on set and have really held up amazingly . After I receive my new set I will update and determine if the quality is the same etc. but as of now 5 stars.Unfortunately the new set were a disappointment , much thinner that before and started pilling after the first couple of washes . first time I have returned an item like this .
 These sheets DO NOT feel like 600 thread count ! My old sheets are 400 and they feel much softer . I would not reccommend this product if you want soft sheets . They also barely fit on my bed .
 The sheets themselves are ok , -LRB- not that soft for 600 , but not falling apart -RRB- . The color however was not at all what I was expecting . I ordered the `` cafe '' color expecting brown , however the color of the sheets that came in packaging marked as `` cafe '' was an awful deep goldish-tan , not at all brown . Very colorful , but not in a good way -LRB- at least not when you are expecting something brown -RRB- and not in the way the sheets were advertised at all . I do n't know if they screwed up and gave me the `` honey '' color , but the color was very dark - so when looking at the picture look at the top pillowcases - not the sheets below that seem to be more pale in the picture .
 Although I rather liked the stiff quality of the sheets - reminded me of sheets that have been hung to dry outside - my fitted sheet ripped at two of the corner seams within about three washings . No , I do n't have all that deep a mattress and no , I did n't pull all that hard on the corners . They just are n't very durable . I have another pair from Costco - same thread count - and they 're much better made .
 Very poor quality - nothing like sateen at all . Very hard , impossible to iron , wrinkled all the time , nothing like the color that u expect / want , harsh on the skin . I don t recommend this product . At all .
 I like the fabric of the sheets , but I ordered the color `` Cafe '' and it looks like it should be called `` Harvest Gold '' It does n't match the comforter I bought like I had hoped . -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0030HEFXI/ref=oss_product -RRB- Many other people bought these sheets with the comforter I had also purchased , in fact that is why I decided on these sheets , I am a guy and I 'm just not very good at color coordinating . Also , the pillow cases are too short ! I ordered a California King sheet set , and my king sized pillows hang out of the cases about 2 or 3 inches , it looks tacky!I 'm not happy with these , I 'm not going to return them because it 's too much of a hassle for me , but I would not recommend it to friends , and would not purchase again : -LRB-
 Read the reviews . Was hoping for a set of affordable , quality bed sheets like the set I got from Sears years ago that were recommended and I still have and use . But , no . Just average feel while being a little heavy .
 Looks great ... until the first wash . fitted sheet shrunk from a queen to a full size mattress !! Also , lost all its shine . Looks like a very cheap pair of sheets now . Washed in cold water and dried at low heat . are those disposable sheets ?
 Terrible quality . Too washings -LRB- in cold and dried on low heat -RRB- and the sheets have shrunk so much they do n't fit the bed !
 I know you should never depend on the colors shown on the computer , but when I ordered STONE sheets , what arrived was very cafe au lait . I was hoping for taupe with a lot of gray as the picture showed.Then I washed them , before I used them for the first time , and the seams fell apart.I ordered HONEY sheets and they turned out to be mustard colored.If I could give less than one star , I would .
 Still after several washes and softner they are rough . I ended up buying 600 count from Costco and they are wonderful . I was very disspointed . No way thse are 600 thread count .
 I previously wrote a good review for these sheets . However , after two weeks of use , I discovered a small hole in the fitted sheet - about 1/8 inch in diameter.I used an iron-on patch to fix it . Not worth the trouble of returning the sheets.First time I have ever encountered a hole in new sheets . Other than that , I like the sheets , but now would not buy them again .
 I bought a set of these sheets in Ivory and fell absolutely in love with them . They were beautiful , soft and snuggly . I liked them so much I bought a second set in Chocolate brown and they are TERRIBLE !!! They are rough and scratchy . I washed them twice , used fabric softener and still they were awful . I have gotten lots of stuff off Amazon and NEVER had a problem like this and never felt compelled to write a review , especially a negative one . Please buy these sheets with caution .
 I had ordered 2 sets of these sheets and as usual the shipping was excellant . But the sheets themselves were very diappointing . They were fine until they were washed . They no longer fit the air mattress at all . And I feel they were a total waste of money . I recommand that you save your money and purchase something else .
 These sheets were soft out of the package and seemed nice . I washed them according to wash instructions and after 1 week on the bed they are already starting to pill . Very disappointing , I 've had cheapy 250TC sheets that have held up better . I guess you get what you pay for .
 Terrible . Really unsatisfactory . Uncomfortable , even after a washing . Coarse . If I can find a way to return them , I will in a second . I ca n't wait to put the old sheetbs back on the bed .
 I received these sheets several days ago . I wish I had read the reviews before I purchased them . I washed the sheets 3 times in Woolite and they were still very rough . Not the way 600 thread count sheets should feel . They are also very thick . Fortunately , Amazon allowed me to return them . That is why I love Amazon .
 I ordered two sets and returned the unopened one after washing and using the first set several times with no sign of them getting much softer . Roughest cotton sheets I have ever had . Pretty odd since they are 600 . Definitely do n't feel like it .
 These sheets were great at first but they quickly started pilling after just a few washes . We have had the sheets for about six weeks and they are very uncomfortable .
 I received my Renaissance Collection 600-Thread-Count Cotton Sateen Queen Sheet Set , Cafe , but there was a big problem . One side of the flat sheet was frayed , and one corner of the fitted sheet was torn !
 I purchased 2 sets of these sheets in different colors . The fitted sheets are too SMALL to fit over my mattress ! I washed them before trying them on my queen size bed . Maybe I should have tried them on the mattress first . This has never happened to me before so I did n't think anything of it . Also , they look like the most wrinkled mess you will ever pull out of your dryer ! I am so mad that I am stuck with two sets of these . On the bright side I guess I can use the 2 non-fitted sheets to make my bed . One will have to `` act '' as a fitted sheet on the bottom . They are a bit rough feeling ... not what I would expect for the thread-count , but I have n't slept on them yet . What a waste of money ! I gave this product 1 star because the colors are pretty . That 's it ... otherwise they suck .
 The sheets wrinkle terrible . What else can I say ?? It 's has if I rolled them up in a ball ...
 I got the queen size set in ivory . They seemed well made out-of-the-box and of good texture , not rough as others have complained about for the king-size sheets . The pillow cases have nice stitching and generous hems . Both sheets were initially ample in size . The fitted sheet is notably generous and easily handles the 7-8 '' thickness of my mattress ; I project it could handle the much larger mattress thicknesses as advertised . BUT the nice silky smooth finish was destroyed after I washed them in hot water . Both sheets and pillow cases came out badly wrinkled , faded , and the sheen and silky smoothness were gone . The flat sheet shrunk significantly -LRB- approximately 5 inches off the 90 '' width -RRB- , so its hard to keep it in place over-night . I 've never had this problem with any of the other sheets I 've bought in the past ; they are/were probably polyester/cotton blends . So if you buy these sheets DO NOT WASH THEM IN HOT WATER ; THEY WILL BE SEVERLY DAMAGED . My recommendation is to avoid these sheets and buy some nice permanent press sheets with a ~ 40/60 % polyester/cotton content .
 These sheets looked so nice in the packaging . I always wash sheets , etc. before using them so I washed them as I do my other sheets and they came out of the dryer so wrinkled that there is no way I would recommend them . I am now in the process of seeing if I can return them even though I have washed them.Renaissance 600-Thread-Count Cotton Sateen Queen Sheet Set , Ivory
 These sheets are advertised as `` Sateen '' and they are anything but . Even after gentle washing , cool drying and fabric softener , they remain rough to the touch . Plus , they wrinkle terribly ! A `` dog '' of a prioduct .
 Not happy with purchase . This sheetset does not feel like it is 600 thread count . Am disappointed with purchase . Will stick to CostCo next time .
 The sheets slept very hot , so I did n't use them for more than a couple of days . When I went to wash them , one of the pillow-cases ripped .
 I purchased this item twice . The first time I had to return it because the top sheet was way too short for our bed . They replaced it , but after several washings , the top sheet barely fits our bed .
 I bought these sheets a few months ago and they have already started to pill . They are now very uncomfortable . I was not very satisfied when I first received them because they felt thin and more like a tee shirt than cotton sheets , but now I am very unsatisfied because they have not held up at all .
 These sheets are nothing special . I have bought the same thing at a local odd-lot store . The color is completely misrepresented in the Amazon color swatch . I thought the TEAL was so pretty that I could n't wait to get them . I had to wait three weeks and when they arrived the color was a faded GREY-GREEN -LRB- Sage Green -RRB- and not TEAL at all . Too heavy to send back . The sheets are thin and soft , 600 thread count is meaningless . They must just make the threads smaller to fit 600 in a square inch . Save your money and buy from a real store where you can see and feel them before you buy .
 These are the most versitile sheets on the market . They are bulletproof , rough and can be used for collecting leaves in the yard , painting drop cloth , and other heavy industrial uses . I can imagine wet they could cut through steel too . Also sandpaper , 100 grit or emery paper to sand down pipes or deburr copper pipesYou can sleep on them too , and if someone tries to shoot you while you sleep these sheets will probably stop a .45 round at close range . Soft ? Hell no , we do n't need soft . These sheets are so hard they probably will be used to line hulls of the new battleships.Get the picture ?
 These may be 600TC , but they are very thin . Thinner and not as soft as my 310 TC Northern Nights set . The top sheet is also small . It comes untucked and my husband and I are constantly playing tug of war . Not fun . I 'll pay a little more and get Northern Nights via QVC from now on !
 These sheets , are not 100 % cotton as described ! The top sheet in my Queen size in Ivory clearly states on the tag that it is a cotton polyester blend ! If your looking for all-cotton sheets do n't buy these . They are nice for a blend , but I would have never bought them if not for the misleading product description . Due to the misleading description I 'm giving these sheets a zero rating , although you ca n't rank them less than one star . If I 'd wanted a poly blend I 'd have rated them much higher .
 I purchased these sheets and they looked very nice out of package until I looked on the tags sewn inside to wash . The only sheet that is 100 % cotton is the bottom sheet . The top sheet and 2 pillowcases are 60 % cotton and 45 % polyester . Has anyone else looked at the tags sewn inside to see if this is the same in your set ? I do not know if I got a mismatched set but the RN number on the bottom of each tag states it is made in India and the RN number is the same on each tag - just the tags state cotton blend on everything except the fitted sheet . Please let me know if you have come across this . I do not know if I should exchange or find another set .
 I purchased two sets of these sheets in chocolate brown six months ago . When I received these sheets I was pleased that they were large enough to fit my bed easily . I change my sheets weekly so with two sets they have been washed twice a month for 6 months and with each washing they have shrunk and putting them on the bed has become more and more difficult until yesterday when I could n't stretch the bottom sheet far enough to get it on the bed at all and the top sheet barely covers the top of the bed . The sheets are now in the trash .
 Not happy with these sheets . I have to iron them and they do not feel like they are 600 count . Will not purchase this brand again .
 The 600 count sheets are nice at first . I have had mine for a little over 2 months . After washing a few times thefabric has balled up like a fleece item after much use . After reading the 30 day return policy from Amazon Iwas most disappointed . Most items stay neat and undamaged the first few months of using . I wish I had bought sheetslocally so I could return or exchange them for a higher quality .
 Regardless of other issues , these sheets are n't the smooth out of the box -LRB- nor after a good washing or two -RRB- that one finds in 400 threadcount Egyptian Cotton sheets . I 'll be returning these and buying 400 TC Egyptian cotton .
 Sheets are stiff upon arrival and do not * approach * comfort until the 3rd or 4th wash . I am not sure their idea of `` sateen '' is the same as the rest of the industry . Apparently they have `` sateen '' confused with `` sail canvas '' . A few months later I bought these http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001ICYV04/ref=ox_ya_oh_productfor -LSB- ... -RSB- more and they are SO much nicer . I wish I 'd just bought them in the first place .
 The material in these sheets is harsh-feeling , and keeps in a great deal of heat . We were waking up and throwing off the sheets in the middle of the night , even with a ceiling fan going in an air conditioned room . We expected 600 count sheet to be soft and supple , but these felt very rough and scratchy . Also , the color , Cafe , is really a gold , and was not what was expected .
 I thought these were going to be A LOT softer - I have some 600 thread sheets now -LRB- much softer -RRB- however they were twice the cost . They are very thick and I like the chocolate brown color ...
 I do n't like this clothes pin bag . It has a bad design . It falls off the clothes line all the time.I had to put a new hook on it . Find another one !
 THIS IS A CHEAP MADE BAG . SHOULD ONLY COST $ 1 . O0 FOR THE CHEAP FABRIC AND HOW IT IS MADE .
 Had to return the rack . A cross piece was improperly placed preventing the unit from opening completely -- The product had potential
 I have had my Polder for 1 year and used it 5 times . Today , I 'm using it and the digital display is faulting . What should read 177 is reading 77 . Throw it away because I wasted my money .
 The idea is good - nice to have an alarm and a thin remote wire that allows the oven door to be kept shut.HOWEVER , After using this product half a dozen times over the course of a year or so , the LCD screen failed . For a while I could sort of guess at the temp based on the remaining segments of the numbers , but finally tossed it in the garbage yesterday . This is not acceptable . There are plenty of other options . No more Polder products for me .
 I bought the Pyrex version of the same thing for 17 dollars . It has all the features of this one at a MUCH lower price . Also , this product apparently has some dependability issues that make it a bad buy .
 I used this Thermometer properly just as the directions state . The 3rd time I used it the LCD display started malfunctioning , showing only parts of the readout , like a line or two here and there . Basically it is unreadable , and if you ca n't read it , you have no clue what it 's set to , thus making the thermometer useless!DO NOT waste your money .
 I have had one of these thermometers for about a year . I use it about once per week . When it worked , it worked well , but now it just registers everything as `` HI '' . Going to try a different brand .
 These probe thermometers are a great idea and we all want them to work but the fact is they really dont . I have a four year old Polder that has failed after about eight uses -LRB- Thanksgiving turkey and Christmas Eve prime rib -RRB- . The problem seems to be with the probe jack on the body rather than the probe . Because of the poor reliability ratings I have babied it all its life by storing it in a remote cupboard in a Crown Royal bag . The low liftime is really unaceptable and we should protest by not buying them . I suggest everyone go back to a good instant read thermometer and send the manufacturers a message that the quality must improve .
 Bought this without having done my research figuring that they were a respectable company . BAH - it pooped out after around four months Will not buy a product from this company again .
 I wanted a good meat thermometer for cooking and grilling . This is not the product for that purpose . It seems that it does n't work for grilling because the thermocouple is poorly made and is destroyed from the heat . I used it once in a gas grill and now it is basically junk . A new thermocouple is expensive when shipping is included . This information is not available when purchasing , but it is in the directions after you receive it .
 I have not 1 but 2 Polder thermometers with bad probes . -LRB- I know that they 're bad because I tested them in a pot of boiling water -RRB- . One reads `` 192 degrees '' and the other reads `` 232 degrees '' . No way to fix or recalibrate so both thermometers are worthless . BAHHHHH!Polder Original Cooking Timer and Thermometer
 The unit worked well until the display starting to malfunction . The LED display does n't display properly . There are lines missing , so you ca n't see the whole word or temperature numbers . I am now in the process of looking for a better unit with a display that actually works .
 This is a great idea , but it broke on Thanksgiving -LRB- first use -RRB- . It ca n't be used over 390 degrees , and I guess the metal in the oven got too hot . I had to go back to my instant read thermometer . DISAPPOINTING !
 After reading the other reviews , I have now realized that I too , have a faulty gadget . This past Thanksgiving I used it in my turkey . I could n't understand why it was giving me a reading way out of wack for the time the turkey had been in the oven . At the time , I decided to just cook based on the recommended time table that came w / the turkey because there was no way the meat was done , as the thermometer was indicating.Initially , it did work great . . I used to love it , but wo n't trust it again .
 I bought 2 thermometers within the last 2 years.The LCD screen on the first one failed after about a year.I took the second one out from its package and put freshbatteries in it and it failed immediatelyeven though it was NEW taken from its original box!So now I have 2 thermometers thatI ca n't use because of broken LCD screens.I am never buying anything from POLDER ever again .
 This unit was a great addition until the probe went bad after only a few months . Not recommended .
 Had my polder thermometer lasted longer than 6 months , I would have given it a 4 or 5 star rating.Having a probe with a cord is a great idea . It is very convenient for monitoring temperatures in ovens or smokers if you do n't want to raise the lid . Combined with the temperature alert feature -LRB- you can set a temperature to set of the alarm -RRB- , the polder is very handy . Unfortunately , having gone through two probes , it appears that they are too delicate for this kind of use . It is very easy to damage the cord and then you will get wildly off readings.My other criticism of the polder is the time that it takes to react to temperature changes and the length of time it takes to get an accurate reading . My Taylor instant read obtains a reading in a few seconds . The polder often takes much longer -LRB- 15-20 seconds -RRB- , which can be an issue when checking steaks on a very hot grill.In summary , do n't buy this device unless you want to buying replacement probes frequently .
 I bought this product around christmas last year . I am a professional chef . This product worked perfectly up until today . It has stopped reading temp . and just displays the words high temp . . I am trying to find out wear the company is but am having no luck . If it were still working I would rate this 5 stars . But what should I expect for 30 bucks , a lifetime ? Thanks for listening , David McCreavy
 I 've owned 3 of these and they are wonderful when they work . However , they do n't work for long , averaging about 6 months for me which gets kind of expensive.I 'm currently looking for a more reliable version of the same thing , these are just too disappointing .
 This thermometer worked very well , but suddenly started registering a minimum of 117 degrees at all times and could not be fixed . Considering that it was safely stored in its place when it happened is disturbing.I used this thermometer only about 10 times . For the price , I would have expected it to last longer.The idea is sound , it was extremely useful , but , not worth it for such a short life span . I never even used up the first battery.Back to Taylor thermometers for me .
 I bought this to use with my grill . After using it 5 or 6 times it stopped working .
 I just recived this for X Mass , it is listed as a accessorie in the Weber grill catalog . Most of the reviews sayit was used for a couple of months befor it stoped working , this one never worked , just reads Hi Temp when the probe is pluged in and sounds the alarm.Called Weber an said I will be shiped a new one , I would like a good one.Don ' t waist your time or money.Thank YouD.M.G .
 this thermometer works great for a few months then suddenly conks out on you , for no reason . mine worked perfectly -LRB- and accurately -RRB- and then after being in storage for a few months , the LCD display suddenly wo n't work right . i used fresh batteries so i know that 's not the problem . too bad , because it 's relatively quick measurments made it double quite nicely as an instant-read thermometer . ugh ! now i got ta find a new thermometer !
 I have very little to add that has n't already been struck upon
 This is a great product . My first one lasted almost 2 years . I dropped it and it broke the leads to the LCD display . Although it still worked , the temperatures were not fully displayed . So I bought another one . I used it on my grill for steaks . It worked great , then thanksgiving time came and I got the typical `` hi '' reading when the probe was plugged in and the `` lo '' reading when it was removed . Needless to say I went back to my old fashoned meat thermometer . Does anyone know if this is a probe issue ? In any case , after reading the reviews , I see that this is typical . I would give this product five stars but Polder sould give a much bigger warning about grill compatability and work on reliability . As an engineer , I know the reliability issues can be fixed . If anyone knows if the hi/low issue is just the probe , let me know so I can buy a new probe.Eric
 This is a great idea , but it broke on Thanksgiving -LRB- first use -RRB- . It ca n't be used over 390 degrees , and I guess the metal in the oven got too hot . I had to go back to my instant read thermometer . DISAPPOINTING !
 Probe stopped working during the fourth use . I was checking for a replacement probe when I read about others having the same problem . Well , now I 'll just throw it away and get a traditional leave-in type . Sure , I may add a few minutes to my cooking time , but I think its better than using an inaccurate and problematic device . I could replace the probe , but how many of you have seen replacement blades for a Wusthof ? Exactly .
 I saw this thermometer being used on Food Network and I thought it would be really great . First , the pre-programmed temperatures in the thermometer are way too high - probably government recommended temps ... Anyway , the first time I used the thermometer was on a prime rib - the calibration was definitely off by alot - I set it at 110 degrees to be on the safe side and the entire prime rib was medium well done when the thermometer beeped . Then , the second time I went to use this thermometer , the entire LCD Screen was messed up and unable to be read . Pretty Much a waste of money for this item . I still want a digital thermometer but from reviews I have been reading , its hard to find a good reliable thermometer .
 I had this item for about two weeks and loved it . Until , the cord failed and the unit went crazy and gave all wild readings . After reading some reviews here I figured I would contact Polder to see if I could get a replacement cord.I NEVER heard from them.Cheap cheap cheap . Not bad customer service ... . NO customer service . They did n't even bother to tell me to go away . I will never buy Polder again .
 I have ruined too many dishes to use this thermometer any longer . I loved it the first time I used it but on the third use it way overcooked my expensive cut of meat and dinner was destroyed . So I found that the probe had failed even after repeated attempts to contact polder to question its warranty had failed I just ordered 2 new probes from their website . One was defective when it arrived and the other only lasted for one use , save your money and either buy a cheap one at target or a quality instant read .
 I bought this to replace a nice Williams-Sonoma model which simplified things with buttons to select meats and cooking doneness levels ... only because I lost the proble travelling from relatives ' houses . This Polder had the extra benefit -LRB- I thought -RRB- of reading the oven temperature as well as the food temps . I used it Thanksgiving -- no time like an important holiday , right ? -- and discovered the warts on the thermometer : If you set the oven temperature , its alarm will go off every 3-4 minutes because your oven naturally cycles between high and low while heating your food . You can only turn the alarm off for two minutes , then it 's going to sound again . Once you set an oven temperature , you can not disable the alarm . The only workaround I found was to set it 50 too high so I could monitor the oven temperature without running back every few minutes to quiet it.Setting the food temperature is up to you -LRB- no presets for beef , pork , etc. or levels of doneness -RRB- and if you make a mistake you must , like cheap digital watches , go all the way up to 600 and back around from zero again to fix it . There 's no CLEAR button to help start over -LRB- for either oven or food -RRB- . Plus , turning the device off and on again does not erase the settings!There were occasional temperature fluctuations of over 25 during cooking -LRB- from 350 dropping to 325 -RRB- which I had a hard time understanding . Maybe it was the oven , but that was hard to believe . This made it tough to set and forget with all the constant fiddling of the temp dial to get it right.The Polder rarely agreed with an in-oven slow-set thermometer I put in to check against , so I could n't average out the temperatures.Finally , although the Polder said the turkey I roasted was only 165 , it seemed overcooked by 5-6 degrees , but of course that depended on my placement as much as anything , so benefit of the doubt goes to the probe . I 'm trying it again today with another bird to see if it 's still problematic , but I 'm not recommending it because of the alarm problem .
 The instuctions are to complex to follow and poorlywritten -LRB- items left out , etc. -RRB- Five people tried touse this thing and none could figure it out .
 The Polder Preprogrammed Thermometer is a great idea but it never worked for me . When I plug the probe into the body of the unit it immediately registers `` HI '' and within seconds begins beeping intermittently . This condition begins before inserting the probe into the food or oven . It never registers the internal temperature of the food.I would have reported to Polder , but I do n't know how to contact them . I note the precise similarity of the Polder & Taylor thermometers appearances & Taylor 's reported defect in another review on your site . Are they the same manufacturer ?
 But alas it worked for too short of a time ! I will join the chorus of customers who liked the concept of the thermometer but were frustrated and disappointed in its longevity . I would not recommend it to others unless they do n't mind having it just stop working after a few months . In my case it stopped working in the midst of cooking an expensive roast for a dinner party . Not good timing . Maybe that is Polder 's hidden motivation - they want you to buy two , one as a back up .
 Great product but it lasts less than a year . I 've became tired of sending it back so I bought another brand , it also broke in less than 12 months . I lost the recipt so I 'm back for yet another . These are so convient that as long as you hold on to the reciept they are worth the hassle .
 When it worked it worked well . However , eight months into this -- and I only have used it maybe 6 or 8 times , it 's broken . I have not done anything to it , and one day the the display is just messed up . I can see a line here and there , but nothing else . Replacing the battery did not help and Polder 's website offers no information such as warranty information . It is defintely NOT worth $ 30 .
 I bought my Polder less than a year ago and thought it was the greatest . I was preparing meats on the grill and in the oven to perfection . Then ... it quit . Just as other reviewers have noted , the probe went haywire and it is now useless . I 've yet to decide if it is worth spending money on another probe -LRB- especially since others have had the same problem -RRB- . I have to say I 'm extremely disappointed with the quality of this product . If it were reliable , it would be fantastic .
 When these pans are new , they 're wonderful to cook with , but within a few years , they 're expensive junk . The coating fails . My enameled cast iron has proven much more resiliant -LRB- and , short of cooking eggs , can rival non-stick -RRB- and for true non-stick , my Caphalon non-stick skillet is still going strong - and I got it at the same time as I got my scan pan .
 These are no more durable than any other coated pans -LRB- yes , the titanium/ceramic is still a coating on the aluminum -RRB- . Eventually , they all come apart under heavy use.The whole set is flaking or corroding or peeling.The sales pitch was that you could use metal utensils -LRB- we did n't -RRB- and they were the best pans available.If you treat these with kid gloves , MAYBE the coating will last a couple of years or so.Tried to return for warranty , and the package was refused by ScanpanUSA.Save your money . Buy something thick and cheap and take care of it . Use your money to buy a spare .
 The pan is so not a non-stick . I paid $ 100 for this pan and there is no easy way to return it . amazon can you please help ?
 We have had two of these skillets in 6 years . Both over time have gradually developed a brown skim on the cooking surface and become no longer non-stick . We returned the first one and now our second has done the same thing . We have followed the manufacturer 's instructions -LRB- no cooking on high heat and no dry cooking -RRB- . And in the last two years we 've never found a store that carries this item to replace it .
 I 've owned several Scanpan products . This fry pan , an 8-inch fry pan and a sauce pan . All stick after being used for a while . After I had problems with the first one I talked to the store I bought it from and to Scanpan . They said to use lower heat and do n't use cooking sprays . I followed those instructions with the next pan I bought and still had problems . I also tried the `` restore '' method mentioned in the manual using the steel wool that was included with the pan without any success.When they were new they were great , but once they started sticking , they were worse than a regular pan without a non-stick coating . Plus the sellers wo n't back them up . I tried to return mine under their `` Lifetime '' warranty , none of the stores selling them would take them back without talking to the distributor first . The distributor never returned my phone calls . Also a major consumer testing magazine that originally gave these a high rating retracted that rating after getting bad feedback from owners . You can read back issues in your library .
 I really liked the idea of non stick that could brown and didnt scratch . And it worked great-for 2 months . Then I noticed little bubbles . I called the company and the surly customer service person said that I would need to ship the pan to them , they would take a look at it and then if they deemed it a manufacturing problem-they would replace it . Of course I had to pay to ship my old pan , the new pan , and a handling charge . Forget it . My cheap nonstick cookware lasted longer than the scan pan .
 Well , I did not check the reviews on this cookware before I bought it . I was impressed with the advertising and I bought THE ENTIRE COLLECTION ! The saucepans have a few nicks , nothing that bad , but the fry pans did not last past the 2 years . Each fry pan has lost it 's nonstick quality . I can still see it around the upper rim , but the inside surface of each pan is bald ! Now it looks like any other pan that food `` sticks '' to.At the price I paid , I feel like I was taken to the cleaners !
 This fry pan became stick fry pan in about 2 years , when it sticks , it sticks like nothing else.do not buy it , because the store will not take it back , the company does not stand behind its product , waste of your money .
 I was anxiously awaiting the arrival of this pan ... after one use it has scratches all over it ... every titantum pan I read about . . that was the main thing , ... you could n't scratch it ... if I buy one of these again it will be a high quailty one ... as this was made in Denmark . . I thought it was a good pan . . sorely disappointed .
 I own two 8 '' fry pans and one 10 '' fry pan . The first 8 '' was returned to the company almost immediately because everything stuck to it . They sent me another one and it is just as bad . I have used these two fry pans perhaps 5 times each.They are undoubtedly the worse pans I have owned and I own thousands of dollars of fry pans . Do n't waste your money on these items . There ads are all hype and no delivery .
 Pans where smaller than I planned . I already have this size . Would sell them if anyone needs them.My pans are very good , I ordered the next larger size and they were perfect .
 The pans are nice and heavy , but I 'm very frustrated with my set . I most commonly cook eggs and pancakes in the skillet , and more than half the time I get horrible sticking . I clean the pans well , and oil them , but items still stick and burn . I do n't recommend these pans .
 They shipped the wrong item and it appears the only thing I can do about it is to ship it back to them for replacement . There does n't seem to be any way to contact them . And , it looks like it will cost me to correct their mistake
 Okay , maybe I 'm whining but I 've had my Scanpan cookware for 15 years now and the coating is peeling off both my 2 quart saucepans . Also , my 10-inch and 12-inch saute pans are about as non-stick as a seasoned cast iron set I once had . I know Scanpan say they will make good on my peeling coating problem on the saucepans , but frankly it 's hard for me to give up my cookware for whatever time it would take . I am currently looking at replacing my Scanpan set and sending what I have to Goodwill . I 'm considering the heieracy mixing brands and/or materials with stainless steel and nonstick cookware .
 This is NOT an instant read thermometer . It took almost 20 seconds for it to read the temperature of boiling water , and then it was a degree off . It is also very hard to read the display . I 'd go for one with the display window flat on the top , instead of on the side .
 As described by another reviewer , this is not an instant read thermometer because it can take more than 30 seconds to display the correct temperature even if when probe is fully submerged in boiling water . It also does n't automatically shutoff , so the battery may be unnecessarily drained when accidentially left on . I also agree that the side display is difficult to handle because the only flat surface to hold it contains the display . The product does n't provide any means to be clipped to a pan , therefore it can be difficult to hold it above hot food without being burned by steam while waiting for it to eventually give an accurate reading . This product is also sold under the Pyrex Accessories product line .
 I definitely had the need for an Instant Thermometer for grilling and smoking . I had my reservations about buying a Polder because of bad reviews of their dual Probe Thermometer , but it was the only instant thermometer available at the cooking store I went to . I got a decent price of $ 15 , but the thermometer is not instant at all . Like the other reviewers said , it takes 15-30 seconds to come to a final temperature . By that time the heat is out of the grill and your hands are getting burned from the grill . I would strongly recommend avoiding this product . It is hard to read , does n't do what it say it does , and does n't serve a good purpose . I do n't know how Polder felt like they could market this as an instant anything .
 I 'm not sure why my experience with this scale was so different from other people 's , but the scale I received did n't work . I 'd weight the same item two times and I 'd get two different weights . The scale seems cheaply made when you pick it up , though it looks nice if you do n't touch it . I returned it and bought an old vintage scale from a used kitchen appliance store down the street from my house .
 I got a scale with black numbers and dial - not red , like the scale in the picture you see . Looks bland , not worth the money I paid for it . Plastic parts . I am returning it right now .
 We bought the scale for starting Weight watchers but it does not do weights in fractions i.e. 1/4 lb etc. . Also it was not as pictured . The look of the scale -LRB- in the photo -RRB- was appealing because of the retro look with the red dial , ours came with a black dial which is just plane boring.Average thought ... its just an average scale and nothing more .
 I purchased this pot and other Scanpan cookware several -LRB- 3-4 -RRB- years ago . After about a year the `` miracle '' Titanium coating started to peel and flake off , just like the cheaper brands on the market we are all familiar with . NO where in the packages was any information about `` who to contact '' for warranty service . The pain of the high price paid for these inferior products will last longer than the cookware will . Do n't be duped , and do n't buy Scanpan . Disappointment awaits if you do .
 I purchased this pan to try out the glass ceramic titanium surface . It is a superior surface . We used the pan for 3 months . The problem arose the last time my wife used the pan . She was cooking in the kitchen and I began to smell melting plastic in the other end of the house . The smell lasted for days . There is no external damage to the handle . It must be occuring under the metal band that attaches the handle to the pan . I am afraid to use the pan again .
 Fan is nice in that it is space-saving and produces nice breeze of air . However after about a year of ownership we noticed the control panel gets VERY hot , even when the fan is powered OFF . So we keep it unplugged unless we are using it .
 Like many other reviewers for Scanpan pieces/sets , my experience with this cookware has been awful . I 've tossed a complete set out after just four years of use . I 'm aware there is a warranty , but why replace bad with bad ? Besides , the process for warranty replacement has less appeal than a root canal . It 's a joke.YOU REALLY OWE IT TO YOURSELF to check around on the Internet for consumer feedback/reviews on this overpriced and overrated cookware . Again and again you 'll read about how the nonstick surface eventually discolors , then forms little bubbles , the surface degrades , then finally loses all its nonstick qualities . Take the time to read customers ' 1-star ratings here on Amazon for both sets and single pieces , and you 'll read the same thing over and over again . SERIOUSLY , FOLKS , THINK TWICE .
 I 've gone thru two of these thermometers and NEVER got an accurate reading from either one .
 needs to have more wight on base and large suction cups on base to be secure while in hoz , or vertical use.it also needs lower temp setting for extra rare meat , and the addition of a fish temp setting for various thicknesses of fish , then you , ll really have something / / / / / /
 Temp reads only `` Hi '' or `` Lo '' ... nothing else .
 The Alert has two modes -LRB- Low & High -RRB- , evidently useful for holding an item in a temperature range ... In any event , the alert worked only on the first use , and has never worked since . I have tested with hot & cold water to see if I might have been using incorrect settings , but could not get any audible alerts when temp went through `` Low '' and `` High '' settings.My old original Polder worked well for 15 years , and I will purchase another one of those .
 The second time I used this thermometer it malfunctioned . I was making yogurt and put a lid on the pot and I guess it messed up the probe wire because about an hour in it started reading really high temps . The instructions say a 1 year limited warranty but you have to pay shipping both ways . Is this a defect or user error ? If I send it back and it is not considered a defect I 'm out the shipping costs and still no thermometer . The cost to purchase a new probe is almost as much as a new unit . No fun .
 Used the setup four or five times , thought it worked great . Very happy with accurate , controlled roasting . Now the probe is somehow shot , says about 104 F at room temp , put it in my hand and gets close to 120 F.Not nearly beefy enough probe/connections to withstand normal cooking/cleaning condtions.Do not buy .
 Broke after first use . The temperature probe is unable to tolerate the high temperatures of an outdoor grill .
 I rely on my digital kitchen timer / thermometer on a daily basis , even when not cooking . I was excited when I bought this to replace the last one , but I was disappointed with the quality of this one . The buttons are sluggish . The timer count-down does not continue once it reaches zero ; you could not see on this one how much time has past the preset point . It is handy when you know it 's been 1 or 3 minutes past the set time , so you could adjust your cooking time . It has a clock mode but I already have 2 other clocks in the kitchen -LRB- on microwave oven and radio -RRB- so I do n't need it . Finally it does not have seconds setting , or at least 1/2 minute setting , which I also use a lot . It works , but its design is not great . I will keep this one , and hope it breaks soon so I can get a better one .
 Mine broke THE FIRST TIME I used it . Do n't buy this ! If I could give it zero stars , I would .
 This product appears to be manufactured to guarantee that the purchaser must buy new probes at a cost of $ ... each . My probe became inoperative after only two uses . That is unacceptable !!! Now I understand why other forums show so many buyers of replacement probe -LRB- s -RRB- -- this is a great way to generate an income stream . Got ta give Polder five stars for their marketing .
 This is a poorly constructed thermometer . After one successful use , the LCD screen showed only occasional lines , rendering it unreadable.If it worked , it would meet a real need . I was lucky in that its illegible condition was obvious before I used it . If the screen went during the cooking , I would have probably ruined an expensive cut of meat .
 I used this thing once and it broke . I took it outside in the shade to test it and it said it was 130 degrees !!! Save your money . I wish I could sue this company for producing such a terrible product . If I could give it negative stars , I would .
 Better off spending a little extra $ , for a more durable version . Can not withstand high oven temperatures .
 Temp probe does not work . All you get is a high or low reading . Not a temperature
 I have had 3 of these craptacular devices , and each one has never worked properly . The most recent one I bought registered 335 degrees when I initially stuck the probe into the roast that came directly from fridge . I have also found that they are sensitive to the least amount of shock . Frankly there has to be a better product out there .
 I used this as a thermometer for steaks , roasts and such , and it worked ` OK ' . While homebrewing some beer it was submerged in the boiling wort and ` kinda sort of worked ' after that . We put it in the freezer to test it and my freezer was a whopping 67 degrees for a couple hours , luckily none of the ice melted in these temperatures . -LRB- Did you pickup the sarcasm ? I hope so ! Moving on . -RRB- The more I read about the digital thermometers , I find out most ca n't be submerged in liquid.I do like that you can set it to a range and it will beep when you leave this range , but I think I have to resort to a trusty analog thermometer for now .
 Worked relatively well about four times . It was kind of twitchy in that it would sometimes leap around + - 10 degrees . The fifth time I used it , it started acting weird ; cooked items would heat up then start getting colder as they cooked more . Finally , after screwing up a batch of home-brewed beer , I noticed it was showing room temperature as 105 degrees when it was 68 . Do n't waste your money , this thing is terrible . ... It 's a great idea , but the execution just is n't there .
 I purchased this item 11/2 years ago and after just a few months had to return it because the automatic timer was not working ... I was very pleased w/the complanies quick replacement of the timer , however , now the thermo temperature reading is not reading at all and I do n't know where to return it any longer ... However , even if I did know where to return it , I would be weary of ordering yet another malfunctioning unit ... this is now twice that a meal was ruined by lack of accurracy of my thermomiter ... I for one , am finished w/Polder ... Laurie
 While it worked , it worked great . But then it stopped working . Only 10 months of use . Ordered a new probe , but that did n't work . Now , it 's just an expensive timer . Would 've received three stars , but the Polder site and service not helpful . Will try the Taylor model , good luck with analog Taylor thermometers . Once you get used to these types of thermometers , it 's hard to go back . The precision in cooking , especially for chicken and pork , can make a big difference .
 It was working great for about three months but now whenever I put the probe into the unit , without placing the other end into the meat , it states the temp is either HI or LOW -LRB- i.e out of range -RRB- . How can it be too high when the probe end is at room temperature ? 80 degrees is too high ? Very disappointed .
 The probe quit working halfway thru the Thanksgiving turkey on my 6 week old thermometer . Later , after looking at reviews of other Polder thermometers , I found out that the probes do n't make it thru more than a few meals before failing . I was going to order a replacement but think I 'll just throw the piece of junk away .
 After fewer than six uses the probe has failed . Since I can not find a replacement this once useful tool goes into the dumpster . Great idea , non durable implementation .
 I was very disappointed with this item . I had trouble with it the first time I used it . The temperature would randomly jump around . It seems there are some problems with the probe wire . I think this could be a very good product but Polder needs a more durable probe .
 I 've had 4 or 5 of these thermometers over the years and when they work they are great . But inevitably the probes fail . You will think its your fault and probably buy a new one . But the reviews show that the probes are not up to the temperature extremes they will be subjected to in a grill or an oven.One solution I 've tried that works pretty well , is to keep your receipt , and when the probe fails , take it back where you bought it for a replacement .
 Works great except the magnet is too weak . When sticking on both a metal pot rack and an oven , the thermometer will stick but when you push the buttons just a little too hard the thing will go crashing to the floor . I 'm on our 2nd unit and it still works but the clear face is broken off . One more drop and that will probably be it , so I try to keep it sitting on the counter .
 I have two Polder thermometers . In the process of a remodel I placed four temperature probes -LRB- two from other devices -RRB- in a box . When the work was complete I attempted to link the probes with the proper timer/thermometer devices . Not easily done !!! Polder , it turns out , has a different probe connector for each of its models . Unfortunately , the thermometer/timers do not identify themselves as to which model it is . The directions do identify the model but there is no picture and the probes have no indication as to which model they belong to . Couple that with the worst navigation in modern internet information , the lack of information available on some models that are still available -LRB- new -RRB- , and you are left with no help for putting the right items together , no way to identify the matching item if they could be identified . No model numbers on the items and the customer service at Polder tells you they will send out information and then do not . They certainly will send a probe to you for $ 10 + -LRB- on a $ 20 item -RRB- , but not tell you how to identify which thermometer the probe fits . -LRB- You wo n't know anyway as the thermometer or the probe does n't have a model number on it . -RRB- Seriously , how difficult would it be to color code the probe with the thermometer receptacle , identify both the probe and the thermometer with a model number , post directions and a guide to matching items ? This is Marketing 101 . The thermometers work fine but only if you put the correct probe in the correct thermometer . -LRB- Why six different probes that do n't work in any but the matching thermometer -- which is not identified by a picture or a model number -RRB- . Polder has n't a clue when it comes to the customer . Bad , bad , marketing . If you have only one thermometer/timer and one probe you 're probably OK , but if something goes awry you 're screwed . Polder does n't get it .
 My mom has this thermometer , and every time she tries to use it for holiday cooking , she ca n't figure it out and hands it to me . I have read the directions over and over , and either it simply does n't function right , or it is so complex that three engineers and two product designers could n't figure out how to make it work . In short , very bad design . I have two other thermometers similar to this in my own kitchen , one with a pager -- super handy ! -- and one by Pyrex , both of which are fantastic additions to my kitchen .
 I really like this thermometer when it works.The first one failed after a few months . I figured it was just a faulty one and ordered another . The new one failed even sooner . I sent it back .
 I have purchased this item twice . The first barely made it through a grill season and the second proved even less hearty . The grill gets too hot for the wire and it burns through leaving two pices of probe wire . There is no way to use this with a grill and get sustained use from it . The same is true of all brands . . Models sold as `` wireless '' are not wireless in terms of going from the meat to outside of the grill . Somebody needs to figure out how to make this tool without the probe wire . That said , before it becomes useless , it works really well . Maybe the idea is to buy these by the case ?!
 Okay , maybe I 'm whining but I 've had my Scanpan cookware for 15 years now and the coating is peeling off both my 2 quart saucepans . Also , my 10-inch and 12-inch saute pans are about as non-stick as a seasoned cast iron set I once had . I know Scanpan say they will make good on my peeling coating problem on the saucepans , but frankly it 's hard for me to give up my cookware for whatever time it would take . I am currently looking at replacing my Scanpan set and sending what I have to Goodwill . I 'm considering the heieracy mixing brands and/or materials with stainless steel and nonstick cookware .
 Since the thermometer is plastic -LRB- exterior -RRB- , I have to hold it by hand , which would not be a problem if in fact it were an `` instant '' read thermometer as it claims . It takes at least a minute or two ... which is a long time while you are just standing there . I honestly find my non-instant read thermometer is just as fast . So here I am shopping for another brand of instant reads ; I hope I have better luck on the next one .
 This timer did not work well right from the start . After winding it , it would just stop timing . I finally threw it away and now I use one I bought at a garage sale for .50 . Same type , but one of the round ones . Maybe I got a faulty timer , but I would not pay this much for one again .
 yup ... that 's all it is . Does n't ding or anything at the end of the countdown . It just counts down . save your money and buy a watch . Oh and the magnets do n't actually hold the thing up .
 Magnets are sufficient to hold it on a surface , but if you put the timer on the door of a fridge , the timer may fly off . After 2-3 drops to the ground , the plastic casing broke . Taped back together , still works . A few months later one of the magnets came off . This timer now sits in a drawer , unused .
 Like many other reviewers for Scanpan pieces/sets , my experience with this cookware has been awful . I 've tossed a complete set out after just four years of use . I 'm aware there is a warranty , but why replace bad with bad ? Besides , the process for warranty replacement has less appeal than a root canal . It 's a joke.YOU REALLY OWE IT TO YOURSELF to check around on the Internet for consumer feedback/reviews on this overpriced and overrated cookware . Again and again you 'll read about how the nonstick surface eventually discolors , then forms little bubbles , the surface degrades , then finally loses all its nonstick qualities . Take the time to read customers ' 1-star ratings here on Amazon for both sets and single pieces , and you 'll read the same thing over and over again . SERIOUSLY , FOLKS , THINK TWICE .
 I own 2 of these 11 '' saute pans which became defective after 1-2 years moderate use.On 11/15/12 I called Scanpan and described the issues i was having with mine . The representive - named Allen - told me about Scanpan 's lifetime warranty . Allen was completely confident that these issues qualified me to receive new replacement pans . These pans are expensive compared to other leading manufactures of non-stick cookware , so I was glad that the company would replace them.I followed Allen 's instructions on how to send them in , obtaining a return authorization , packing and shipping the pans in to the address provided - though at my cost.A few weeks went by and i did not receive anything from Scanpan - not even a phone call or email updating me on the status.So i called on 12/4/12 and spoke to Michael , who informed me that my pans do not qualify and i will have to pay to have them sent back to me . Upon asking to speak to a supervisor Michael told me that he is the only one in this department and it is his call as to everything that goes on there.This is terrible customer service and even after telling Michael that Scanpan just lost a customer he did n't care and did n't do anything to attempt to resolve this issue . I am very upset , not only am i being told that my pans do not qualify according to 1 grumpy representative , but i am also being told that i must pay for getting them back . What kind of company is this?I called Allen , whose idea it was for me to go through this in the first place , and relayed the situation . After a week of phone calls back and forth , all he did was ship my pans back to me.This was a huge waste of my time and resources and , needless to say i am not interested in their overpriced underperforming products anymore .
 I have had quality issues with the ceramic coating starts to bubble and flake off . Org . purchased one 11 '' Saut&eacute; pan 6 yrs . ago 11/2 yrs . the store where I purchased stated that they had these issues due to their reuse of scrap material in the production process . They replaced the pan for me without having to go through Scanpan . 2 yrs . later it happened again ; this time the store would not replace stating that they no longer carry the brand ... I did get the product replaced through Scanpan after getting a RA and mailing back to them . 2 yrs . later I have the same problem AGAIN ; I just got off the phone to get a RA emailed to me.A drawback of this pan is having to get it replaced every 2 years . Positives are it 's a quality pan and the return process is n't the worst I 've had to deal with . After this one maybe I 'll give up and try All-Clad .
 This book is confusing to me . It kept going to the past then the future , and on , and on , and on . It started out okay . But I really did n't get the ending . This is short because I really do n't have nothing to actually say about it . I do n't really recommend this book to anyone .
 I think i read this book about five years ago and the only thing i can remember about it is that someone called Buddy shows off his arse accidentally when he loses his swim-trunks . Grow out of R.L. Stine , people ! There 's a whole world of , um , better stuff out there . Like sleep . And hayfever tablets .
 The book had me zooming through the chapters non stop . I stayed up late wanting to know what would happen next , who was going to die , and who the killer was . Sadly , the ending ruined the whole book for me . It went from murder mystery to sci fy . The book took a 180 and went down hill . I was very disappointed with the outcome . The ending just ruined the whole book . I was upset that I wasted my time to get that stupid `` Back to the Future '' ending . Major disappointment . Just plain stupid . .
 The first thing I cooked in this pan was a grilled cheese . I used a silicone spatula to turn it , and a sponge to wash it afterwards . As I was hanging it on the hook where I would store it , the light caught the bottom of the skillet and I noticed two scratch marks in the surface . I used it again a couple of days ago to scramble eggs . When I was done , I saw more scratches on the bottom . I would not purchase this pan again , nor any pan in this line . I have used only silicone spatulas . The reason I 'm not giving it one star is because the food did n't stick . I have no expectation of this skillet lasting long , because it makes me wonder -- if there are marks indicating the surface has been scratched , where did that material go ? Into my food ? Very disappointed in this product and will not purchase another .
 This is not what we wanted and I am going to return it.I will try to find another item to purchase .
 It worked for about 30 minutes -LRB- turning on and off -RRB- . Then I decided to use it in a different location , plugged it in and it lasted for 2 minutes and that was the last time I was able to get any heat out of it . The manual says that it may have turned off because of its overheating protection . But it clearly did n't get hot at all ! The instructions say to turn it off from the outlet for 10 minutes and then plug it back in . Well , it turns off after 20 seconds again ! I would never rely on it . Returning it back .
 I have owned this heater for about two months . I purchased it for the thermostat function , but the temperature sensor is so inaccurate that it causes more headaches that it saves . The manual says it will turn on at one degree below the set point and off at 2 degrees above set point . But if I set the temp to 70 degrees , the best the thermostat function can do is heat the room to about 77 -LRB- uncomfortably warm -RRB- then it shuts off until the temperature drops to 65 . When I called customer support , I described the problem and was told it sounds like it is functioning properly and if I do n't like it , I should return it . -- So that is what I am going to do .
 I noticed this item on amazon , but I earlier had purchased it from sears . I wanted to use it on my home stove . This item arrived with these instructions for `` seasoning '' the pan , had I known all this was required I would never have purchased this item . The instructions read : Outside on a charcoal or propane grill , heat the skillet to melt the wax , and wipe out with paper towels , coat with cooking oil or bacon grease . This MUST be done outside as this process emits `` smoke '' . Next turn your skillet upside down on a charcoal or propane grill , at 400-500 degrees to heat for about 30 minutes . Next cover skillet loosely with foil , and close hood on grill and heat for one hour . Finally when warm clean with warm water , and place on grill to dry . this skillet can not be scraped to clean . can not be placed in a dish washer . No soaps or detergents can be used to clean the skillet-ONLY WATER!I do not have any kind of grill , and found no matter how long I tried to season the skillet on my home stove , it did not work . Furthermore , anything I tried to cook in the skillet just stuck like plaster . This is just pig iron , that the purchaser literally has to forge for themselves in the fire of a grill . This item is a piece of junk for the person needing a skillet for home use only . I would never have purchased this item if I had known what I had to do to get it `` seasoned '' . BUYER BEWARE ! I would have given no stars , but this was not possible .
 ITEM WAS NOT AS DESCRIBED . I WAS BYING 10 '' STEAMER INSERT BUT RECEIVED 10.25 '' -LRB- MARKED SO ON THE BOX -RRB- . THE SELLER REFUSED TO ADMIT THAT IT IS WRONG TO GIVE WRONG DIMENTIONS . SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE SAID THAT IT IS MEASURING 10 '' . I HAD A LONG CONVERSATION WITH A SALES REP. BUT THEY WOULD NOT PAY FOR A RETURN SHIPPING . THIS ITEM IS USELESS TO ME BECAUSE IT IS TOO BIG FOR MY STANDART 10 '' PAN . COST TO MUCH$ $ $ TO SHIP BACK . i PAID $ 25 + $ 6.50 FOR SHIPPING IT COST ME $ 11.75 TO SHIP BACK SO , I CAN ONLY GET $ 13.25 BACK !! WHAT A WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY !!! TERRIBLE CUSTOMER CERVICE AT CHEF 'S RESOURCE
 Have a set of ScanPan stainless -LRB- aluminum sandwich -RRB- cookware . But this does NOT fit . The steamer is 101/4 '' while the large pot is 10 '' . See the other review - ScanPan only makes one size of these - this item description is wrong.With that said , while the steamer 's indent wo n't fit properly in the top of the pot , it will sit on top , and I 've used it that way to steam asparagus and other foods . Having the perforated bottom removable makes it really handy to load with food and to clean up afterwards . Just wish it fit right.BTW , I think the line of 10-inch pots are no longer offered by ScanPan .
 This item is pretty flimsily made , but I guess you get what you pay for , and it was n't expensive . Very difficult to keep the setting at zero to get the accurate weight of an item . On the up side , I did get it very quickly , so have no complaints about the vendor and the scale does work once you get it set .
 OMG I dont know where to begin but I do wish I would have never bought thisscale it is such a chunky cheap crap and near impossible to even operatePLEASE do yourselves a favor and do NOT BUY this scale you will regret it !! Unfortunately I ca n't give it minus stars so I had no choice but to give it one !
 Very poor quality . Plastic bowl has already cracked . Would not order again .
 It is easy to clean.it 's so helpful for my dream in kitch
 I am not sure what to click on , but why the price change ? The food scale that I clicked on said $ 15.00 . But before I clicked on checkout , the price had gone up to $ 19.74 . Needless to say , I did n't buy it.This is for the Polder food scale , 2109-05 .
 I 've used this triple timer before for almost a year , often on a weekly and sometime daily basis . I bought it from a culinary store . It worked fine , even after it was dropped on a concrete sidewalk once . So I decided to buy two more from Amazon , and they worked okay except for the 3rd part of the triple timer , it would n't reset its memory correctly unless you completely clear it a zero again . A hassle , probably a defect in the software/hardware . Other than that , it works okay .
 My daughter was attempting to use the timer on an older refrigerator -- one that magnets DO adhere to -- it was placed on carefully , and fell off.She tried again , it fell off AGAIN ; and this time broke . It was a stocking present for a 28-year old who loves to bake and wanted it so she could multi-task . I would say we are not pleased at all!Item
 Very disappointed in this timer . I like the idea of having three timers in one , and frequently need this feature . But this product falls short
 The timeris not intuitive to operate but , once mastered , seems fit for purpose . However within 2 weeks , the magnetic stick-on strip that bonds unit to fridge door etc fell away from the unit dropping it to the floor . Had to stick back on with Super glue ! That is just shoddy manufacture
 Others have commented on the same failure
 In the store , wrapped in its packaging , this timer looked so impressive . Sadly , it turned out to be absolute junk . The latch on the battery cover is so cheaply constructed that every time I grabbed the timer off my refrigerator -LRB- it has a magnet back -RRB- , the cover would break off and stay stuck to my refrigerator . The alarm sound can be described as unpleasantly piercing and , as others have mentioned , weak . Sometimes I barely heard it . Battery life was also a problem as the timer has no `` off '' or `` sleep '' mode . It just stays on until the battery goes . After all this , my timer lasted about a year before it stopped functioning completely . Please learn from my mistake , do n't buy this timer !
 I , too , have had nothing but trouble from this timer . It worked fine for the first month or six weeks , although as others have noted the buttons are excessively debounced and have to be pressed and held to function . After that initial period of unenthusiastic mild satisfaction , however , it began to `` freeze '' sporadically and , more recently , continuously . Even the kids now know how to remove the battery cover , take the battery out for a few seconds , and replace it to reset the timer . I ordered a new -LRB- different -RRB- timer today , and figured I 'd stop by here and leave this review while I was thinking about it . Avoid this thing .
 Conclusion
 I did n't really like this timer . It was cheaply made and the controls were too small . I would n't say it was difficult to set , but the procedure involves an unnecessary number of steps -LRB- for instance , why ca n't I just set the timer and hit start ? Why do I have to move that very small little slider switch back to `` lock '' before I can start to time something ? -RRB- If you really need three timers at once , maybe this is the one for you . But unless you have specialized needs , you may want to steer clear of this timer . I mean , I just bought the thing and here I am back on Amazon shopping for another one .
 After reading the other mediocre reviews , I still purchased this product . I 'd much rather buy 2 or 3 separate devices that work the way they should instead of purchasing this one . The buttons are HORRIBLE . I often cook 3 things at the same time , and it 's the biggest pain to try to shut off one alarm while not messing up the other ones . It 's also impossible to set the timers . Overall , it 's just barely useable . I 'd rather have either of my old single digital timers back any day.I just purchased a new triple timer today from Williams-Sonoma . The display is the same , but the color is metallic . The key difference is the BUTTONS ! It 's slimmer and not as flimsy . The beeping is also literally twice as loud as the Polder . I give this Williams-Sonoma triple timer 5 stars even though it costs $ 18 dollars . It even has individual buttons for each timer . Trust me , when you 're busy timing things and rushing everything to get done at the same time , the extra -LRB- or should I say less -RRB- time spent really makes a difference . With all 3 timers on , I guestimate saving a total of about 45 seconds between the Williams-Sonoma compared to the Polder.Even my girlfriend does n't want my Polder timer for free .
 First item came with the LCD display scratched UNDER the protective film from the factory . Yes from the factory . Put a battery and it ran for exactly 15 seconds and died . Tried a new battery , different brand etc. . Yup , dead . Do n't buy this thing , I 've never seen worse quality in my life .
 Display is small with numbers less than 0.5 inch high . Alarm sound is too quiet for many kitchens . When little more than a year old our timer failed with the display locking up .
 The alarms are not loud enough . Running water , dishwasher etc. will cover them up and I have a quite dishwasher . I tried a new battery but did it not help . Also buttons did not respond as quickly as the other three digital timers I 've used . I loved the features and was very dissapointed . I gave it one star because the alarmes do not do me any good if I ca n't hear them .
 This timer is a piece of junk . It is poorly made and unreliable . Within a few days of purchase it became clear that the internal wiring was not properly done . The timer would stop , the display would become unintelligble and the timer would stop functioning . I replaced the battery several times but it did not help . I plan on throwing it away and getting a different timer . I did like the ability to time more than one item at the same time , but if the timer does n't work , the fact that it has some attractive features is irrelevent .
 This is my second purchase of this product . My wife tried to clean the first one and ruined it . It worked quite well.The replacement -LRB- about 4 years later -RRB- was not as loud as the original . It required fewer batteries , so my thought is they remanufactured it to be more energy efficient.Unfortunately the new alarm is significantly quieter rendering it essentally unusable .
 When our old Polder timer started losing it 's mind -LRB- constantly resetting itself -RRB- , I ordered a replacement . The new one showed up dead on arrival . No display or anything . Too bad -- we kinda liked our old timer . The new product is extremely poorly made , with very cheap plastic and other flaws . We 're returning it and looking for a substitute .
 On the plus side , the alarm is loud enough.On the minus side , this has design and engineering issues .1 -RRB- The magnet behind the timer does not extend all the way across the width of the timer -LRB- and plastic does n't either -RRB- . There 's no reason to round the back of this thing . It 's way too easy to press one of the hour/minute/second buttons little bit too hard , causing the timer to flip off of the refrigerator and fall .2 -RRB- When an alarm goes off , the intuitive thing would be to hit the big button to silence the alarm . But pressing that button may or may not silence the alarm , depending on which alarm is currently active -LRB- which is really hard to see quickly -RRB- . For example , set a timer for 10 minutes . Then set a timer for 1 hour . When the alarm goes off , hitting the big button will stop the 1 hour timer rather than silencing the alarm from the 10 minute timer .3 -RRB- The battery cover is awkward to remove and replace . The battery is awkward to remove as well -LRB- you have to pry -RRB- .4 -RRB- Pressing buttons too quickly causes the timer to lock up . -LRB- As other posts have said , you can remove and reinstall the battery to reset this -RRB- . But this is highly troublesome when you have multiple timers going , and setting another one causes them to all be lost.I get the strong sense that nobody ever tested this under actual kitchen conditions . I hope the clowns who designed this thing get a clue and then redeem themselves by making something that works well . -LRB- Dear Clowns , you might want to start by readingThe Design of Everyday Things , and by actually using your own product -RRB- .
 I 've had this miserable item for several months now . It goes through batteries faster than anything else in the house , and I initially had to exchange it more than once because it broke in the first week . Now it 's totally dead while I 'm in the middle of juggling multiple timed activities .
 Lovely little timer , has all the bells and whistles you need . Only problem , they did n't make the beeper loud enough to hear it unless everything is absolutely silent and you are in the same room . Did these people even test it before they sold it ? I 'm getting my money back .
 I was not satisfied with this timer . I could n't figure out how to get the memory function to work , and the alarm was not loud enough to hear from an ajoining room . Three different timer modes were just too much for me personally . I think I would prefer a single or dual timer better.Polder did do their best to help me with this item and were very kind and courteous . I also had no trouble returning the product for a refund from Amazon .
 Ca n't hear the beeper unless your in the same room . Evan than it is very quiet , ca n't hear it over faucet running.What a waist for a timer . Maybe I got a bad one I do n't know , but I am not going to pay to ship it back , only to find out that the beeper is as loud as it gets.No I have no hearing problems , or tone impairment .
 This timer would be great if you were a librarian ! There is no way you could here it if you were in the other room . Maybe I just got a defective one . Also , the quality looks a little cheep . I am going to return it and get a different one .
 This triple timer is really terrific , however , as noted elsewhere , it stopped working after about 8 months of use . Freezes when you try and set a time higher than a few minutes and you have to take the battery out to reset it . After a month or so of that , the removing of the battery no longer helps and it 's useless . Too bad . . if it worked I would highly recommend this style of timer to everyone .
 It functions fine . But I expect to be able to clearly hear when the timer goes off , even if I 'm in another room . You can barely hear this even in the same room if there 's any noise at all .
 Nice appearance but very weak volume on beep . Relatively easy to set and move between three timer settings . No obvious way to increase volume of beep .
 While this unit was not at the top of Cook 's list , it was recommended . There are three significant problems - the first I think is fatal . You can hardly hear the alarm go off . The second problem is to time something for 45 minutes you need to hit the minute button 45 times ! The third problem is the battery life is quite short only about one month . Given the price of this unit it is not worth the money and at any price they could have done a much better design job . I am also quite surprised at Cook 's rating . I would not advise anyone to purchase this timer .
 After reading the negative reviews about this timer , I purchased it anyway after having being satisfied with other Polder products . It has plenty of timer functions , which is great , but like other reviews had mentioned , the alarm is not loud enough to hear and the magnet is not strong enough to hold it up . I will have to keep looking for another one .
 The alarms are tooooo quiet to in a busy noisy kitchen . Do not recommend !!! Loved the idea of three timers , but ...
 Being lost without a timer for everything ! , I purchased this to replace one that jumped into the dishpan ... . Having a clock and the ability to time three events at once are great features , but the alarm is too soft . I have hearing problems , but even at a distance to 12-15 inches , the alarm is easy to miss . Even my sharp eared children agree . I wish I had read the reviews before purchasing ... . a lesson learned for me .
 The features and functions are good . It 's easy to use and functions as advertised . I returned my product immediatly however , since the alarms for Timer 's 1 and 2 were inaudible when running at the same time as the kitchen fan exhaust . For that reason alone , the timer was not functionable from my standpoint .
 Polder Triple Digital Timer - WhiteI agree with the some of the other reviews . The alarm is too soft and Polder is falsely advertising the product on their packaging by stating the following `` Loud 60 sec . automatic alarm sounds when programmed time is reached . '' It is anything but loud . I owned a West Bend triple timer for 20 years and you could hear the alarm from another room . With the Polder , you can barely hear it standing next to it . If you had the radio on , you probably would not hear it . West Bend 's new unit does not work like the previous one , otherwise , I would have purchased theirs . Also , the Polder unit display can not be turned off and it wastes battery life . The West Bend display could be turned off . Looks to me like Polder did n't do much testing of the unit with prospective customers . The drawbacks are too obvious . West Bend made a mistake it changing a product that consumers were satisfied with .
 The display - instead of being simply clear plastic over the LCD it 's got a surface treatment -LRB- to prevent glare ? -RRB- that becomes steadily more difficult to read through in a period of 3-4 months.The case - battery cover comes off at odd moments , the magnet popped off the backThe UI - only fairI 've had 3 Polder timers - the first lasted until an accident took it out of commision -LRB- several years -RRB- . Since then , I 've had two different models and they 've both worked poorly and failed very quickly.This product is a stellar example of what 's wrong with many consumer goods today . Instead of making a product that we can pay a fair price for and use for 5-10 years -LRB- or more -RRB- , we get sold junk that fills up landfills .
 Reasons :1 . Faulty battery cover design . The battery cover comes off time I remove the timer from a metal surface .2 . The protective glass is cloudy - making the timer numbers hard to see .3 . The alarms are not very audible .4 . The magnet `` unglued '' itself within the first three days of use .
 This unit is a perfect example of the junk we get in the US all in the name of lowering the price.The buttons stick , the battery life is abysmal , and the alarm is so weak , you better not be listening to music or watching TV , you 'll never hear it!This is the last Polder I will ever buy . We are now forced into buying cheap electronics from Communist China -LRB- supporting their military buildup and oppression of Chinese citizens -RRB- because everyone wants lower prices ! It 's got to stop ! Give me a choice , I will buy a quality product for more money if it performs well and lasts . Stop buying and selling junk like this !
 This timer is inadequate in two ways . First , the volume of the beep is too low and ca n't be heard more than two feet away . Secondly , the LED began malfunctioning after a few months and made the readout illegible . I would n't buy this again .
 it 's a little confusing to use and it 's very easy to stop the wrong timer running because it does n't automatically switch to the time going off . But the worst is it 's whisper quiet . I bought this item for a professional bakery and the noise level is high . If your running your home mixer and the timer goes off unless your right by it you wo n't here a thing .
 Twice I had to return this product to the retailer.the manufacturer placed a protective plastic tape on the front of the timer , which when removed leaves a dull film on what should be a nice shiny plastic cover on this timer.however , most importantly , the alarm that should be loud , is so quiet , you can only hear it if it is within one foot of your ear.I contacted the manufacturer several times , WITHOUT A RESPONSE.Never again . !!
 The magnet fell off the day I received it . The alarm sound is so low , it can barely be heard , even on a new battery.When you are cooking , it is important that you hear a timer so your meal is not ruined and you can avoid inconvenient things , like fires in the kitchen.This timer is worse than useless , it is dangerous .
 I was replacing a Westclock Triple timer and chose Polder because I have been happy with a remote meat thermometer with their brand . In order to use the timers you have to click through all three timers , the clock and a stop watch . If I wanted to repeat a 15 minute time , I had to reset the timer rather than just clicking again on the same timer as on the previous brand used .
 The Polder 891-90 has quite a few usable components and capabilities . However , the alarm is very weak and can not be heard unless you are standing within 15 feet or so even though the description states the alarm is quite loud . Would not have purchased this timer if I had known that the alarm was so weak .
 I loved ours , but one day it fell into a stew I was cooking . I fished it out immediately , but it was too late , the mechanism was dead . I 'm still looking for a waterproof kitchen timer ...
 Although I 've had this timer for a couple of years , I 've only used it 2 or 3 times , because I tend to rely upon my much older , utterly reliable West Bend timer . When I tried to use the Polder the other night , the face was blank , and I could not get any numbers to appear , so I put in a brand new battery ... but nothing happened . This timer was barely used , but it is , nevertheless , dead and gone .
 For years we have used and enjoyed an older Polder Triple Kitchen Timer/Clock , but over time and use in the kitchen it had become yellowed and sticky . So I ordered a replacement . It was not until AFTER I ordered the replacement that I saw all the negative reviews about the newer editions of this product having an alarm that is so quiet as to be useless . Regrettably I have discovered it is TRUE . This timer can not be heard even if you hang it around your neck . And it does n't have a headphone jack . So , all-in-all , it is a totally useless , worthless , piece of junk . Do n't buy this or any other Polder product until the prove themselves to be more responsibile to the consuming public .
 One review I read said the alarm was quiet and would possibly not be heard in another room . I could almost not hear it when I was LOOKING AT the timer . Otherwise excellent , but useless as is .
 We are on our second pot and the same problem has occured -- the nonstick has bubbled out all round , close to the bottom . When we took the first one back to the shop because a small piece of the nonstick had completely peeled off , the manager told us that we must have used a metal implement and scratched it -LRB- not true -RRB- . They replaced the first one , but refuse to take the second back saying we must have used too much heat . Apparently , it is important to gently introduce the pot to heat everytime you use it .
 All the scanpans we have are sticking like crazy and are very difficult to clean . I emailed the manufacturer many days ago and received no reply . I wonder what `` Life time warrantee '' means.I found that a good stainless steel pan or a good cast iron pan will work much better in not sticking .
 I received my Scanpan in good condition , and thankfully read about the PTFE in this pan on the Scanpan web site before using it . The box the pan came in brags of how `` green '' the pan is yet never mentions the PTFE in the non-stick surface . According to Scanpan web site , heating this pan to high temperatures -LRB- those commonly used for stir-fry -RRB- could harm my birds , who fly to the kitchen to join me while I work . I doubt this pan healthy for humans , either , as I have read PTFE can interfere with female fertility . If I could I would give this pan zero stars . I returned it and received a full refund.I next purchased Cuisinart GreenGourmet Hard Anodized Eco-Friendly Nonstick 12-Inch Stir-Fry Wok with Glass Cover from Amazon -- what a difference ! Love this pan . Cook everything in it from bacon and eggs to you name it , every day . Will write a review for this pan sometime soon .
 I bought this pan thinking that I am buying a non-stick pan without Teflon . While the health issue became questionable concerning Teflon , I am willing to pay extra to be safe , and at the same time still enjoying the non-stick feature . The product description somehow suggested that the pan is non-stick because it 's ceramic titanium.Well , I was wrong , and I did n't know I was wrong until I accidentally browse the company 's website and read its FAQ . In their FAQ , it says
 Looks pretty but the shaker is actually quite a pain to use . Why ? When you put ice and drink ingredients in the shaker and seal it with the well fitting lid , the cold creates a vacuum inside the shaker . Thus , separating the lid from the tin becomes INSANELY difficult , slowing down your drink making . Also , there 's no built in strainer ; if you 're going to buy a shaker you might as well get one that has the strainer built in . This shaker only looks good on the shelf , where it will happily gather dust for you . Professionals use a pint glass , mixing tin , and strainer which have a steeper learning curve . However , once you learn the technique those three items are WAY easier to mix with .
 I ordered this for my son 's room . The fan is pretty quiet but the ocillating button does not work.I decided to keep the fan as it is more hassle to go through the return process . Lets see how long the blower lasts . I guess you get what you pay for .
 I ca n't believe all of the positive reviews on this product . I bought this BECAUSE it was so highly rated by my fellow Amazonian 's . It is inaccurate , Cheap , Lightweight , and I know I already listed it but it demands to be listed again , inaccurate.I unpacked the scale and to my surprise the scale was jammed inside the dish with the measuring rod jammed all the way to the base of the scale . So the spring is actually under stress until the product is opened . This immediately made me question the accuracy of the spring . To make things worse the red indicator line was crooked so by default it would read 0 oZ . and 10 grams at the same time because the left side of the line reads zero and the right side reads 10 . Because its crooked . Regardless I tried to give it a try by zeroing it out to either measurement . So my first test was I needed 5 grams of chili powder . It only has 10 gram or half ounce measurements so that did not work out . So if you need 1/4 oz . or 5 gram measurements your screwed . So I moved on to the next test . A half pound of ground turkey . I bought a half pound of beef and turkey from my butcher . He had it weighed out perfectly . I first weighed it on my large pro quality Polder scale and it was dead on . Then I tried the diet scale . It weighed it at just under 3/4 of a pound . I could n't believe it . Getting accurate measurements for dieting is crucial so this is unacceptable . I have had no problems with my Large polder mechanical scale so I was expecting the same quality in the small scale.Completely worthless . You would be better off with educated guesses .
 I purchased this food scale to measure my diet portions and I wished I never bought it so I put it aside and will be buying another type of scale . The problem with this scale is two things
 Unless you plan to measure out what you eat 6-7 oz at a time , this is n't for you . Great food scale though , its simple and accurate.I guess a digital scale would work better for dieters/bodybuilders
 The dial on this scale is not very sturdy and the overall product seems very delicate to use . I dont trust it to be accurate as it gives different amounts when redone with same weight . However , I must say , The seller is prompt and the product was delivered right away .
 I purchased this scale so I could weigh my food portions and my husband 's . I was quite happy -LRB- like other reviewers -RRB- with its price , size and functionality until my 2 year old handled it . Within moments she had removed the cardstock placard -LRB- where you read the ounces and grams -RRB- and plastic cover . It was impossible to replace the card and plastic cover and rely on the scale anymore . Now that I have had this scale , I realize children 's fascination with such a kitchen tool . If you have young children , I would invest one of the more expensive scales that can not be taken apart easily . My 4-year old 's friends were also very curious about it and wanted to touch/play with it all the time .
 If you are considering buying this item , just burn your money , it goes faster from your hands.The item arrived well packaged , with no problems , but when i opened the box the problems began . The measuring needle was not horizontal as it is suposse to be . It never went to the originals 0 oz , even we tried hard to make it go there . Same item weighted 3 times gives 3 different measures in grams.Don ' t be fooled by the comments and by the price ... Try buying somethig around 12-15 US , maybe you 'll find something useful .
 This scale is really inexpensive , so I guess I ca n't blame it for being not-so-hot , but my first problem with it is that it enjoys tipping . It 's really lightweight and , you know , you put some stuff into the top , and if it 's not totally evenly distributed , chances are that the bowl will fall off the scale . That 's no good , no one like that.Also , later , someone gave me an electric scale and I decided to compare the two . I made sure this scale was lined with 0 when there was nothing in the bowl . Then , I weighed a rock . I weighed the very same rock with my electric scale . The difference was almost an entire ounce . Now , who knows ? Maybe the electric scale was wrong . But I do n't think so . This one seems a lot less trustworthy , and also , when I put a cup of liquid on my electric scale , it measures as being 8 oz . That 's got to be right , right ? A cup is 8 ounces , right ? Yes , yes it is.My point is , invest in a slightly nicer scale . It need not be electric -- I actually prefer not electric . But just a pricier one .
 The thermometer works great . It is hard for me to read the temp when it is inside my oven . Love the hanger for attaching it to the oven rack . My only complaint is the size of numbers indicating the temp . James Allison
 This came with the paper -LRB- ? -RRB- inside the thermometer with all the numbers not properly aligned , i.e. it was crooked.I threw the thermometer away when I could n't figure out how to align it . Come on Polder you can do better .
 Given that I was in the market for a new oven thermometer , and given that the reviews of most of the available thermometers were less than encouraging , I decided to buy both a Polder and an MIU and test them against a Taylor mercury thermometer.Right off the bat , the MIU was off by 25 degrees . The Polder was dead on . However , within one day , the Polder was off by 40 degrees . But since they were so cheap , they 're not worth returning.Moral ? Save your money and buy a mercury oven thermometer on eBay . They generally go for less than ten dollars and there 's no guesswork involved as to their accuracy .
 I suppose I ca n't expect the world from a $ 6 thermometer but it does n't seem to be able to stand up with even the slightest nudge on the RACK -LRB- not the therm -RRB- . Quite the problem unless you have the feather touch taking pans in and out of the oven . Not to have all my hopes dashed , it does tell pretty accurate temp when it is upright . The hanging tab works great if you have the room to hang it , not an option for me since I often use the bottom rack . If polder beefed up the bottom stand or added some counter weight , this would be a good little thermometer . Until then , keep your long handled tongs handy to pick it up off of the element .
 Yes , I can hear the alarm in most rooms of the house - but I can hear the timer on my microwave just as well . This timer is poorly designed . The magnet on the back is attached to the clip that juts out from the back of the timer and is not balanced - so whenever I want to press a button I have to stabilize the unit with my other hand or it goes flying off of the refridgerator or scooting across the stove . Another complaint is that once the timer has rung , if I do n't clear it by pressing the minute and second button at the same time while holding the timer stable , it starts all over . I have to press for each minute of cooking time I want , and I would prefer to have an hour button than a second button . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 Holmes HPF650-U 18-Inch Outdoor Patio Oscillating 3-Speed Stand FanAs far as providing a cool breeze for our patio , the product works great ! BUT , the fan began to rust after only two days on my patio . Three calls to the manufacturer and a contentious confrontation with the seller has failed to provide any solution to the problem .
 I bought my Scanpan set 10 years ago . I love it when it 's new . It cooks evenly and it 's truly non-stick . My issue is that after about three years of normal cooking , the ceramic coating starts to bubble and flake off . I now have to send this back to them on my dime for replacement . To me , a lifetime guarantee means I should n't have to keep doing this.I have recently replaced my entire set of cookware with another non-stick set . I bought a few pieces of the other non-stick three years ago at the same time I sent several Scanpan pieces in for warranty replacement -LRB- again -RRB- . The other/new set of cookware is going strong and is not in need of replacement . My scanpan is now a very expensive , though nice , set of camping cookware.For the record , I hand wash my cookware , I do n't use non-stick sprays , I only use nylon/plastic or bamboo utensils , and I never use high heat . The long-term performance of this cookware is unacceptable .
 It looked like a good deal with a nice variety of utensils and an attractive set up . The first set that was delivered came without a bread knife so I grudgingly sent it back and asked for another set . When the return set was delivered it TOO was delivered without a bread knife so at that point I decided to cut my loses -LRB- pun intended -RRB- and get my money back . It was an attractive knife set and I really could have used it but I have better things to do with my time than to drive to the post office to return packages . I will try another company next time .
 Extremely disappointing product . Minimal usage and rust spots appearing on blades after first cleaning in a dishwasher . Food is generally difficult to remove even when hand washing.A very attractive set but difficulty to get really clean which makes you not want to use it . There is quite a bit of flex in the blades also .
 I was pleased with the look of these knives but disappointed when my large wide chopping blade fell from the counter and broke in half . Now I have to get a whole new set and will not be buying again from this maker . I have never had a blade break like this before and wonder if anyone else experienced this type of breakage . It was simply sitting on the counter and slipped off from about 4 feet high . CHEAP , CHEAP , CHEAP . I thought Chicago cutlery lasted forever . Since I no longer have the packaging ... I have no idea if the knife is covered under warranty . Time to find a better knives .
 We received this attractive knife set for a wedding gift only 6 months ago . We finally both agreed to give them to Goodwill and find another set . These knives seem so dull to me , despite all the high reviews . I am so not happy with this brand . I find myself grabbing my cheap ginsu knives that seem to have a sharp edge forever . I just do n't understand how this is possible ? I feel bad that someone spent over $ 80 dollars on an item that is sub-par . They are really nice to look at but poor in functionality .
 I am displeased with this purchase . The knives dull quickly and rust spots appear after the first use . Plus , steak knives do n't even have `` teeth . '' Sure , it is a decent price , but I would suggest spending more on a better set .
 I bought this knife set Jan 28 , 2008 , four3 months ago . It became dull so easily . I am not happy with the quality . Do n't be happy with the cheap price when it comes with lighting deal . I will not buy any Chicago Cutlery knives again .
 I bought these knives a few years ago , they started developing rust stains soon after i started to use them . They are poorly made from thin steel and not pure stainless .
 This set is nice to look at and the scissors are nice but the knife blades are very poor quality and do not hold an edge . I 'm not sure how the tip got bent on one of the steak knives but normally a good knife blade will break under pressure before it bends . Perhaps the price now 01/01/10 is more suitable than when I bought them 2 years ago .
 O.K. I hate saying/writing negative things ... So I 'll just write the facts . This beautiful ice bucket is less than 6 inches high -LRB- 14.5 cms . -RRB- and has a diameter -LRB- not a radius , but a diameter -RRB- , of 5 inches -LRB- 12.5 cms . -RRB- . My husband and I love buying stuff from WMF . When we go to Chile , we always get stuff there . But this ICE BUCKET ... LET 'S JUST SAY IT IS TOO SMALL!P.S . My husband has n't seen it yet ! ... ji , ji !
 Stainless steel is the way to go and is what my first expandable trivet is made , with twelve plastic caps for the SS legs.to sit on and not produce any scratches . I bought it purposely for use in the bottom of my HB slow cooker . It fits and does its job perfectly . When cooking is done it 's fairly easy to clean.Quite expandable it will serve many other uses . Should last almost a lifetime . Shipping was ahead of schedule . Highly recommended.UPDATE
 Quality shaker , but fittings are too tight . With slippery hands , you will never get the top off .
 looks great , but when shaking , liquid leaks out . Tried it several times/different people in case of user error . Am returning and going back to my $ 20 shaker
 I ordered this shaker with the greatest anticipation -- how nice to have a large shaker , with pleasant style , and a built-in strainer to boot . Three broken -LRB- and costly -RRB- martini glasses later -LRB- the last of which occurred 3 minutes ago -RRB- , I 've tossed it into the trash . It 's interesting that others have said the fittings were too tight . I might agree that the cap is too tight , but the connection of the top and the base is way too loose , setting up knee-slappingly funny moments where the shaker 's top comes off mid-pour , not only shattering said glass into at least 3 dozen pieces of varying sizes , but also setting free the Quite Expensive Liquors , loads of ice , and the shaker 's top and cap , which distribute themselves all over Creation . -LRB- Several choice words were broadcast all over Creation each time as well . -RRB- Sure , one should hold tight to the top , grasping it with all one 's might , to ensure such an unfortunate scene is n't played out . But , hey , the thing 's cold , my martini glass is thirsty , and after combining ingredients , preparing the glass , and shaking the cocktail with gusto , that final moment of pouring -- simply , POURING -- should n't involve so much compensating for the poor engineering . Maybe it 's TOO large . Maybe it 's TOO heavy . These seemed like good attributes at first , but I think it 's time for a smaller , lighter shaker , or two glasses of different sizes to act as one . Beware this heavy-duty Big Boy -- it 's eyeing your finest glassware and silently plotting !
 My Dad used to be one of those cool bartenders like Tom Cruise in `` Cocktail , '' so I got him what I thought would be a great cocktail shaker for Christmas this year . What a disappointment . The parts did n't fit together properly , so the first time he used it , liquid sprayed everywhere . My $ 6 plastic shaker is a much better investment than this $ 44 one .
 When one buys a book , a CD , a DVD from Amazon it is packed so securely that one needs a knife to cut the plastic shrink wrap . However , the product is received in good order.How much more important , then , to use proper packing material when shipping a pyrex product - - glass . This company packed two Pyrex Bakeware Custard Cups -LRB- set of four per package , for a total of eight -RRB- one on top of another . There was no attempt to wrap the two packages independently . The company threw a few shipping `` peanuts '' into the box and shipped it . Net result as one might expect ... one of the custard cups shattered into a thousand little pieces which spread through the entire box.To their credit , the merchant did make good by sending a replacement custard cup . This cup was packaged much better -LRB- paper wrapped around the cup and many more shipping `` peanuts '' -RRB- . Dealing with a box full of glass shards is not fun . I understand shipping material costs money ; I really do n't care , factor the packaging cost into the overall cost .
 I ordered six 4-packs @ $ 8.49 each and should have received a total of 24 dishes . I received only ONE dish for each `` pack of 4 '' that I ordered . While the listing states it is sold and shipped by Pro Kitchen Gear , the dishes I received were shipped by River Road . And , somewhere in the mix , a company called Westview Traders , Inc. was evidently involved.The product itself , the dish , is quite lovely and I 'd have been thrilled to have received the entire order !! However , that was not possible and a full refund was processed . The product was ordered on Dec. 7 , and now , just a week before Christmas , I have to try to find this item in a store locally . They were to be Christmas gifts to three people . It 's just a huge disappointment.I 've never had such an issue when ordering from Amazon !! I 'm a frequent shopper . I do n't know where the fault lies , but sadly , I can not recommend ordering this item .
 Like the other reviewer . The description says dozen . It 's just one ! I ordered 2 expecting 24 . The dish itself is pretty nice ... but I 'm not sure what I 'm going to do with only 2 .
 I bought this since I thought it was 4 creme brl&eacute;e dishes -LRB- as pictured -RRB- . The box only had ONE . $ 18 is a fair price for four . For only one ? Not so much . Back it goes
 The product description states that you will get a dozen -LRB- 12 -RRB- of those dishes.I paid $ 13.88 -LRB- excl.shipping -RRB- but received only one -LRB- 1 -RRB- !
 These cups are for serving or prep , they are not oven or microwave safe glass . They are not listed for baking on the Pyrex site ; the price is strangely high considering the same cups sell for $ 6.99 there .
 It 's suppose to be set of 4 and I only got 3 . I was very disappointed when I opened the box . I thought they would have covers too but they did n't . I would not reccomend this product .
 Seriously ? 4 cups for $ 9 ? I just bought some -LRB- Pyrex -RRB- at the grocery store for $ 6 w / $ 1 coupon . Will use them for cupping coffee and lots of other stuff .
 I bought this last dec from amazon for 4.99 . Why are they selling this for 29.99 . I believe this is a mistake . Anyways who would pay 8 $ for simple glass custard bowl .
 I was looking for a light weight 6 oz custard cup . These were very heavy with thick walls . The ones I have are thin walled . Due to the weight and look I threw them away . I am sure they are very servicable . It appears France is the only country that makes thin walled cups these days .
 I ordered this item over 3 weeks ago and am still waiting for it to ship . Do not recommend this item unless you are willing to wait and wait for it .
 The care instructions on these say `` Machine wash on cool delicate cycle . Line dry . '' Unless you can follow these instructions , do n't buy . When dried on low heat , they turn into a very wrinkled , slightly shrunken MESS !! Not what I want in a dishcloth !
 This item is very bulky . It IS easy on the hand but the wire is too loose and it will be practically useless in no time . The wire is not adjustable so it ca n't be tightened or replaced . Look elsewhere ...
 ugh . this pie plate seems to spill anytime you try to cut a piece out , its hard to clean and shatters easily .
 I bought one of these a year ago for special occasions . Used it only once or twice . Today it exploded in the oven after only 30 minutes of baking . -LRB- Apple pie , 425 degrees -RRB- . Nicht gut .
 The product itself is really nice . Good quality , but shipping is a real problem . The first time I ordered , the entire set was in pieces -LRB- many pieces -RRB- - when the replacement set came one of those was broken.Unless Amazon can figure out how to get these shipped with breakage , I would look elsewhere .
 I can not comment on the product itself because apparently it is not available for sale although it is listed as such . Availability of the item is so intrinsically tied to its value to a customer that it is inappropriate to exclude comments related to such . Although I ordered the item on December 10th as a Christmas present , it has yet to ship , no reason is given , and now the estimated delivery date is Feb 14-21 - great product , right ?
 Very disappointing . The lid does not begin to fit . Will not keep moisture in or stuff out . It is not usable for baking or storing food in frig or taking food to potluck .
 I agree with all the people saying Pyrex is NOT the durable stuff we grew up with . I am returning this one because the glass has a dimple on the side where the glass is thinner . I am not risking this in the oven , I am going with stoneware . I do n't care if this was made in the USA if it looks this shoddy.You might say I got a lemon , but I think Pyrex has gone downhill over the years .
 The top of the dish was uneven , so the lid would not fit tightly . I thought I could still use it , but I was mistaken . By the time I decided that it just would n't work , it was too late to return it for a credit . I discarded the dish .
 I understand that these are now made by a different company , which may explain why the lids fit so poorly . The last set I purchased 25 years ago had nice glass lids that fit very closely . This set has lids that fit so poorly there is real risk of them falling off while you are carrying them .
 I have a number of dishes by Pyrex and this is the first one I regret purchasing . The lid does not fit securely . The performance in the mircrowave is disappointing for most dishes especially veggies .
 VERY POORLY MADE FLIMSY ... NOT A GOOD PRODUCT TO USE IN OVEN ... DID N'T TAKE A CHANCE TO USE IN MICROWAVE OR OVEN -- USE JUST TO SERVE POPCORN OR FRUITS ...
 This arrived broken into tiny pieces . Since it was shattered the person who received this as a gift threw the glass into the garbage . Since we did not return the pieces , I was not granted a credit or a replacement item . Very disappointed .
 I owned -LRB- and loved -RRB- this casserole dish for about 2 years and used it a few times a week for everything from oven baked tuna casserole to steamed asparagus in the microwave . Our fatal and final voyage came when removing this casserole -LRB- and lid -RRB- from the microwave while wearing oven mitts . I bumped the dish on the edge of the microwave and watched in horror as the -LRB- super heavy glass -RRB- lid slid off and twirled through the air towards the stone tiled kitchen floor . A second later , the casserole part was slipping away in a quest to follow the lid in almost a slow-motion free fall.Now the fumbling of this casserole was all about me being a klutz , but the sheer horror of the aftermath -LRB- and the still fresh memories months later -RRB- make me queasy at the thought of re-purchasing this item . Two hours and numerous band-aids later , I was STILL attempting to clean up the unbelievable mess made from the shattered casserole dish and lid . There were shards of glass stuck in the walls - and I mean stuck in HARD ! All I could think of was the injury that could have occurred to a child or pet if they had been within 15 feet of the accident . In addition to the shrapnel , a glittering fairy dust layer of glass covered me , my counter and almost everything else below 4 feet in my kitchen -LRB- including the full plates of food sitting on the counter -RRB- - and yes , I cried as I realized that I would probably never be able to get up all the glass no matter what tool I used or how long I labored and that my waiting guests would be eating take-out instead of the meal I had labored over all day.If this casserole shatters in your presence , there WILL be injuries , and forget about doing something other than heavy duty cleaning for the next few hours . In fact , I was wearing flip flops at the time and had small pieces of glass working their way out of my feet for a few weeks after the accident.While I truly miss the many meals I created with ease using this dish , until the day comes that I have my kitchen floor layered with thick down pillows , I will probably not purchase this item again . -LRB- Two stars given solely for the memories of the tuna casserole . -RRB-
 A week ago , I would have given this product a 4 or 5 star rating . Since then , it exploded , sending glass shrapnel all over my kitchen.Until I sat down and googled `` pyrex explosion '' I did n't realize this is not an uncommon occurence . I used this dish for years . It 's versatile , shows off food , and is simple to clean . However , you might consider investing in some safety glasses because it can explode like a bomb with no warning whatsoever .
 The dish was essentially as expected , and securely packed for shipping , but the lip on the lid is not sufficiently deep to prevent it sliding off the dish under very light pressure or tilting .
 I used this once in the oven and then put it in the fridge . I was holding it over a bowl scrapping out the food when it shattered into hundreds of pieces in my kitchen and all over the food . I bought a Gordon Ramsey 2 qt . just now that looks much sturdier . I have a band-aid on my finger from the cut I received cleaning up the glass . If you can afford it , buy a better dish .
 I bought this based on rave reviews online , but I 've been disappointed . I do n't like the clack-clack-clack sound this whisk makes when it hits the sides of the glass bowl , and I find that the independent movement of all the pieces gets in the way of smooth mixing . I 'm now shopping for a new whisk . I read in America 's Test Kitchen 's cookbook that their favorite was a narrow balloon-shaped whisk , so I 'm on the hunt .
 Ordered cobalt blue placemats and got tangerine ones instead . Tried to go online to exchange for the right ones but could never find it stated as to how to do it . Finally gave up , sent the tangerine ones back with a picture of the correct ones I wanted . I appreciate you keeping such a close check on the order , but have not heard from you since I sent the incorrect ones back to you . Thanks for asking for a review of ordering from you and letting me tell you about the problem . Harriette R. Finch P.S. . Now if I can figure out how to send this to you .
 The teapot certainly looks attractive and is pretty inexpensive . However , it is unexpectedly heavy . When filled with liquid it is very hard to pour without using both hands .
 I purchased this tea pot because of the strainer in the spout . The holes in the strainer are too big and do NOT strain tea leafs . Pouring must be done very slowly to avoid water leaking through the top . Unfortunately , in order to make two cups at a time , the water level comes too close to the top . Now , I have to figure out the intricate way to repack this item to return it . Should have ordered one of the pots offered that has the metal tea strainer inside .
 I received this as a gift . It is terrible . I stopped sing it after 20 seconds and went back to my regular wisks . To top it off ... is does n't fit well in drawers ... I moved it to my Good Will box after a week .
 2 of the 3 pans were fine . Largest pan has a flat , bad spot . Return postage too much to rectify issue . Kept it and will replace it at a local store .
 Nice and simple , but so completely western if you ask me . It has more of the English tearoom effect than the Japanese love for the beautiful in the simple things of life . Japanese dishes are so creative and breathtaking in their simple beauty -- why are most of the options for sale here in the US so boring ? I have resorted to making my own sushi dishes , and I can tell you they 're a lot more interesting than these . If you want something fast get these . but if you want personality keep looking . let me know if you find anything really good .
 I ordered a pack of 6 candles . Only 1 candle was shipped . I emailed the vendor and requested to return the 1 candle for a full refund . Never heard back . No response , no resolution .
 This scale has nice features , but only works correctly on an even hard surface . So if you 've got carpet or tile where you are going to use it , continue for something else .
 I bought the scale a few years ago and change the batteries so I know it 's not a battery issue . My problem with this scale is that the weight results vary depending on where the scale is situated on the floor . If I move it a couple of inches , it will be either up or down a pound . I have weighed myself in one spot and a second later weighed myself in a different spot in the room and the results are completely different . Sometimes by as much as three pounds.I ca n't rely on this scale at all .
 I just bought this unit . When I tell it I am a male , it tells me my body fat percentage is 19.3 % . When I tell it I am a male athlete , it tells me my body fat percentage is 9.6 % . My conclusion ... this thing is completely worthless .
 Have had this thing for months and overall am not pleased with it . Seems like the technology is just not there yet . Readings for the same person from day to day or hour to hour fluctuate tremendously especially on fat percentages .
 Be wary of Tanita and their warranty claims . The product itself was decent , and fairly accurate , however Tanita is not a company that prides itself in customer service and product support . I used my scale in a normal bathroom environment , and after just 3 months you could see evaporation underneath the screen . I do n't know if a gasket had a crack in it , or what the issue might have been , but the unit could n't withstand the normal humidity of a bathroom . In fact , the unit was a good 20 feet from any active water , like a shower and tub.I shipped the unit in , and without even so much as a courtesy call , the `` customer service manager '' returned my unit with a note that my warranty claim was refused , even though I had spoken to someone before about the issue , and said it would be replaced no problem . The customer service manager was nice enough , but said that even though it was well within the boundaries of his discretion , he was going to refuse the claim , because they refuse all like claims regarding evaporation . He even admitted that it happens fairly often.Stay away.His recommendation ? Buy another Tanita , and not place it in the bathroom . Right .
 This product does not accurately measure weight if you have a small foot . It works well for a men 's size 10 but you have to coax it to measure a woman 's size 5 foot . It was a really expensive investment that does not work 50 % of the time !
 My order arrived and I could not get the scale to work , calls and emails to Tanita went unanswered . The positive thing was amazon sent an UPS return authorization the very next day I called and a new one should be on the way . Will report then how what I think of the product !
 This was not a useful product in any sense , as the results varied by 30 % depending upon what time it was used during the day . Even the scale was about as accurate as my $ 40 electronic scale from Bed , Bath and Beyond . Do not waste your time and money on this product .
 Body fat inaccurate which in turn would make the rest of the % es inaccurate as well . I returned the item .
 I bought this scale for accuracy , the readings change every second , not very helpful , do n't waste your money for the other fancy readings on this scale , just buy one that will give you your weight
 The BC-557 is very similar and was a good scale while it worked . I found it accurate consistent with other `` expensive and precise '' scales and I liked the multiple features . Then one day it stopped working after approx 3 yrs -LRB- has a ten year warranty -RRB- . I had not dropped it , batteries good , no explanation . I sent in for warranty , with receipt , RMA , etc. and it was rejected saying I had abused the scale and that it was corroded inside . I was astonished and could n't imagine how it could be corroded . When it arrived back , I opened it up and these was no corrosion inside , no signs of being wet , etc. . I am an engineer and know these things - the Tanita position was bogus . The error code I was getting was written up in several internet locations with others having the same problem and no explanation.I sent detailed closeup pictures to the President of Tanita and asked for reconsideration of their position . There was no corrosion , the scale failed and was still under warranty -LRB- 7 yrs left -RRB- , and I wanted a replacement . It was not a ranting letter ... . I did not get so much as a reply from Tanita . So ... my next scale was as you might guess not a Tanita . I bought an Omron scale and have been very pleased . Tanita and me no more , not never , not no way . Your mileage may vary .
 I recently started weight training in earnest , about 3 hours a week -LRB- in addition to my 4-5 hours of cardio -RRB- and have been really shaping up , getting compliments on my changing physique and looking better in general . My weight has changed , it 's remained consistent , however much to my dismay the body fat percentage on this scale kept climbing making me very concerned and a little upset . I 'd look at myself in the mirror and say , `` Is there something I 'm missing here ? I 'm looking more muscular than I ever have before , have almost dropped another size , so why is it that all of the sudden this scale is showing me as having more body fat ? '' I spoke with friend who is very familiar with these scales and she told me that there was a setting for `` athletic '' adults . I read the manual again , and ... ah-ha ! There 's the setting . But I do n't exactly fit the profile of what Tanita considers to be an athletic adult . I do n't exercise more than 10 hours a week and I have n't been `` fit '' most of my life . But , for the sake of curiosity I set up a new profile and give it a try . The difference in body fat percentage between the two is alarming . How can this be ? If this monitor uses bioelectric impedence to determine your body composition , then why would changing one setting alter it 's results so much ? Well , according to Tanita , it is based on `` algorithms '' or in layman 's terms - an educated guess based on other people 's results . Okay . Well , that was a huge waste of money . If I wanted a guesstimate , I 'm certain I could do that on my own . At least the scale/weight in pounds is accurate and I suppose it 's a redeeming enough quality to deserve a second star .
 This thing is ridiculous . I have a Homedics scale right next to the the Tanita and the Homedics is always consistent . The Tanita body fat % varies by 20 % depending on how warm my feet are , whether I took a shower prior or used the hot tub . Somehow the Homedics is consistent regardless of these factors . Of course I do n't have the box and I ca n't return this useless scale .
 I am a little disappointed , because I read so many positive reviews about accuracy n'stuff . The only accurate measure I found was the body weight . The Body Fat and metabolic age varies 10-15 % from morning to afternoon check . The Visceral Fat varies 1 to 2 points and the Physique Rating varies 1 to 3 points . It a little hard for some one to digest that in the morning you are 50 years and in the afternoon 42 . For a regular weighing kitchen scale is ok , the other measurements are only for fun not accuracy.Therefore , a little overpriced for a kitchen scale.P . S . If anybody thinks I am doing something wrong , I will welcome any pointers to improve the accuracy of my measurements and I will be happy to retract .
 I orded this for my wife after she had gastric bypass surgery . This is the brand her doctors office uses . They told me it was the most accurate . I got it home and put in the battries . Now , it looks nice and has lots of pretty buttons , but that is all it has . The display would not work , no matter what I did accoriding to tech support -LRB- which was pain to deal with -RRB- I could not get the display to work . Then by pure chance , it worked . But , the weight was not right . I am not a huge guy , but it told me I weighted over 400 lbs . -LRB- I was at my doctors office the week before and I weighed 254 lbs -RRB- . I sent it back and went with a Tanita , but a smaller model , works great . Do n't waste your time on this .
 Eight months after spending $ 130 for the Tanita BC554 Ironman scale , it died . It just says `` error '' on the LCD screen when we attempt to use it.If that was n't bad enough , when I called Tanita to inquire about a return or repair , they told me that I have to pay for shipping an 10lb scale from California to Illinois . Again , this is AFTER paying over a hundred dollars for one of their products.When I tried contacting The Competitive Edge-the vendor that actually sold the scale , they shrugged and said it 's Tanita 's problem . That does not make me want to ever order with them again.Unbelievable ! I 'll never purchase a Tanita product again , or deal with The Competitive Edge .
 This scale measures your weight , and is very attractive , so I give it two stars for that . Where it fails is cost/value . All of the extra bio-measurements like body fat percentage are worthless , due to their horrible inaccuracy.I knew when I bought this scale that this technology does not provide exactly accurate measurements -- that the resistance the current has going through your body is compared to averages made by the company with many test subjects . Where I thought it would still be useful is for trending ; i.e. if the body fat percentage went down over time , then my diet/exercise regimen would be working . Turned out I was wrong.While doing the P90X exercise program -LRB- intense 90-day program for those that have n't heard of it -RRB- , it told me my hydration level and muscle mass was decreasing over time , while my body fat percentage was increasing . Say what ? I could see my body getting more muscular , and I could lift more weight ... I called the Tanita Company and spoke to a knowledgeable employee , who happened to be a personal trainer as well . She explained that my hydration level was affecting the reading . That 's great that she clarified the problem , but because you can not exactly control your hydration level , you can not rely on the accuracy of these readings . So why pay an extra $ 100 for readings that are unreliable?Bottom line
 Everyone reviewed this product in a very positive manner . I purchased this and compared the results vs my Body Fat Test at the Dr Office - and this device was off considerably ! I also purchased a Taylor Branded Body Fat Analyzer that apparently offers the same technology to measure body fat - and it was extremely close to the results that I received from my Dr.I also question the additional `` Innerscan '' body percentages . When I called Tanita Customer Service , they could not justify Bone , Muscle Mass , and Metabolic Age readings and were extremely vague in the interpretation of the features.Even though Tanita was the first to offer Body Fat Monitors ... I would say first is not best !
 I agree with Kelly 's review . The surface is smooth and polished . The handles , lid and container , can not be grasped even wwith a towel . Terrible problem when hot .
 I 'm giving the item one star only for the state this item arrives in.I ordered this casserole with high hopes . Unfortunately , it turned out that Amazon shipping is not designed for this kind of product - casserole arrived smashed in pieces , although box seemed untouched . Thanks to Customer Support advice I did n't have to ship it back -LRB- trust me , nothing to look at - but I did leave feedback for package on the site and attached photos -RRB- . Next , I ordered a replacement , and no surprise there either
 We order the 4 quart casserole with lid but it was delivered without a lid . After many frustrating hours , we finally learned how to contact the actual seller - not amazon . We wanted a lidded casserole so sent it back ; the mailing cost was almost as much as the casserole and initial mailing . THEREFORE Amazon.com will not be contacted again to order ANY mechandise as the service STINKS
 When they say `` Mini '' they really mean `` mini '' ! The size is more for a child 's teaset or Tom Thumb & Thumbalena . I was very disappointed in the size -LRB- both height and width -RRB- of this set . It is definitely NOT worth the price that they charged for it . I can go into Walmart and purchase a full size set for half of what they are charging .
 This item was a lot smaller than I had expected it to be . They are nice but are only about 1 inch tall if that and maybe good for one person and one serving . I returned mine after being strongly disappointed at the size .
 Product arrived in time for me to take on vacation ; however , it is only the netting . NO HOOP or hanging hardware . The ad for this is misleading . I would never have purchased this w/o the hoop . I could have bought the mosquito net for far cheaper where I 'm going . Wo n't do business with this vendor again .
 ITEM LOOKED GREAT AND YES , IT PREVENTS MOSQUITOES FROM BITING YOU . BUT GUESS WHAT ? AFTER A MONTH THEY TORNAND HAD WHOLES . IT HAD NO DURABILITY WHATS SO EVER ... CHEAPLY MADE I GUESS ?
 The item I received was not as described . There is no wooden hoop and it did not come anywhere near fitting a queen size bed . It came stuffed in an envelope rather than adequate packaging . Do not buy this product !
 The item was fine , the seller was TERRIBLE ! We had a misunderstanding about an email that I did n't think I received . -LRB- I wrote to him about the return policy . I guess the resonse went into my spam folder since HE DID NOT USE AMAZON 'S SITE TO RESPOND . -RRB- Instead of kindly letting me know that he had sent the email and it was probably in my spam folder , he sent me a series of nasty emails . His excuse
 Es &uacute;til pero no tiene la calidad de algunos de los mosquiteros que se fabrican con nylon o polipropileno . Los mosquiteros marca MARE hechos en Venezuela o los Tukeke de indonesia son mas resistentes . Para darle 5 estrellas deber&iacute;a estar hecho de nylon o ser mas fuerte . Pens&eacute; que era de mas calidad cuando lo compre
 We ordered two nets from the same manufacturer -LRB- a white one and a pink one -RRB- , but they are different in length and the amount of fabric . The pink net seems to have enough fabric to reach completely around my daughter 's 4-post twin bed , with enough left over for the netting to cascade the floor , but the white net for my son 's room seems to have much less fabric and does not touch the floor at all -LRB- they have the same type of bed -RRB- . Do n't understand why , but it is too late for a refund/exchange . We purchased it in March in anticipation of the mosquito-season , and just recently set it up with the oncoming warmer weather .
 I 'm disappointed in this dish . It is extremely heavy and has no lip or handles to aid in carrying it .
 This does n't necessarily need to be printed , but the biggest problem I 'm having with this teapot -LRB- I have not yet bought it -RRB- is that I have absolutely no idea what its capacity is ! I would n't dream of buying it without that information .
 The salt and pepper shakers are very contemporary . However , the small pepper shaker -LRB- which we use most -RRB- does NOT shake out very much pepper . It is a very light shake . To improve it would be to make the 2 holes larger . The Salt has 3 holes and shakes out perfect -LRB- however we use very little salt -RRB- . I was a little dissapointed .
 The holes are pretty small so had to by different kind of salt for the shaker and both pepper and salt shaker require quiet a bit of work to get out the amount you want . Novel looking set .
 I agree with much of what has been said here - the things are tiny , but that 's OK , it makes them cute . The problem s the 2-holed pepper shaker - hardly any pepper comes out . We 're not even using it it is so frustrating . So , $ 22 later , we 're still shopping for a decent salt & pepper set .
 I bought this for my home and while it looks excelelnt , it functions sub-satisfactorily , and its overpriced . Especially since its not German-made anymore . Do n't bother purchasing .
 Extremely beautiful product that gets the attention but does not do what it is intended to do . Salt shakers holes are so small that regular salt does not pour out of it , thus rendering that one waste for even pepper . The pepper shaker we used for salt , and even that had a difficut time coming out .
 These are cute , but really small . The pepper in the middle is about as wide as your index finger and about half as tall of your finger . Very cute , but just really really small and will need to fill quite often if these are your day to day shakers .
 I bought 4 sets and returned them because the bad quality and not made in germany . However , they are not expensive , maybe I expect too much .
 This little clock sounds like a time bomb ! Each tick of the second hand is extremely audible . Only the dead could sleep in the same room with this clock !
 This clock only worked for two days , then one handle stopped working and I got up at 1am , because the clock said 6am . The seller is not being very helpful with the return . My husband told me not to get the same clock as it was too noisy and kept him awake . Overall very disappointing !
 I bought this based on rave reviews online , but I 've been disappointed . I do n't like the clack-clack-clack sound this whisk makes when it hits the sides of the glass bowl , and I find that the independent movement of all the pieces gets in the way of smooth mixing . I 'm now shopping for a new whisk . I read in America 's Test Kitchen 's cookbook that their favorite was a narrow balloon-shaped whisk , so I 'm on the hunt .
 The first time I received this product there were fine cracks on the side so Amazon sent a replacement . I received the second crock in fine shape . A week later I again noticed cracks on the replacement item . I do n't remember any incident that would cause cracks on this brand new item . I did n't bother to return it because it might just be the same story all over again .
 Much smaller than it appears . Container is not as tall as it looks like in the photo and the mouth is too narrow to store large utencils .
 This crock looks true white online , but I received mine today , and it is definitely not . I held it up to my white trim , my white stove , my white refrigerator , and it looks dull and gray against all of them . I would like it just fine were it not for the color , but I 've got to return it .
 I was very sad that the item that I was so looking forward to decorating my kitchen with arrived in many pieces . It would be nice if the shipper put more packing material around it . Remember that some items have to travel a long way with the infamous US Post Office .
 This wine rack and wine glass holder was cheaply made . You could see staple or nail holes on the outside where every dowel was attached . It would not look good hanging anywhere it would be visible at even moderate distance , especially if you were to purchase it for display . I was dissapointed .
 Unfortunately in my house it is apparantly hard to find the studs in the ceiling so I have not been able to hang this . so far it has been a big waste . Make sure you will be able to hang this prior to purchasing .
 I bought this unit at a local store in October 2002 and it has already quit working . The motor has NOT burned out and the documentation for it says it has thermal shutdown features . But it do n't function at all anymore ... I bought a 160 watt unit from Starbucks -LRB- vs Capresso 's 100 watt unit -RRB- and ca n't believe the difference . The noise level alone tells the story . Comparing the burr grinders of the two units shows the difference between a well-engineered product -LRB- Starbucks -RRB- and the Capresso . The Starbucks uses stainless steel screw and chisels vs the Capresso 's pig metal nubby burrs.I 'm kinda new at the whole coffee grinding thing and ca n't afford a 600 dollar professional grinder , but I could afford the Starbucks unit which is half again as much as the Capresso . It only goes to show . . You get what you pay for !
 The primary reason to use a burr grinder as opposed to whirling blades is that the burr grinder is supposed to give you more consistent size grounds . This one does n't come close . I 've had one for a few months . I 've tried grinding coarse for french press and medium for drip . Regardless of the setting , for each half cup of beans I grind , I get 1-2 teaspoons of powder mixed in with my grounds , as well as 1-2 teaspoons of powder clinging to the sides and top of the grounds catcher or stuck in the chute . The powder in the grounds results in exensive sediment in my french press coffee , and clogs the nylon filter of my drip coffee maker . The clinging powder just goes in the trash as waste . I got better results from a chopper , and the chopper was cheaper.The price is attractive for a burr grinder , but you get what you pay for . Either save your money and buy a chopper , or bite the bullet and invest in a serious burr grinder .
 I have no idea how well this product works because it arrived damaged in shipment . ... promptly shipped a replacement and it too arrived even more damaged than the first . In both cases it was the very thin clear plastic bean hopper that broke . I 'm sorry to conclude that a product that ca n't withstand shipment from Reno , NV to the San Francisco , CA area -LRB- 1 day UPS ground -RRB- probably would n't last very long in our kitchen .
 I originally bought this grinder for my espresso machine . On the box they indicate that it will grind for all types of espresso machines , and I did not want to spend a fortune on a grinder.Well , I originally started using the grind on level 3 , as recommended for a high level espresso machine , but that was not fine enough . Eventually , I was using level 1 , and it was STILL not fine enough.So , I called the company to see if there is something I am doing wrong . The company technical representative told me that THIS grinder is not designed for espresso . Then why does it say it can on the box ?! I returned it , obviously , and wound up getting a Gaggia MDF instead . Yes , I payed a fortune , but at least I am capable of grinding my beans !
 Had to return this item the same day I received it.On my first try this unit stopped working after the second bowl of coffee beans . It did feel a little hot to the touch , so maybe it was just too much to ask of it.And yes , this little wanna-be does spew out grind , especially out the sides . This is because the container does not `` latch '' on but simply stands against the base , and some of those little ground up beans just do n't know that they are supposed to all fly into the hole . Too bad , this little baby sounded like it had potential .
 I bought this grinder and was very disappointed , not for the grind which was good , but for the mess.I bought it skepitcally because I was not familar with the brand but was impressed the first time I used it . However , I noticed that grinds would come out no matter how much coffee I was ginding . Each time I used , it seemed to get worse - even if I cleaned it . This spillage is a problem with a lot of burr grinders but was particuarly bad with this one . The B & D I replaced whose motor died was better and cheaper . It appears to me the problem was related around the ground coffee holder as it does not fit very snug . Since there are several negative reviews and a few positive , I would guess that it is probably a quality control issue and that some people `` get lucky '' and a have a snug fitting holder .
 I bought this unit at a local store in October 2002 and it has already quit working . The motor has NOT burned out and the documentation for it says it has thermal shutdown features . But it do n't function at all anymore ... I bought a 160 watt unit from Starbucks -LRB- vs Capresso 's 100 watt unit -RRB- and ca n't believe the difference . The noise level alone tells the story . Comparing the burr grinders of the two units shows the difference between a well-engineered product -LRB- Starbucks -RRB- and the Capresso . The Starbucks uses stainless steel screw and chisels vs the Capresso 's pig metal nubby burrs.I 'm kinda new at the whole coffee grinding thing and ca n't afford a 600 dollar professional grinder , but I could afford the Starbucks unit which is half again as much as the Capresso . It only goes to show . . You get what you pay for !
 The Capresso 551.01 burr coffee grinder is a very poorly designed machine . One major reason to buy a burr grinder is to get a consistent grind . This grinder produces a very inconsistent grind . Even on the finest grind setting -LRB- 1 -RRB- , this machine yields many large chunks of coffee , mixed in with fine coffee powder . Also , the machine spews coffee grinds all over the counter , even when holding the hopper shut . I will return my machine ; I do not recommend this product .
 This is one `` dirty '' machine . Grinds end up all over the front of the unit . Somewhat noisy , and the timer -LRB- sliding tab -RRB- that controls the thickness of the grinds is poorly designed . I will use it until it fails , but given the price , this is a very disappointing product .
 First of all - let me say that most blade grinders do a perfectly acceptable job for most coffee-brewing tasks . If you want to grind coffee , and do n't want to mortgage your house to do it - get a quality blade grinder and you 'll be happy.Then there is this thing . At 2-3 times the price of a blade grinder , one would assume it does a better job . It does not.One supposed advantage of a burr grinder is that they should make a nice , uniform grind . This is important especially for espresso and french-press brewing methods - espresso wo n't come out correctly if the ground coffee is n't fine and uniform and with a press , if there are fine grains mixed in with the course stuff , it will pass through the filter on the press and you 'll have grain in your brewed coffee . Not good.My experience with my grinder is that no matter where you set the grind setting , it will be really coarse and not uniform . You 'll end up with a lot of coarse grain and a fair amount of fine grain sprayed all over the inside of the container . So it does n't work for espresso because it ca n't grind fine enough , it does n't really work for drip because it ca n't even grind fine enough for that , and it does n't work for a press because while the coarseness is spot-on , the fine grains it produces will pass through the filter and both clog the filter , making it hard to push the press down , and get into your coffee cup.Also not cool : It is loud - very , very loud.It is messy.The lid does n't seal tight , so it is n't an acceptable place to store your beans.The container that catches your ground coffee is hard to clean out and tends to spray electrically-charged coffee grounds all over the place when you open it or when you are brushing it out.It does electrically charge the coffee - which is annoying.The beans often do not gravitate down into the grinding mechanism - which is a problem because it measures your coffee based on a timer - so if the burrs are spinning free during any time of that grinding process , you end up shorted on coffee.Speaking of that measuring process - it is stupid - you never get the right amount of coffee - you move this slider to the numeric amount of coffee you want and then press the grind button . It often shorts you becasue the burrs spin free at least once during the process and about every 10th time you use it , the timer fails to stop the grinding and it will just grind every last bean in the hopper until you stop it.The grind-fineness control is a joke . You can choose between fine -LRB- ie , large chunks with a mix of fine mixed in -RRB- to very coarse -LRB- ie , large chunks with a mix of fine mixed in -RRB- . All in all , a very disappointing product . Go with a blade grinder for 15 bucks or a Mazzer Mini or Rocky for 250-400 bucks . Or get it ground for free .
 Total false advertising on this one . It does not grind fine enough for espresso . Barely grinds fine enough for regular coffee . Total disappointment . I threw away my blade grinder too ! Why say that it does something when it does n't . Obviously many people have had the same experience . Customer service was a joke when I asked them about it . I will never buy a Capresso product again !
 Being a coffee enthusiast , and a satisified owner of the Capresso Coffeetec machine , I thought their grinders would be of the same caliber . Boy was I wrong ! Not only is the grind variable and inconsistant , the plastic parts needed to be replaced three times for breaking under normal use . Capresso also did not offer to pay for tor replace the badly made plastic parts . I found out that unlike the coffee makers , which are made is Switzerland , the grinders are mass produced in China .
 This grinder worked well for about a month , grinding enough beans for one pot of coffee per day . After that , it started jamming up with every grind . It smokes and burns the coffee . Now I have to stop and clean it out several times per grind . Very disappointing .
 I purchased this grinder and had it for only a month and it died . I called the Capresso hotline and got extremely rude customer service . I tried everything they suggested and the grinder was just plain dead . If I 'm going to pay a larger sum of money for a product , it had better be good quality and I had better get good customer service . I sent the product back and got a full refund . I guess that is the best customer service Capresso could have ever given me . It is unfortunate that it is so difficult to find another grinder on the market that is in an affordable range like the Capresso . Its affordability is all it has going for it . I 'm still searching for a quality grinder that wo n't put a big dent in my wallet . Oh , FYI the grinder was extremely noisy and it spit grounds all over the place . Keep searching ...
 I returned my grinder after a few tries . Two major problems
 Upfront I want to say that this grinder does a nice job of grinding coffee beans evenly - all the coffee comes out about the same `` fineness '' or `` coarseness '' depending on how you set it . This is a good thing , and if you have ever used the really basic coffee grinders , you know they ca n't do this.However , its a pain to use this grinder . The receptical for the ground coffee does n't seal well and coffee grounds get spilled , making a mess . Its also possible to start the grinder without seating the receptical , so that none of the coffee goes in the receptical and ALL of it goes spewing into your kitchen . To make things even worse , my receptical cracked - the plastic is just not very sturdy . And I can find out how to get a replacement . I would suggest either going cheaper and getting a basic Krups grinder , or spending a lot more and getting something more on the industrial strength variety . As another reviewer wrote , its a pity that a good grinder ca n't be had in this price range .
 I bought this grinder to replace my husband 's old Braun burr grinder . The Capresso grinder says on the box that it `` delivers the right fineness for all kinds of espresso machines , '' but we did n't find that to be the case . It did not grind finely enough for my husband 's Gaggia espresso machine , even after several attempts.The Capresso customer service rep told me that the machine would n't grind `` Turkish coffee , '' which was n't what we were trying to make . The customer service supervisor suggested that we were using `` old '' beans . However , when we pulled the Braun grinder out and gound up beans from the same bag , we got espresso with perfect crema , not the case with the beans ground with the Capresso.The customer service rep. said that their grinder grinds beans perfectly for Capresso machines , but we do n't have one of those . I do n't think we 'll be buying one either , just to use their grinder , not after the hedging and unhelpfulness of their customer service . They did n't offer any solutions , even after I pointed out that the literature on the grinder box is not true.I was very disappointed , because I 'd heard great things about Capresso , but our first experience was n't a good one . If you 've got a Capresso machine , this grinder will probably work for you . If you do n't , make sure you can return the machine if it does n't work for your machine .
 As others have said , the quality is just not here . Our receptacle also broke after a few months and the entire machine completely died before we had it one year . Keep searching .
 We 've had this grinder for 2 months and it 's the most awful grinder we 've owned . It needs to have the ground coffee outlet cleaned out constantly or it jams up . It spews coffee grounds all over the counter regardless of how the lid is positioned . This is going into the Goodwill bag and we are looking for a new grinder . DO N'T BUY THIS ONE .
 Does not grind the coffee as finely as needed . Confusing to operate , also . Would not buy another Capresso product .
 I have endured this thing for two years -- what was I thinking . I finaly tossed it in the garbage yesterday and replaced it with the Braun burr grinder . I have owned both the Capresso grinder and their `` brew and grind '' coffee maker -- both were essentially very poor quality . The grinder was very messy and noisy -- especially compared to the Braun . Perhaps the biggest headache was the constant hanging up of the beans while grinding . In order to force the beans through the hopper you must constantly bang the unit on the counter to loosen them . With the beans hanging up I could never get a consistent amount of grind from one use to the next . So far the Braun unit is quieter , cleaner , grinds more evenly -- and does not jam-up with the beans . I have had it with the capresso products .
 I bought my grinder many years ago -LRB- at a premium , too -RRB- because I thought it would do a great job for coffee and espresso . But , mine has some sort of static problem , and creates a huge disaster every time I use it !! I hate it !! Coffee grounds go everywhere - the floor , the countertop , etc. I am really disappointed ! It was too expensive for this to happen ! I need to go and buy a basic grinder to replace it !
 I just got one of these burr grinders . I was a little concerned because of all those negative reviews . First , if you think you are using it for espresso , just forget . It is not that fine . The grind setting does work but not much difference . And the grind is not consistent enough . My favorite setting , if preliminary , for drip maker is ' 2 ' , a little surprising . It also generates a lot of static electricity and the ground particles tend to stick to the walls , requiring much cleanliness . The grinder sometimes gets stuck with finer settings . I do n't know how it gets stuck , but it does anyway . I have n't tried others grinders but I do n't think there are much better ones within this price range . So if you can afford , go for the ones above $ 100 .
 I bought this item on the strength of the reviews on Amazon up to that time . I 'm considering going back to a simple blade grinder , for two important reasons
 I loved this grinder while it worked , however that did n't last very long because it `` locked up '' after the first three months and approximately 15 actual uses . What a shame because the product is nice looking , has enough grinding settings to please any user and is fairly priced . Unfortunately , it just does n't have the staying power required for even a minimalist coffee drinker .
 The first day I used this grinder it sprayed coffee all over my kitchen counter . I was too lazy to pack it up and return it , so now , many months later , I am living with coffee grinds all over the place . Also , the plastic container for the ground coffee has become cracked all over for no apparent reason . I would give it 2 stars , because it does grind the coffee better than the 19.99 handheld model , and if you have time to play around with the settings , you can adjust the coarseness of the grind pretty well .
 I like to brew my coffee in a French Press , so I typically used the coarse setting with my grinder . Every time , a build-up of very fine dust collected around the upper edge of the chamber . Plenty of this dust also ends up in my coarsly ground coffee resulting in the inevitable mouthfull of grit when I take the last sip of coffee . The machine also produced a lot of static , so this dust that never should have been there in the first place , sticks to lid and edges . When removing the lid , the loose grounds end up on my counter-top or floor . On top of all this , it died only months after purchasing . Do not waste your money on a cheap machine . Make an investment and buy one that will last .
 I have a Capresso coffeemaker that is terrific . So I assumed the Capresso coffee grinder would please me just as much . Wrong ! The difference in grinds on the various settings is negligible . And when I take the grind receptacle out of the grinder , the grounds fly everywhere . Not only do I waste a lot of great coffee , but I have to clean up the whole countertop . My coffee tastes great , but the irritation of this coffee grinder just is n't worth it !
 I would agree with all the others complaining about the grind setting for espresso . I tried going all the way down to 1 , the finest setting , and the grains are still too coarse . Even if I tamp the grinds as tightly as I can , the espresso still runs through too quickly , with very little crema . I 'm not using a capresso espresso machine . I have a Krups Novo 2300 and it makes great espresso with beans ground in the store on `` fine '' , so I 'm sure it 's the grinder.I would avoid this model if your intention is to grind beans for espresso .
 Yes , as someone else noted , the container for the grounds has a lid and the grounds come out of a small hole in the front that feeds directly into the container . It still sprays coffee grounds all over , because the pieces do n't fit together quite right . I even tried using rubber bands to hold the parts together and they did not help . My workaround is to put it in the sink while it runs so the grounds will be contained.After it is done grinding the coffee , the sink and the grinder are covered with coffee grounds , and cleanup takes a while.It gets two stars instead of one because it * does * grind the coffee , but there has to be a better way .
 I bought this , it broke exactly one month past the warrenty date -LRB- one year -RRB- and the wonderful folks at Capresso were stunningly arrogant -LRB- even before they knew it was out of warrenty ! -RRB- . On top of that the very expensive Capresso coffee maker I also bought at the same time now leaks ... let me put it directly
 I bought this grinder for my husband for Christmas , to replace the old blade grinder he 'd been using for years . The burr grinder does a much better job of grinding for a wide variety of brews.The mess is a definite drawback . Once the beans are ground , the grind goes through a small opening and into the clear holder . Remove the holder and grinds spill out of the opening , all over the counter - this happens no matter what grind setting we use . Hubby now empties the grinder over the sink for less mess.Still , for the price , this was only a slight inconvenience . He 's definitely happier with the quality of burr-ground coffee as opposed to blade-ground . Edited to add
 This product is not well built or long lasting . Mine stopped working after 60 days . My Krups mill has lasted 15 years but is not right for a uniform espresso grind so I purchased the Capresso . I agree the ground coffee recepticle is poorly designed & makes a mess but my primary objection is the poor quality of materials & construction .
 My grinder wo n't grind fine enough for cone drip coffee . I 'm frustrated because I have n't had a good cup of coffee from this grinder after a week of trying.After reading other reviews here I conclude there is great inconsistency from one grinder to the next . When I choose the finest setting I still get small chunks of bean . I ca n't get anything close to the powder-like consistency of commercial grinders -LRB- such as the # 5 setting that Peet 's uses for cone drip -RRB- . Another reviewer stated they could grind for Turkish coffee . My grinder does n't come close .
 The messiest grinder I 've ever encountered . The electrostatic charge placed on the beans as they come out of the hopper causes coffee dust all over the counter . I 'll be replacing this as soon as I find something a little neater .
 The Capresso Burr Grinder has two main problems , minor and major.The minor problem is the mess it creates everytime you remove the container with the ground coffee . This was mentioned by other reviewers and I concur -- bad design leads to constant mopping up.The major problem
 I bought this grinder last summer and loved it . Then one day , after about 6 months of less than average use , it stopped working . I just turned it on one day and it did n't work . I tried calling the Capresso Customer Service number , but it 's impossible to get through to . I 'm still waiting to hear what they are going to about replacing or fixing my grinder -LRB- it 's still under the 1 year warranty -RRB- . My advice - pick something else or plan on replacing it every six months .
 Not only did Amazon disappoint me with unusually slow shipping -LRB- it took more than a week and I popped for two-day shipping !! -RRB- , but I spend more time cleaning up after this thing than I do drinking the coffee . It 's just a pig . It grinds the coffee well enough , but the grounds end up EVERYWHERE . I 've had it for a month and I 'm about ready to switch back to my $ 15.00 cheapie grinder . It 's just too messy to give more than two stars .
 This machine is not worth the price ... . It 's flimsy and lightweight . The grind is ok but it spews coffee all over the place . I should have payed more attention to the other reviews . Keep looking .
 despite the warnings I found on reviews , I bought one , and was disappointed with it . First the grind is NOT consistent , just very slightly better than a $ ... blade grinder . Second the grinding steps do n't quite work . It does have 17 settings but 1 , which is supposed for espresso fine-grind , is just suitable for drip method . Third it IS messy . It does not spray the grinds as described in some of the reviews but actually there is no way to keep it clean but to be cleanly yourself . Go for a better one like Starbucks Barista burr grinder , Bodum burr grinder or Briel ` Java Bean ' burr grinder .
 These are for sale on Ikea 's website for $ 3.99 ! Do n't get suckered in to this `` hot item '' when you can find it from the retailer who originally designed it for a fraction of the cost . This kind of poaching should be illegal . Best of luck !
 These are a great product but as others are saying they are just 3.99 at IKEA or you can even make it yourself .
 I have purchased eight Tracy Porter pieces and they are quite lovely.Problem is ... five of the eight pieces arrived broken.The china is poorly made and simply not strong or durable enough to use.You can literally break the pottery in your hand.It 's a shame because the pattern is bright and pretty .
 My intent was to buy an 8 '' set and a 9 '' set of cake pans as a gift to my daughter . -LRB- both sizes 2 '' deep -RRB- The error was my own , but the presentation made the error understandable.The two different sizes were posted on different pages - making comparisons more difficult . I thought it odd that the smaller size was more expensive than the larger size . I did not realize that it was not even for one set of two until my daughter kept insisting that she only received one pan . I was paying more -LSB- ... -RSB- and only getting one pan . Why is one smaller pan more expensive than two of the same but larger pans in the first place ? Now , if I order another pan I get charged for shipping again . It is n't going happen . Following is the heading as displayed on the web site : Wilton Aluminum Performance Pans Set of 2 9-Inch Round Cake SetNew
 Office Star Work Smart Cherry Finish Wood Visitors Chair , RubyTrying to assemble this chair became a nighmare . Three intelligent adults attempted it without success . Emails exchanged with the manufacturers finally resulted in a response that politely implied we just were n't smart enough to do it right . They also suggested we use a rubber mallet , which is n't in everyone 's home tool kit ! Needless to say it has been returned and Amazon issued a refund .
 I bought this to make Valentine treats for my children . I am a good baker , decorating cakes , and various other baked goods . I personally do n't care for cookies very much , and up til now have n't had an interest in making a giant cookie . This year I opted to make a giant cookie in lieu of buying my children a bunch of candy or yet another stuffed animal they do n't have room for . So I was surprised to discover that the Wilton set I purchased did n't include any directions more-less a recipe . Now I have to waste time Google-ing exactly how this works , and fingers crossed that I do n't have the same trouble that one of the other reviewers had .
 Magnet not strong enough . knives fall off . Also came in black plastic vs. the natural hardwood as advertised . I sent it back .
 These cookie sheets have rather sharp edges , but are basically unusable in my oven because they are too deep for the convection unit in the back .
 Wilton - pay attention , the tape you are using for your cover-the-whole-surface decal is ruining the whole experience of getting a great new cookie sheet . I have scraped , used veg oil , Goo-gone , scratched the surface , and I can still see remnants of this terrible tape . I will not buy this item again for ONLY THAT REASON . Do you really want to put your customer through that with a brand-new pan ?? I am steamed and have yet to use the pan .
 I ordered one of these and was disappointed when it arrived . The one I received was not 41/2 inches in diameter as described , it was 31/4 inches . The one I received did not have a contoured handle like the one shown in the photograph , it had a straight chromed rod for a grip . Amazon was quite good about sending me a return label to return it , and promised to send me the right one . When the second one arrived it was just like the first one . The quality of the pounder is exceptional , no doubt . But I was disappointed that what I received was not what was pictured .
 I 'd seen a lot of bad reviews concerning the cheap coating on Calypso products , but this one had better reviews , and for the price , I figured it was worth a shot.Don ' t make the same mistake I did.I saved a few dollars , on this . It 's a very pretty color , and good-sized . It 's also a complete piece of # $ @ % . I * just now * opened the very carefully-packed box it came in , where it traveled a mere two days , cushioned by little air bags and tucked into a corner where it could not possibly be so much as bumped . I feel confident in assuming it had a safe journey.Yet the coating is ALREADY in chips , in the bag . Before it ever left its plastic wrap , the coating began to flake off , over an area of about an inch and a half . And now that I can see inside , I see WHY it came off so easily
 Cheap looking and not stable with utensil in it . Also different color to my Rachel Ray green . Its going back .
 I should return this item . It arrived chipped at the top on both the inside and outside . I 'm keeping it only because I love the color and need it in my kitchen . I do not think the damage happened in shipping ; I think it happened before shipping , in production .
 This item arrived badly chipped at the base . It didnt look like it had been damaged in transit so it must have been very obviously consciously despatched in that state . I had waited a long time for it to arrive . I now dont have time to send it back so am stuck with it . Very disappointed .
 Similar to another review , mine is totally dead . At about the 4 month mark , it no longer powered on . Hopefully shipping costs to send it back to them are n't too bad . Was nice while it worked .
 We loved this toaster at first - until the top glass exploded one day . We had n't even used it that day . We were lucky that we were not standing too close to it .
 We really liked the warmer feature , but the top glass just exploded randomly today . Now I see lots of other reviews with the same thing happening . I would suggest not buying this product for safety reasons .
 I received this as a gift from my wish list . The oven does not get hot enough to brown food , same for the broiler . I 'm sorry I own it , it takes up way too much room on my counter .
 It worked pretty well at first , although I suspected the temperatures were always a little low because things took longer to cook than they should have . But I liked it enough that I almost completely stopped using my oven . It was a great way for a single person to cook . -LRB- I 'll second other reviewers who say the pans and broiler are not easy to get clean . -RRB- Then after about 6 months of use it just went completely dead -LRB- no heat , no lights , no noise -RRB- while I was toasting some bread , and it never came back . Of course , I have no idea where my receipt is , so I 'm out of luck with the warranty.I think I 'm going to spend the money and replace it with a Krupp 's oven .
 Great while it works right . My temperature controls are WAAAAAAY off ... by 50 degrees . Takes two hours to bake a potato . Mine is only a year old and I used it almost every day . Bought an oven thermomter and tested it ... results above . Liked everything else about it ... but have had bette , cheaper toaster ovens .
 Loved this toaster oven , twice , until ... BOTH of them just up and died within 6 months . It works very well , while it works , But I 've had two of them and neither has worked very long . They both just went dark . AVOID .
 T-Fal OT8065002 Avante Elite Toaster OvenThe toaster oven arrived December 2 , and by December 30th , it had quit working . The `` on '' light functioned , but none of the heating functions . It began again working in Jan. , but quit again . I now plan on returning it under warranty . B. Snyder
 This was my first toaster oven , and I LOVED it ! It toasted a cheese sandwich to perfection fast ! I cooked cookies in it , and meatloaf . Unfortunately , after only about 3 months , it stopped working , as in DEAD AS A DOORNAIL . There was no warning , it just acted like no pwer was getting to it . Unfortunately , w/o my sales slip & box , I could not return it to the manufacturer . The store I got it from only had a 30-day guarantee.I notice no one locally is carrying it anymore . Hmmm ...
 After reading a couple of glowing reviews I expected to be impressed with the quality of this toaster oven . I wanted something mainly for toasting . This oven has a setting for toast , but it does n't work . Each time , it changes the length of cooking and the temperature seems to vary . Sometimes I get toast , sometimes bread that has just been heated a little and sometimes toast that is too dark and very hard . Even if I try to change the time , I press the start button and the timing switches to some off the wall number . I know there is a malfunctioning of the digital timer , but it 's so much trouble to ship it back , it 's hardly worth it . In the future , I will purchase items like this locally where I can return them when they do n't work properly.It 's a nice looking unit . Also , it seems to work ok with the broiler . Just not with the toast setting .
 I loved it ... . until it just stopped working . And the manufacturer WILL NOT replace it . It is a let down .
 We bought this on amazon about 5 months ago after a cheaper black & decker one had the heat element buckle after 6 months . I thought if I upgraded a bit , I could get a bit more milege out of it - like maybe 2 years ... but now with only 5 months of usage ... suddenly no power . Totally dead . It is still under warranty so if the shipping costs to get it to a warranty center are n't too outrageous we 'll try that route , other wise , looks like another waste of money . I have to say that while it did work , we enjoyed it . It was roomy enough to cook a few cookies or heat up leftovers as needed without heating up the whole big oven , and made great bacon in the warmer - a bonus we were n't expecting.update to this review
 I bought this oven about a month ago to replace my old one which caught on fire . It worked pretty well for toasting things but then I tried to cook chicken in it . After 45 minutes the chicken was still raw . That 's when I put a thermometer in the oven to test the temperature of the oven . It was about 100 degrees less than what it was supposed to be . Yesterday I tested the oven again without food . It got hot really quickly but as time progressed , the oven started losing heat . I watched the thermometer as the oven heat dropped and kept dropping.I returned it and bought a Delonghi instead . I hope that one works better .
 I got my mom this toaster oven for Mother 's Day this year . She thought it was great b/c it is so large and because of the upper & lower trays . However , she only had it a couple weeks when the unthinkable happened . The glass blew out into a million pieces in every direction ! Thank goodness she was n't watching my 1 year old who usually sits near it to eat his breakfast ! It is was on a table with nothing/noone near it . My mom had toasted an English muffin and not at a very high temp left the room , noticed it was finished and that the toaster was off , fortunately left the room for a moment again and as she was walking back saw the glass explode everywhere !!!! If she had been even a foot or two closer she would have been impaled by glass ! I shutter to think what would 've happened had my son been there !!! Nothing touched it or hit it , it just exploded ! After she had cleaned up the mess she called TFal and they said they 'd send another !!!! Who wants another glass bomb in their house ??? They said it was n't a recall issue and that it was just a flook that this happened . Ok , who really wants to take that chance !!!!
 Ended up going to a different product after 3 tries with this oven . The first oven did not work in bake mode -LRB- the bottom element would not come on -RRB- , the second arrived completely DOA , and the third again did not work in bake mode . Why there is this problem is beyond me , it toasted just fine . Amazon was great , and happily refuned my money.Great design , loved the look , just would n't work !
 Oven is 50 degrees off while baking . Items were taking almost 50 % longer to bake than they were supposed and a thermometer showed the huge temperature discrepancy . Also , I find it more complicated to use than necessary . I am sending it back .
 If I could give this product 0 stars , I would . READ THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS , FOLKS , AND BE FOREWARNED . I believed the positive reviews and ignored the negative ones , much to my exasperation . When I plugged my handsome new oven in , the little red digital display numbers came on right away ... hmmm ... so far so good . But , according to the instructions , you are supposed to run the oven with the door open for 15 minutes to get rid of the new oven smell . Sooo ... the owner 's manual says to push the `` bake '' button on the dashboard , which in turn lights the pilot LID light on the display , after which you can set `` time '' and `` temp '' . So I push the `` bake '' button and nothing happens , no LID light comes on . Nothing . Zilch . Zippo . So I then push the `` temp '' and `` time '' lights to try to get the gerbils to wake up . Still nothing . I unplugged it and and plugged it in again , thinking that maybe somehow I had screwed that up , while listening for the `` beep '' the owner 's manual said should happen whence the unit is plugged in . Zilch . Zippo . Nothing . No `` beep '' . No `` bake '' LID light . Tried pusing the `` temp '' and `` time '' buttons again . Nada . Tried unpugging it again and doing the whole shebang all over again . Still nothing . It just sat there and grinned at me . About this time , I figured out that my unit was also `` dead on arrival '' . At least you can get a parcel paid bill of lading printed off from the Amazon website for a defective product return , saving yourself the annoyance of prepaying to return a dead product you have already paid for and now must wait weeks to get a refund on . Amazon should take the remainder of their stock of this awful product out to the back lot of their warehouse and run them over with a forklift .
 save yourself a headache and believe the posters that gave this product one star ... exactly a year later , I am buy another toaster oven . it just stopped working ...
 The first one I bought burned out after a year but I liked the look so much I bought a second one . Three months later the top glass cover shattered right after I had taken out the toasted slices . Fortunately I had stepped away from the unit so I was not hurt . Very dangerous . If you already have one dont use it , if you dont , dont ever buy one .
 Pros :1 -RRB- Does everything - toast , bake , warm , broil .2 -RRB- It broils fine.Cons :1 -RRB- Toasting
 Unfortunately this did not fit my global 41/2 '' pairing knife . Actually could not find one that fit so I bought a 6 '' chef knife guard and cut the excess off in a miter box with a hand saw .
 I was super excited to get this cake pan for the Superbowl and had grand plans for a chocolate football cake . When I put it in the oven , the cake pan had bent -LRB- due to the heat -RRB- and then leaned very heavily to the lower right hand side which made the cake batter in the pan ooze out which eventually burned . I had to use a large espresso cup to prop up the right side and use a large latte mug to hold down the left side . As a result , the cake did n't cook evenly and created a mess . I 'm sure there are higher quality , more durable football shaped cake pans out there . I wanted one on the cheap and I now wish I had n't .
 The design of this pan makes it impossible for the cake to bake correctly . The edges are burnt and the middle is not cooked .
 bought this at Michael 's for my b.f.s birthday . It was horrible baking , the center was still raw and jiggling . the cake ended up being horrible . It was SO dry . It looked amazing on the outside but I was embarrassed to serve it for how offal is was . I use it for jello now .
 While the table looks nice enough do yourself a favor and avoid this.The assembly process is a nightmare and you will find yourself spending HOURS just trying to get the long screws -LRB- There are many too so be prepared -RRB- to fit into the nuts that you also will have to situate into the cheap wooden frame.The screws much to my shock DO NOT thread into the SUPPLIED nuts that you now have buried 3/4 inch into the frame.No matter how much you turn them and tweak with the nuts inside the frame they often fail to catch.You will find yourself taking whole sides off just because the other side would not latch due to this.It looks like they packed the thing in a box and overlooked the assembly process . If you have HOURS nd HOURS to waste on this than buy it . The product looks decent enough.Myself I never saw it done . It was in pieces all over the floor with Nuts and bolts everywhere.I could have went to home depo picked up countless screws and slammed the thing together somehow but by this point I was disgusted with the whole thing.Avoid this and buy something else .
 It looks cute enough . The picture does it justice , but this did n't last us 9 months ! It took HOURS to put together ... and I am pretty good at that stuff ;-RRB- Once together , it was fine for a short while , but the tiny screws that hold the table together completely come out of the wood ... unfixable . It 's a shame . A simple redesign of the table would make this a charming set . Complete waste of my money and broke my daughters heart when it fell apart. : -LRB-
 This said it was five inches and it looked big but when I got it was tiny . I guess my fault for not paying more attention , the width is probably an inch .
 This company takes poor pictures of its products in groups of different colors , yet does not allow you to select the color you want . After I ordered the product , I sent them an email requesting the color I wanted and asking for a response to know they received my message . I received no response to that email , but did receive the color I wanted . The clock is very cheaply made and does not keep correct time . -LRB- I 've had it for two days . It has said `` 10:25 '' for at least three hours ... -RRB- The clock is also very noisy -- it has a loud hum and ticking sound . You 'd think for all this noise , it would actually give the accurate time , but no , it does n't . Read the feedback for this seller . They have a lot of positive feedback for some reason , but my experiece was the same as their high level of negative feedback . They 're selling clocks for $ 5.99 then charging $ 5.95 to ship them in manilla envelopes with no padding via the USPS . It probably cost them less than a dollar to ship the items . They scamming on shipping , making about $ 5.00 per order for that . I strongly recommend against them .
 Based on other reviews , I expected a much better product . After several uses , the pan is now heating unevenly . I can only guess that there is a defect in the reenforced bottom . Water no longer comes to an even boil , only around the edge now . The pan has not been dropped so I ca n't see why there 's a problem . And since it 's used now , I ca n't return it .
 CON
 The buttons do n't stay buttoned simply because the button holes are too large . Sorry charlie . Piece of crap . Buy USA products not made by slaves .
 I gave two stars because the shipping was n't late and nothing was broken . I have never tried this brand before but read that many people were happy with it so I went ahead and bought this exact set . I do n't like it at all , feels like thin plastic with an all around cheap look and feel . I will never buy this brand again , I will replace this set with something from somewhere else .
 Planned to frame this with a mat but the poster itself had around four inches of white space all around . Actual picture size was smaller than I wanted . It looks nice enough and the photo quality is nice but the description is a bit deceiving . I used it anyway but it does n't have the visual impact I was hoping for .
 this is a quality lodge product . i ordered it and the referred 8 inch skillet as a set . i am extremely disappointed the lid is way to small for the skillet . if the lid had fit i would give it a 5 stars , but since it is useless for me i give it a one . i feel this is an amazon error .
 The latch on this broke within one month of owning it . I called the company and they would not return the product . Horrible customer services
 THis swivel base stays in one position . It swings around , but goes back to the starting spot . I have to prop my TV to make it stay to the side . My 17 inch TV fits on it , but nothing larger . I would not buy it again .
 This is a well-made and beautiful product that does not fit my GoVideo combo VCR/DVD player . I have emailed the seller requesting to return the item and have had no response . If you want a seller who is responsive , do not order from this company .
 I would give the Corelleware 3 stars and Amazon shipping department 1 . Amazon is good , even excellent , about many things but packing is n't one of them.This set of dishes had been put into a box too large for it with nothing but one piece of plastic packing . Not surprisingly , the break-resistant Corelleware was broken -- in pieces , in fact.In my past experience and for this order , Amazon Customer Service has been excellent . They sent out a replacement immediately.This was packed exactly the same way even though we pointed out the poor packing to the CS representative and requested more care be given to breakables . The replacement set also had breakage . We gave up and ordered from a different place.I would add that we had to replace a very large , heavy and expensive book from a past order for this same reason . As with the dishes , that book had been put into a large box with one piece of inadequate packing . When it arrived it was crunched in various places from being battered around inside the box during shipping.Amazon shipping department , please get your act together !
 Plates are made in USA , but cups are made in China and labeled stoneware . Some cups started to chip off on bottom , and are discolored with scratches on the inside .
 nice poster . Its for a xmas gift . It took over a month for delivery . not happy about that . will never order a poster from amazon or poster revolution again .
 Only after a few months the glass jar developed a thin crack line . I called the services line but was told the jar is not covered by the 1 year warranty . This never happened to me with other brands . I guess it 's time to me saying good bye to all Oster products .
 The jar was not stable until the blender was turned on . And even though the box said that it was a vintage style chrome blender , it looked more like a blushed stainless steel or brushed nickel . It was not what I expected , so I had to return the product .
 We are registering for a new blender for our wedding even though we got this blender just a few months ago . It is sooooo loud . . it 's ridiculous really . It smells like it 's burning . When trying to make a shake you have to keep stopping it to stir it . . it just does n't work properly . You would be better off with something that has a few different speeds . Do n't buy !
 I received one of these for christmas 3 years ago . The metal shaft just sheared off and they wo n't replace it or repair it ! I only made smoothies . Thus , I am telling everyone to not buy their blenders . It was obviously defective .
 Disappointment after disappointment after disappointment . I have tried many of their products and soon after the warranty ended , they all end up in the same place ... in the garbage can !
 They all use a rubber drive coupling and if you use it hard it will break . I have 3 of these . Do n't get me wrong I like them . The oldest is retired because it is over 30 and looks like hell . I use it for parts . The two I have now are this one and a cheaper one . They all have this rubber part . The newer ones have a poor design in the jar base screw . It 's plastic and it breaks easy . I 've been through 3 plus in 6 years . I did not buy mine here I got one At JC Penny on sale and one at Wallyworld.Update to my review . This is not a heavy duty blender . There is a rubber part in the `` ALL Metal Drive '' that will fail . The replacement parts are not as good as a new one most have dry rot and break quickly . I 've got 3 and when I fix them I 'm selling them and getting either a Warn Or Vitamix .
 Looked great on the counter . Continually vibrated around when in use . Difficult to remove lid , too shallow . After a couple years of occasionally making smoothies , the rubber axle sheered off with the blade . Waste of my hard earned money . Not made of the same quality as Gramma 's , she used hers for a couple decades , and made strawberry smoothies all the time .
 After reading mostly positive reviews I thought I would give this blender a try . Very quickly the sealing ring was shredded which other reviewers had mentioned happened to them as well . Now the plastic base is now cracked once again rendering the blender useless . In six months time , with limited use I would n't expect this poor quality from a blender that is n't cheap . I also do n't like how the glass pitcher does n't attached securely to the base . It will turn when the blender is on . You have to hold it in place . This one is being returned and I am trying a new blender .
 I purchased this blender - after reading reviews of the breaking drive mechanism , etc. . I make a lot of fruit smoothies -LRB- frozen fruit , juice + other ingrediences -RRB- . Knife/axle separated after 2 months of use . This is not a solid blender - probably good for very light duty . The drive mechanism , although looks like ` all metal ' is really held together by a rubber fitting . NOT RECOMMENDED .
 Wonderful blender ... for about a month . Use it once daily to make a smoothie . Nothing difficult . Today the gear in the base snapped off ... no way to order a replacement . Complete waste of money . Will be looking for a Vitamix blender ... much costlier , but obviously you get what you pay for .
 this product is too bulky and just make too much noise . i read the review that this blender does n't make too much noise , . . well it does actually i only used a few times due to its noise it disturbs everyone in the house : -LRB-
 For starters , I did n't actually use the blender so I ca n't comment on its performance . I was disappointed when I pulled it out of the box and found out the base is made out of plastic , not metal . That is , apparently , the drawback of buying things online without seeing them and thinking that `` chrome '' means more than just a color . The base is a brushed nickel sort of plastic but the circle part that holds the jar is a shiny `` metal '' plastic . In my opinion , the `` metal '' plastic makes the blender look kind of cheap . If I wanted a blender that is going to look somewhat cheap , I would n't spend $ 50 + on it .
 This blender was nice for about 3 months . The round rubber lid is HORRIBLE - i think it shrinks with use . I 'm not sure why other reviewers did n't mention this . It 's like not having a lid at all - water goes everywhere . I tried getting a replacement lid but reviews said that it was worse than the original . I am hoping that the square design will work . Also , the plastic attachment that keeps the blade sealed cracked on mine , so that 's another weak point . I thought i had found a solid blender . . but turns out it 's not quite there .
 The more I use this blender them more I dont like it . I think I will just trash it one day . - it is extremely loud - the motor smells like it was a ready to catch of fire while working - the top lid is not good , it does not fit properlyStay away from this one .
 I bought this blender in March of 2012 and the rubber drive coupler which attaches the square drive pin with the base/motor sheered apart in September 2012 . They sent me a new blender and it broke the same way by January 2013 . I do n't do anything too heavy or crazy , just a smoothie most mornings and it ca n't even handle that I guess . I had a beehive blender just like this that was purchased at Target in 2004 , I had that blender for 5 years before this and never had a problem so I decided I would get another thinking it was a high quality blender . SO WRONG ! I do n't know if it is just the specific manufacturer that happened to make both of my blenders or if all of them are terrible . I think the reality is that this product IS NOT as advertised . It DOES NOT have an `` all metal drive system . '' It has a rubber coupler that will sheer apart relatively easy and can not handle crushing ice and making smoothies.The customer service department tells me to just try another new blender since I am still under warranty . But then I ask what about when it happens again and I am no longer covered . Well , then I have to find a service center and they will charge me . Great ! I will definitely be investing in a Vitamix or Blend-Tec blender , the Oster beehive blender is just not as good as it used to be and their advertised feature of an `` all metal drive system '' is NOT accurate.This is a VERY common problem that many have experienced . For example , read this thorough review here : http://www.amazon.com/review/R1OZFKJVR8V9K/ref=cm_cr_rdp_perm?ie=UTF8&ASIN;=B00005QFKG&linkCode;=&nodeID;=&tag;=The rubber coupler is designed to prevent motor failure by shearing instead of allowing a heavy load on the motor . While it is a good idea , it renders the blender useless until you are able to replace the rubber coupling . It is NOT an easy part to replace for a novice user . Most folks will likely throw the blender away . All the specs for this line of blender are also misleading . They claim an `` all metal drive system '' but in fact have discontinued all metal drive systems in favor of this rubber coupler . While the rubber coupler is cheap and is technically replace-able , there are no instructions on replacing it , no warning or notice that it may need to be replaced at some point in the future , and no instructions or notice on where or how to order the replacement -LRB- the replacements are easily ordered online and from Amazon though -RRB- . If Oster intended this rubber coupler as a way to extend the life of the motor , then why do n't they explain that so as to warn consumers so they do n't throw away presumably broken blenders that still have good motors ? Planned obsolescence , that 's why ! They want you to buy a new blender . I think they should go back to ACTUAL `` ALL metal '' drive systems and they should cease the deceptive trade practice of advertising `` all metal '' drive systems when in fact they are using an easily broken rubber part as a critical component of the drive system .
 I should have trusted my fellow reviewers when they wrote it is noisy . It is so loud I will could not use it without ear protection . I took the glass pitcher and put it on my old blender that is 30 years old and works fine . I realized even though I did n't use all of those buttons on my old blender having only two speeds was not enough and I ended up doing a lot of stirring .
 Bought this back in April in order to make protein smoothies . Worked fine until it broke in October . The cam which connects to the blade broke . It is apparently built around a plastic core , which is what broke . Tried to find someone to repair it here in Richmond , Va , but no dice .
 I used my Oster to blend frozen smoothies . It worked okay . It would eventually get the ice and frozen fruit to blend , but it required a lot of stopping and stirring . It was really loud -LRB- but most blenders are -RRB- . After about 5-6 months of smoothie making , the shaft/axel that goes from the motor to the blades sheered off . As far as I can tell , Oster does n't sell replacement parts for that problem .
 As pretty and `` classic '' as this is , performance-wise , we are underwhelmed .1 -RRB- It is screaming loud , seriously , you ca n't talk over it . Turn it on and leave the house .2 -RRB- It does n't do all that well with ice or frozen fruit . We got it because the box said it would crush ice , but it never really did , we ended up just using the crushed ice option in our fridge 's water/ice dispenser .3 -RRB- We 've had it for two years and it 's broken twice . The first time it broke , the mechanism that the jar sits on and spins the blades torqued off , so my husband got online , ordered a replacement part , and fixed it . It 's a year later and the same part broke again when I tried to blend frozen fruit and milk for a smoothie.Go with a different brand or model , we 've been pretty disappointed in The Beehive .
 After reading all of the positive reviews , I thought this blender was a pretty safe bet.I bought it just a little over a month ago , and we use it for making protein drinks . At first it worked great . Crushing ice was no problem . Now after using it about 15 times , it does not want to crush the ice . I have to turn it off and stick a spoon in it to move the ice around and get it to start again . Very frustrating . I am learning that truly good blenders are hard to find , and the learning curve is getting expensive . I guess I will have to break down and spend $ 400.00 on a Vita-Mix .
 We 've had this blender for almost a year . I mainly used it to make smoothies . It did an alright job but I frequently had to stop the blender , stir contents with a spoon , repeat over and over . Today the metal shaft that drives the blades sheared off . Looking for a new blender now ...
 Please note
 I have looked everywhere for a three-plate rack and finally found the perfect one . It came in the box with the middle bracket broken . Fortunately , my uncle is a welder and fixed it for me but it was n't as well made as I had hoped .
 Lodge makes a slew of USA made cast iron products , most of which are quite useful additions to any kitchen , and a very few of which are simply wastes of resources , time and attention . Regretably , this little 5 '' square skillet falls into the later camp . It 's `` oh-so-cute '' , and yet , damned near useless , save for cooking individual eggs or heating a sandwich made from boring , bland SQUARE bread like Wonderbread . Actually , even Wonderbread grilled cheese sandwiches are better made with some other Lodge devices that serve multiple duties , such as any cast iron frying pan over 8 '' diameter . That leaves this little 5 inch square as being square and basically useless , which it is . Avoid wasting even a dollar on this . The `` wonder '' in this pan is that it sells at all . I give it 2 stars , rather than one , only because it 's made well and made here .
 i ordered one of these , and when it came , it was peeling ! the peeling was n't in the cooking area , but it bothered me , so i sent it back and ordered a new one . the replacement was even worse than the first one ! it was n't worth my time to try a new one , so i just gave up and sent it back . i hope others have better luck . or maybe i 'm just too picky by wanting it to look nice too .
 I need to find out if this product had any warranty against it being rusted after two uses.I used this pan about two or three times and found out that it had gathered rust .
 I like the size and even-cooking of this pan , but ... - The pan 's handle becomes dangerously hot when cooking . - The pan 's body rusts very easily and can then leave stubborn rust stains on your counter top.Some type of handle insulation would make this product much safer .
 THIS IS WAY SMALLER THAT IT IS SUPPOSED TO BE . MAYBE MAYBE ONE SMALL EGG COULD BE CRACKED IN THIS SKILLET . MAYBE .
 This skillet was already scratched up when I took it out of the box . The coating just peeled right off . I ca n't even use it . Total waste of money .
 I do give this item two stars because it is exactly as described , so shame on me for not realizing how ridiculously small a 5 '' x 5 '' pan is . I thought that it was a toy ! There is not much use for it other than banging someone over the head with it if you are starring in a cartoon .
 Do not waste your money on these hangers . The plastic part will break or come out of the hanger after a short period of time . Why do manufactures continue to make such cheap products in China and expect us to replace them over and over again ? Just make products like they made them 30-40 years ago . Throw out the cheap plastic parts , make them out of steel and charge 15 - 20 cents more for the product .
 Had lots of these , same brand name , and after a couple of years one of the black soft plastic parts that holds the hook and engages with the clamp broke and popped me right in the eye.I was lucky that I did n't wind up in the ER or worse.OUT THEY ALL GO !!!!!!!
 The quality of these dishes is poor , and I suspect the fault lies with the manufacturer . The rims of some of the plates are flawed ; it looks like the glass coating melted along one side on some of them and the pattern does n't follow over the edge on others . I bought them online because when I went to the store to purchase them there were cups missing from a shrink-wrapped box , something that no doubt happened at the manufacturer 's . The pattern is pretty but for the price I would have expected better .
 I bought this set to match the set I already had and was n't too happy with the way it was made in comparison to the set I already had for 4 + years . The &#34; new &#34; set 's bowls , cups , and plates were all slightly mis-shaped and the black lines were n't colored in all the way -LRB- looked faded -RRB- . Overall I would n't order these again .
 Corelle Square 16-Piece Dinnerware Set , Service for 4 , Simple LinesIt is very nice , but the lines are fading off after few washes in dishwasher . surprised . recommend , pain white . anyhow who knows the paint does not contain lead ?
 Poor workmanship leaves the painted lines partially faded , & in some cases even interrupted in pattern . These dishes were returned . It 's a shame that quality is so poor !!
 I was dead set in getting another Corelle dinnerware set to replace my current Corelle design . I dislike the weight and bulk of stoneware and like their lightweight materials . I was looking for something with a square shape and contemporary design , so these seemed to be everything I wanted . When I opened the box , I was disheartened to see that the printed design is very poor in quality . As other reviewers have mentioned on other Corelle products , it 's pixelated and faded - not a true black . I will be returning these and continuing on my quest for the perfect inexpensive dinnerware set .
 I received the simple lines 16 piece dinnerware set . When I picked up the box , I heard glass strewn about . I opened the first box , and it was much bigger than the dish-box , and it moved very freely inside the bigger box . When I opened the box , 3 of the middle-sized plates were broken . I 've been too busy to really deal with it , and I want to order another set , and at that time , I would have requested 3 replacement middle-sized plates . Thank you .
 upon opening -LRB- the plain cardboard box -RRB- - the dishes were greasy - -LRB- as if used -RRB- - additionally the set of dishware was not in a Corelle factory box - if purchased in a store , most certainly the dishes would come in a Corelle factory box -- there is no Corelle identification anywhere in the box -
 I gave these as a gift to my mother . She 's had Corelle before and had seen these in a store and liked this pattern.They 're terrific quality , but sadly the mugs did n't quite match the plates and bowls . Though they were both white , they were different shades of white - obvious when setting the table . Amazon was terrific about taking them back and sending a second set . The second set also had the same problem - mugs that did n't quite match . She really liked them and did n't remember the mugs being different in the store , so she bought a set locally - all of the pieces matched beautifully . Amazon was terrific about taking the second mismatched set back as well . The only thing that was different about the set she bought locally and the Amazon set was that the Amazon set was in more generic packaging , not the retail packaging.Again . Amazon was terrific with their customer service . It really is a terrific set of dished when they all match . Maybe their supplier had a bad batch -LRB- early January 2009 -RRB- .
 This pepper-mill has a CARBON-STEEL grinder , not a ceramic one . Other mills with at least STAINLESS-STEEL grinders are priced below $ 20 which makes this one a bit on the expensive side .
 The set arrived with two damaged pieces . Promptly , the damages were reported ; however , the replacement pieces have not arrived .
 I bought this poster for my brother-inlaw for his birthday and the poster it 's self is nice that 's why I 'm giving it 2 stars but the extra options are a rip off ! I payed for the black plastic frame expecting for sides and it only came with a peace of plastic for the top and bottom nothing on the sides of the poster . I do n't know about you but I thought a frame consists of 4 sides not 2 . I also payed to have it gift wrapped the poster came rolled up with the so called frame in side the poster and the so called gift wrapping was a thin almost transparent red plastic sleeve that reminded me of the plastic that a poster comes in when you buy one at wallmart and a small peace of paper a little bigger than a buisness card saying that somebody bought him a gift and they charge me 2 bucks for that and try to call it gift wrapping . If you buy a poster from this company do n't pay for the extras or you 'll get ripped off . Just get the poster and do n't wast your money on the extras there not worth it at all .
 I had originally bought this pan because I thought I would not b able to find in my local store . But I did and it was cheaper . The pan does the job but whatever .
 Having read some of the other reviews here I recognize exactly the problem we had - the thing ran for maybe ten days and then the motor quit , forever . Unlike other and wiser reviewers , we had already discarded the packaging materials so there 's no returning it . Money down the drain . A worthless piece of junk ...
 Our first problem with this humidifier occurred when I set the water tank on the counter to remove the valve for filling . Since the top surface of the tank is not flat , the water tank does not sit evenly on a surface , so it fell and cracked . The crack was mostly at the top of the tank , so it was still usable if it was n't filled all the way . But then , about a couple of weeks later , the whole thing stopped working -LRB- after only about 3-4 months of use -RRB- . The warranty was useless , because I would have had to pay to ship it for servicing , plus include a `` processing/shipping '' fee of about $ 10 , plus the tank would still be cracked and probably need replacing , too . So we just threw the whole thing out . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 This product was designed by a moron -LRB- or a marketing manager -RRB- . Instead of easy to use , simple to fill , leak proof , and inexpensive to run , these guys went for ` looks cool and uses expensive filters ' ! Try filling this with water . When it is upside down it does not have a flat surface to rest on and there is no handle . Do n't put it down , it will fall over ! Try screwing on the cap , after four or five tries it might not leak . Do n't try moving the unit when it has water in it unless your floor needs mopping!When you need new filters , they will be expensive . By the way , the product is not made by Honeywell.You may think I 'm not in love with this product . You are correct!If I was to buy another humidifier I would go shopping and make sure the unit was easy to use -LRB- especially when it comes to filling with water -RRB- and economical to run .
 I 'm curious to know what kind of noise level the reviewers that rated this unit as quite consider what real quite is . Unless my unit was unusually noisy . this is the noisiest humidifier I 've ever owned . The noise level was intolerable ; especially for a bedroom . I had to rerun it after 1 nights use . Too noisy . I 've had several &#34; quite &#34; humidifiers over the years -- this unit is definitely not qualified to fall into that category . I ca n't comment on the other qualities of the unit like humidification , as I did n't have it long enough . However , the tank size is nice and big , and easy to fill .
 Product description for this model states that it has auto shut-off when the tank is empty . This is WRONG ! I was so angry at getting YET ANOTHER humidifier that did not shut off , I called the company . Turns out they have DELIBERATELY REMOVED the auto shut-off feature . Yet , they do not describe this in their literature , and the description given to retailers -LRB- amazon.com is certainly not responsible for the text -RRB- is clearly wrong -- and has been so for YEARS.So be aware that you ca n't leave this humidifier alone for long without getting dry , dirty air out of it . Depending on your reason for needing a humidifier , this could be a real problem.What a lousy , incompetent company ! The warranty is worthless as well , judging by the comments of others below .
 The 1st one I brought a week later , the fan was not working right . I pressed the low button and the air was on high , and if I had the air on medium it turned on low . When I had it on high , the fan just shut off . So I returned the item , and decided to get the same one , 2 months later it 's the loudest thing in the room . It make such a bad sound , I could n't sleep either my husband , and he 's a good sleeper . My baby was up too ! Now I do n't even have the receipt to return it . So save your time and do n't even think about buying this item . Big mistake
 I like that this had a 4 gallon water tank and the auto-shut off feature as we planned to run it around the clock since we are in the very dry Midwest during winter . However , the tank ran dry and the humidifier never shut off . I read the instruction manual , made sure the filter was wet to start , and it still ran dry but never shut off . I returned it .
 I wanted to get a humidifier that I did n't have to keep filling up everyday . Well the description said 4 gallons ! and I modified my search for 4 + gallon capacity . I only hold 1 gallon of water and now ... great I have to fill it 2 or 3 times a day . Not happy ... I think I should return it . and get the 99 $ Honeywell instead .
 I 'm so disappointed . I 've used the warm air humidifiers by Honeywell and changed because of the kids and dogs . The unit is a nice size and worked well . But after a week the motor died . I came home to a burning smell coming from the unit . I 'm hoping that it was a fluke but I do n't think , y husband will get another one . The hot air ultrasonic worked for 4 years and it kept the rooms warmer when the does we 're closed .
 Bought as a replacement for a Honeywell &#34; QuickSteam &#34; model as the water container had cracked and then leaked . HCM645 is labeled as &#34; QuietCare &#34; Cool Mist , but the fan is very loud at all speeds . Also seems to vaporize about half the water the &#34; Quicksteam &#34; model did . The good news is that the water container is the same for both , so I now can use it on the older &#34; QuickSteam &#34; model .
 I have two other portable humidifiers from diffrent manufacturers.Do not waste your money . Altough the design is nice , this machine is to loud even on lowest setting .
 4 months old , $ 10 for return warranty shipping ? Oh yeah , plus at least $ 10 to send it in . My ex wife had one of these that died after a year , this one did n't even last that long . Save your money - buy a big stock pot and stick it on the stove . JUNK !
 This is better than what it replaced , but that 's not necessarily saying much . I bought it based on several features - it had to have a wide opening for easy filling , a humidity sensor for regulation , and an auto-off when it ran out of water . The opening is very wide , but -LRB- and this is a common complaint I have about humidifiers -RRB- the top is ROUNDED - this means you ca n't set it down anywhere to fill it ! And the large tank is HEAVY to hold up while filling . It does have the auto-off feature which has n't actually been tested yet -LRB- just got it yesterday -RRB- , and a humidity sensor , which seems to work pretty well . However , the `` QuietCare '' feature or whatever they call it is a total line . It 's lowest fan speed/quietest setting is still louder than the loudest setting on my white noise maker . Since I like the white noise it produces , that is n't an issue for me , but was still quite surprising when I turned it on the first time.One thing to be aware of - it is quite rectangular shaped and deep , and blows directly out the FRONT of the unit , not the top or sides . This was originally supposed to go on a shelf in my son 's room , but since the only orientation it would fit on the shelf had it blowing out the door if it was open , or directly into it if it was closed , I ended up swapping it out with the one in my room which blows out the top.Overall it 's okay . I 'm frustrated with the rounded top making filling difficult , but otherwise so far I think it will work out.UPDATE
 We purchased this humidifier about a year ago from Home Depot for our toddler 's bedroom . I could not even stand to hear it on the baby monitors let alone sleep in the same room with it . It is very noisy and the motor rattles terrible . We spent upwards of 60.00 for this machine thinking it would be a better one than from Walmart but much to our surprise it 's not ! I still have my receipt and would love to send it back but I surely would not want a replacement . My husband and I have a Bemis humidifier in our room that is now 12 years old and is run everyday and it 's still going strong and quiet as can be ... . I would have purchased another one like it but you ca n't find that one anymore . So I guess the moral to the story is I would NOT recommend this product to anyone .
 I ca n't believe all the good reviews I read because I had so much trouble with this item . I returned the first one because it leaked before I had ever used it . I found the cleaning process to be awkward because I used the item in the bedroom and the bathroom sink was too small to clean the chamber efficiently . The company did replace my leaky one and after I had cleaned the replacement one , and before I had even used it , which is required , I filled it with water and it was so heavy and difficult to hold it slipped from my grasp and the plastic water chamber cracked against the sink . Luckily it did n't damage the sink , but needless to say I was quite angry . After having 2 of these items , I never even got a chance to find out how well they worked . I threw the second one out and never applied for a refund but I was left with a negative feeling toward this company .
 I purchased the Honywell HCM-645 as a replacemnt for the Honeywell HCM-360 . I bought the # 360 in Oct. 2005 , and after about 4 weeks of operation the motor started to make a really bad rattling sound , Oh crap where is the receipt ????? Ca n't find it !!!! Well , knowing that most stores wo n't return anything without a receipt if it 's been used , I figured I would have to take advantage of the 5 year warrenty and contact the mfg. for a replacement . In the meantime I ca n't be without a humidifier so I went out and bought another one , same Mfg. -LRB- Honeywell -RRB- but a differant model to be on the safe side thinking if I go differant I should n't have any trouble ... THINK AGAIN !!!! I bought the HCM-645 on 11-15-05 and on this day 11-29-05 , yes thats right 13 days later ... This motor has started to rattle , not quite as loud as the other but that wo n't last long.I called the Mfg. about the one I had no receipt for and they wanted to charge me $ 10.00 for warrenty processing and I was to pay shipping cost both ways , estimated shipping cost would be $ 20.00 so for $ 30.00 they would send me a new humidifer . I paid $ 32.99 orginally does this make sense ???? . Well , I took the information on returning only to hang up the phone and call Wal-Mart just to see if they would take it back . Guess what ? They had no problem in returning it for store credit and also took back the extra filters I purhased.So my thought on Honeywell Humidifers , BUYER BEWARE , something is definatly wrong with the components in the motor operation in 2004 and 2005 models
 We purchased two of these for our home and have since wished that we had not . The unit , while new , worked almost flawlessly , reasonably quietly , and , we thought , did a good job . The problems came about while we lived with it over the next couple of weeks . It started , simply enough , with the need to occasionally take the top portion apart to realign all of the plastic bits . We found this out after one refill when the machine would n't come back on . It seems that if the top white portion -LRB- not the tank -RRB- is nudged out of place , sensors will not allow it to come back on until everything is properly lined up . Unfortunately , this happened quiet often as you place the 4 gallon tank directly against that part of the machine . This problem we learned to live with.The second , and deal breaker problem , is overly apparent when refilling the tanks . The tanks are made of a clear , very fragile plastic that , if touched on the side while full , crack . The first crack on one unit appeared from some unknown bump and was found hours later with a pool of water around it . Now we do not have children , and our dog is about as mellow as dogs come , so we are n't sure how it appeared . So , ok , on crack -- we superglued the crack to reinforce it , it held , and we were generally pleased . Then another , on another machine , on a different floor , appeared . Hmmm , more superglue . From there we know what happened . When we attempted to refill the original tank -LRB- first superglue job -RRB- about a week later , after it had held through a number of refillings , the bottom was bumped against the sink when full . This caused the superglued crack to spread very quickly and a chunk of the sidewall broke loose . The second tank saw the same fate , although it happened as we were placing it , the same way we had always done , back into machine.Moral of the story
 It 's loud , like being in a cheap hotel , we ca n't sleep with it on at night . Leaky , the tank is always leaking , when we fill it up . Moldy , the filter gets mold 1-2 weeks after we put a new one in . It is now in the trash . Save your money buy something else .
 I recently purchased a Honeywell `` Quietcare '' Humidifier HCM645 . But it is not quiet at all . It occasionally has a rattling noise , and the fan is quite loud . I have portable fans that are quieter than the fan in this Humidifier . I probably should have returned it , but I suspect another one would be just as noisey . Plus , since it 's washed , set up and full of water , to return it and prepare a new one would be a lot of work . Now I have also discovered that it needs the filter changed once a month , at a cost of $ 12.99 each plus shipping . Also they recommend a cleaning cartridge , which is not included and is another expense . I would never buy this again .
 I read the other reviews that complained about the noise of this `` Quiet Cool '' humidifier . I thought , heck , I like white-noise sounds , I wo n't mind this . Or maybe the reviewers are being unreasonable.No . Really . This unit is absurdly loud . And I 've had several other Honeywell-aka-Kaz units in the past.Otherwise , the operation is fine - easy to fill and use . Straightforward controls . I never have the problems others seem to have with mold on the filter , likely because I run it until the tank runs out and periodically let the filter dry out completely . -LRB- And I change the filter every 6 weeks . -RRB- I bought this for my daughter 's room , but we will only be able to use it during the day , it 's just too loud .
 I like the pattern , but the quality of the flannel is the same as the $ 1.00 / yard stuff at WalMart , even thinner and much lower thread count than the bargain flannel at JoAnn Fabric 's . Of course if you are not used to dealing with decent quality fabrics it might be adequate for you , and the price is such that I wo n't return it if I have to pay shipping .
 is cool looking but not practical . breaks very easuly and the top comes off when you pour with it
 Purchased this deep fryer December 07 . Worked fine for 3 months and then burned out . No power light . Warranty is one year but manufacturer requires customer pay for shipping both ways for repair/replacement . Not worth the shipping cost to have repaired or replaced . To bad , I liked the unit when it worked . Will look for a deep fryer from another manufacturer . May not buy Rival products in the future .
 Purchased in March 2008 . Used four times and quit on me in the middle of frying chicken for our family Christmas gathering . No light . Owner 's guide indicates a reset button which DOES NOT exist . Unfortunately I did not save receipt . Reviews I 've read online indicate this is a very pervasive problem . To return the item , you must pay shipping both ways . simply not worth it . I will never purchase another Rival product .
 Have used this fryer for 2 years . It just stopped working in the middle of cooking fish for dinner . There was no reset button like the booklet said there was . Called customer service later and they apologized for the unit not having a reset button . Suggested the next time to unplug and wait 20 to 30 minutes and try again . Is this not crazy ? Who would want to do this in the middle of cooking dinner . I loved the unit when it worked , but will not buy another one . Quality needs to be better . Customers service could not just send me a heating element part . They do n't offer parts . Here we go , a throw away society . If it does n't work , just throw it in the landfill !
 Bought this unit in 09 and used it approx 30 times . Just quit working , no lights no heat . took it apart and one of the wires that goes to the timer and or thermostat was fried but still had continuity , power to switch was good andheating element was good . Pretty complicated inside workings , timer , circuit board , lights , etc and that is where the problem is . Next stop trash . Too bad I really liked the unit .
 Bought this a few weeks ago locally . Used it once and worked beautifully . Loved it . Later the same day -LRB- 4-5 hours later -RRB- turned it on to cook more fritters . Nothing . Nada ... zip ... My husband checked everything with a volt tester . Cord was fine . Problem was with the machine . Wish I had read the reviews on here first . What a joke . Taking it back today .
 I have never writeen a review before , but felt I had to with such a terrible product . I purchased this fryer in March 2009 and had used it about 3 times when it suddenly stopped working in June in the middle of frying french fries . I thought the outlet lost power , but after checking several different outlets , it still did n't work . My mistake was reading reviews on this piece of junk AFTER it broke , instead of doing my research beforehand . Had I read up on it , I would 've seen that everyone is having the same problem and Rival 's customer service is not helpful . The store would not return it , since it was 1 week past the 90 day return policy and I do n't care to get another Rival anyway . I would much rather pay the price for a new one by another brand . If you want a deep fryer that lasts through making dinner , you wo n't want to purchase this one . But , if you enjoy your food being ruined and going through the hassle of unhelpful customer service , then this fryer is for you !
 I got this fryer as a wedding gift . I read the entire booklet that it came with before the first use . I used it once to make chicken and it came out great ! The second time I used it I made french fry 's which also came out great . Each time I would finish I cleaned it out completely and saved the oil . I took very good care of it . It kept working twice more but on the 4th time I used it , right in the middle of cooking fry 's it just shut off and wo n't turn back on . It appears that the unit may have over heated ? There is a fail/safe that shuts the unit off automatically , which is great but then you ca n't use it anymore . You need to `` press the re-set button '' which is apparently located on the back of the control panel . This button does not really exist . I searched the entire panel for a switch , button , even those pin hole re-sets you need a needle to use , nothing is there . I now have a big useless fryer in my kitchen . I did n't buy this , it was a wedding gift so to get a replacement I need a sales receipt . So I will have to go out and buy a new fryer . It wo n't be a Rival I can tell you that .
 Like other reviewers , ours broke after six months of occasional use . Well , technically it was broken on arrival , since it would n't turn on . I traced the first fault to an improperly assembled power cord , which I was able to fix . After about six months of occasional use -LRB- we used it at most 20 times -RRB- it broke again - would n't turn on . Further troubleshooting traced the problem to a defect in the timer switch -LRB- love that multimeter -RRB- . The warranty is a joke . By the time you ship the broken one and pay for the shipping for a refurbished replacement you have nearl paid for a brand new one . So ours went into the trash . I 'll be avoiding Rival.Daniel
 I used this fryer 3 times and on the 3rd time it quit working mid fry . Tried other outlets to see if it was my socket , and still no power to the fryer . In the manual it states behind the control panel there is a reset button . There is no reset button . After looking at many complaints on this product , all have the same conclusion
 Loved the product until it stopped working after the fourth time I used it . The shipping cost to take advantage of the warranty was over half what I paid for it to begin with .
 The second time I used this fryer , it stopped heating . I loved the way it came apart and you could put the pieces in the dishwasher , but if it craps out , the nice design is useless .
 I bought this at a local big box store . I used it 3 times and it quit working . In the manual it says there 's a reset button , but it does n't actually exist . To send it back to Rival themselves , you have to pay shipping both ways , costing approximately 1/2 of the purchase price . Search for this model before buying it . There are MANY problems with it .
 We were happy with this unit for the first few uses , but after we took it apart to clean it , it stopped working . We attempted all of the troubleshooting suggestions , but still nothing . The manual made a promise of a reset button on the back of the control unit , but did not illuminate where such a reset button might be.After searching for the button for awhile , I called Rival . The customer service representative on the phone held fast to the idea of a reset button , but could not illuminate where such a reset button might be . Her final suggestion was that I return the unit to the store , which appears to be how our relationship with this fryer will conclude .
 Complete junk . My poor neighbor brought this to me to see if I could fix it . Besides being a piece of junk , it is unrepairable . Never buy another Rival product .
 Had another version of the Honeywell QuickSteam and loved it . Other version had little pads that collected the mineral deposits , really extending the time between needing to shut the unit down to soak in vinegar for cleaning . This version does n't have the pads and is much the worse for it .
 I purchased two of these humidifiers in December -- One is still workingthe other one seems to have noHoneywell HWM450 Quick Steam Warm Moisture Humidifierelectrical connection . My husbandtested it with an electrical testing device ... . It costs $ 10.00 pluspostage to send it back . I 'm hoping the other one stays working andwe can use the faulty one for parts . I do n't believe in paying even $ 10.00 plus postage to have something fixed that is less than six months old . I like the warm steam but would not purchase this again bymail . A brick and mortar store would take it back and replace it at nocost .
 Worked great for about 4 weeks . One day the refill light would not shut off , so I cleaned it , thinking it was about time . Inside , I found that the filter pad had disintegrated to a disgusting brown mush , and the plate had melted one side of the plastic housing , and half the plate was covered by an almost un-removable layer of minerals . We have pretty soft water here , so this is extreme . I suspect the problem is in the wiring or sensors since nothing I do appears to help.One review I saw somewhere when I was looking for answers said that hers works fine if she rinses the filter pad out once a week . This is supposed to replace that old HMW2030 ?? That machine could go at least 6-8 weeks without cleaning and never needed a single filter or pad . I have one that is still going strong.Many reviews I saw complained about the machine breaking after a short time -LRB- if only I had read them before buying -RRB- . I would not recommend the 330 to anyone.So now what ? Honeywell does make a model that is much better
 Lasted only a few seasons and became inoperable due to leaks and very poorly designed electronics , very clumsy unit to handle and set up .
 My humidifier worked for a season , then started leaking all over the place . I would not recommend .
 After using it for only one season it began leaking from melted plastic next to the heating element .
 I bought it early 2012 , and just unpacked it for 2013 season , only to find it had disintegrated inside . So it lasted just one season .
 My humidifier lasted exactly 1 night before it started leaking . Despite the surface being level , the humidifier is discharging too much water and it 's coming out of the sides . Wish I had looked the model up first . I do n't think I 'll even bother contacting the manufacturer . I 'm going to take a baseball bat to this thing and reclaim some satisfaction that way . Can not wait to destroy it .
 This product is not reliable at all . According to the manual , it suppose to automatically stop as soon as it is out of water , but it does not . It keeps going when there is no water left in tank , making it really dangerous to leave it alone in the room.It looks like Honeywell is `` famous '' with its electronic problems . And it is not just humidifiers . The thermostats are as well . This was my last time to deal with Honeywell . No more !!!
 it really was great while they worked . copious moisture -LRB- and the version I had , good controls , Low , med , high , and humidity settings.but , something fries , and it 's just garbage . After # 2 , I gave up . -LRB- Bought the 2nd thinking it was a fluke that the first died ... I 'd liked how well it worked . -RRB- My suggestion
 This humidifier is now worth purchasing . It does not cover the square feet it indicates and the entire tank seems to get used in less than 10 hours . I am constantly refilling it . I had better usage from a humidifier I bought at Walgreens with half the tank size . I just do n't recommend this item as it does not meet any of the indicators listed .
 Clearly a lot of people have had problems with this unit . When mine failed after about 6 weeks of use , I dug into it to see what was up . It ends up that the overheat protection on this thing is n't real great . The first layer of overheat protection is provided by a sensor integrated into the heating element . I ca n't tell exactly , but it seems from the element manufacturer 's literature -LRB- ... -RRB- that the device sends a cut off signal between 250 and 300 C , per the chart on page 4 . However , Honeywell used an NEC-Schott SF214E thermal cutoff as a backup device . This fails permanently if it 's heated to 214 C . In other words , the backup , `` sacrifice the machine and not the house it 's in '' device fails before the normal operation re-settable thermal cutoff . As a result , the device will probably stop working the first time it runs dry . Do n't buy it .
 Of four units that were sent , three failed after one or two nights ' use . Do n't bother .
 Unfortunately , my experience was the same as most other reviewers . I only got two months use out of the unit before it stopped working completely
 I bought a new Honeywell Quicksteam -LRB- HWM-330 -RRB- several months ago from a local store , to help keep our bedroom at a comfortable humidity . The humidifier worked well enough , but less than a week after we had been using it , the unit would n't turn on again the morning after we used it.We suspected the problem was that the unit burned out after having used up its water supply during the night . To their credit , Honeywell sent us a brand new unit after we sent the broken one back to them . But once again , the new unit died after running out of water overnight , less than a week after we had received our second unit.It would be one thing if they had advertised the unit as NOT having an auto shut-off feature . In that case , we never would have purchased it ; however , we 've had two units die after less than two weeks of CUMULATIVE use , and for the same reason . As such , I strongly recommend AGAINST purchasing this humidifier .
 We were happy with this humidifier for a short while , after 4 months , it does not work anymore , no light , no power , no warm mist.The warm mist is better than other types for few reasons : - Less germs , the water boils before getting into the air - No spare part , filter to buy every so often ... - In winter , the warm mist warms your room as well , so you need less heat . - Quiet , I repeat QUIET . No like the fan things.Too bad this product is of such poor quality that after 4 month of light usage , it is dead.The product is manufactured by Kaz , and the warranty is pretty much useless as you have to pay for shipping and send a $ 10 check !!! What kind of warranty is that?So , to sum up my advice , buy a warm mist humidifier , but not this brand .
 This is a pathetic excuse for a product . Did n't even last three weeks . Just quit working with no way to fix . To claim the warranty , the manufacturer wants the customer to pay to ship the item back , PLUS AN EXTRA $ 10 `` HANDLING '' FEE ! I 'm already out $ 50 for a defective product , why should I lose even more gambling that the next unit will work ? This is going out to the trash !
 2/02/06 This humidifier did n't work correctly from the start . It would run a couple hours and shut itself off leaving a red light blinking , and the humidistat never did seem to work . After a couple weeks of use the humidifier stopped working completely . Terrible product.UPDATE 2/27/06 : Replacement humidifier arrived from Kaz . I unpacked it & found someone 's used humidifier which still had medicine residue in the medicine cup ! I filled it with water , plugged it in and ... nothing . No lights or anything . Another call to Kaz customer service and they said no , I should n't have received a used unit , blah blah blah . Anyway , I 'm supposed to ship this back for a replacement . They said they 'll reimburse my shipping -LRB- but wo n't issue a call tag -RRB- and said I can request a different model humidifier as replacement . We 'll see . When I returned my defective humidifier I had included a letter requesting a different model and instead they sent me this used piece of trash ... UPDATE 4/12/06 : Received another replacement humidifier from Kaz . This one is a Honeywell HWM-255 . Fortunately , this one appears to be brand new . Unfortunately , this model is rated 2.5 / 5 stars on Amazon and it sounds like it suffers from the same unreliability problems the HWM-330 suffers from . I truly do n't know why Honeywell allows their name to be used on these . I am glad just to finally get a new replacement humidifier , but I will never knowingly buy a product manufactured by or sold by Kaz again .
 This humidifier worked for 24 hours , then would not work at all .
 I would have given this NO stars if I could have . This humidifier seemed to work well for about 6-8 months -- we used it for a couple of weeks at a time when colds struck someone in our household , only in the evenings . Then , the unit just stopped working . I can get the lights to turn on , as if it is about to work , but no steam emerges . After going through 2 different models of these modern , automatic shut-off steam humidifiers , I give up . I 'm going back to the old school version my parents used when I was a kid . It was n't pretty , but one humidifier work throughout my entire childhood .
 Although this machine delivers an adequate amount of humidity as needed , its thermal overload protective device failed , leaving the machine inoperable . This is an unacceptable design flaw . Do n't buy it .
 The humidifier works well . It takes a few days of adjusting both dials to get the humidity set to the desired level . At first it will go through the water like crazy , but once you get it set right , it uses less . My only complaint and the reason I returned this is the tank is awkward to fill . The cap is on the underside , so after you fill it , it needs to be turned upside down to screw the cap on . The problem with that is the top of the tank is curved , so you need to make sure to hold it otherwise it will fall and spill . It is also heavy since it holds so much . I prefer theVicks UV 99.999 % Germ Free Humidifier . It does cost more , but I think it is worth it . It has two tanks that hold a comparable amount of water in total and they are flat on the top so they can be set down when filling .
 As another reviewer pointed out , this is a dud . The only good thing about this is that it could put out A LOT of steam when it worked . However , this thing had problems right out of the box . It would start spitting out scalding water out the bottom front to form a large puddle . It damaged my wood floors in two places . It was under warranty , so the Honeywell customer service -LRB- KAZ -RRB- was good enough to replace it with a new unit , but I had to send mine back at my own expense.Then even the new one started to spit out water , so now I had damage in two separate areas of my hardwood flooring . By the time I got a replacement , the winter was pretty much over anyway , so I stored it away . I pulled it out to use it again , and decided I would deal with the problem of it spitting out water by putting a tray underneath it to protect my floor . This worked for about 2 weeks before the unit completely died . It turns on , but only for a few seconds before it shuts itself off . I hardly used this thing . In fact , it still looks brand new . This has to be the most unreliable POS appliance I have ever bought . It 's going in the trash now , and I just ordered a new ultrasonic humidifier , based on a Consumer Reports review . We 'll see how that one works .
 I 've had 2 of these already - in the past few years . And when it ` works ' it 's great . BUT , I always ended up with it failing to work/start seemingly due to electrical sensors/contacts -LRB- i.e. it would not turn on -RRB- . I do n't want to have to buy a new one every 2 years ...
 It stopped working in less than 3 weeks since arrival ... It should have a less than one star rating
 The product lasted exactly two days before it ceased to operate . Called the manufacturer 's service number and followed their advice and advice on user 's manual , but no success . Obviously a common experience judging by others ' comments . Should have read the reviews before ordering . Now I have to pack it up and return to Amazon ! Amazon should take the item off their site .
 Purchased this product and it was defective after 2 weeks . Still waiting on Kaz Incorporated -LRB- the manufacturer 's reseller -RRB- to refund my money or send me a replacement product . Please do not purchase this product !
 This coffee supposedly is premium , it tastes watery -- very thin . Not good at all . Maybe old ?? Not sure , it was a waste , and I 'm using it line the bottom of my sitting shoes and trash cans and rained-on luggage , to absorb the smells . So I used it , but not to drink . Do not buy .
 I bought this unit at Costco , and the third time using it , I was happily steaming away one minute , and then the steam stopped . The water was full . The power light was on ... I could even hear the unit gently gurgling , but no more steam came out . I 've tried switching power sources , changing out the water , investigating to see if anything is clogging the intake , but I can find nothing , and the unit does n't even get warm when I plug it in . I 'm returning it to Costco next week for a new one ... Hopefully this is just a one-off problem , because I really liked it and found it much more convenient and easier than ironing .
 I 've asked for this product for my birthday present . I was so hyped up and exited . Even though I got so many steam burns that I started steaming wearing gloves , I was happy . About half a year later things went sour . The steam comes out in short bursts , it took longer and longer between the burts to produce steam and then it started leaking form the canister . Now it takes 30-40 min to steam one pair of dress pants and I have to have it in some sort of a tub because it tends to leak more that it steams . I hate it . I wish I could return it but I had it for 1,5 years . I will be buying a new one but an in built water canister will be mandatory .
 I thought this would be quicker that ironing . It 's not . It does n't get rid of wrinkles as well as I 'd hoped . How disappointing !! The name of this item is misleading . I would hardly call it a ` professional fabric steamer ' .
 maybe I was being impatient but this steamer would take 15 minutes or more to do one linen shirt . I sent it back
 We purchased this model after our old Conair died on us after about 5 years . This one seemed pretty good for the first 8-9 months although I agree with others that the included hangar is pretty useless and we always seemed to be hanging up the steam tube backwards for some reason . The last months of it 's short life , it began sputtering water out of the steam handle and would only output about 10 seconds of steam at a time with another 10-20 seconds of nothing . The last month or so it began leaking water from underneath the unit . In it 's a last day , about a 1/2 gallon water poured out all over our carpeted closet while we were gone . I 'm not sure if we had a defective unit with a crack in it somewhere or if anyone else has had this happen , but it looks like we 'll be replacing it with a different brand .
 I have been using a hand held steamer for a couple of years and decided it was time to upgrade to a more serious one . The Conair worked wonderfully for 2 weeks , then it just stopped working . No power light , so steam , no amount of fiddling will make it work .
 We bought this juicer about six weeks ago and it 's been the worst juicer ever !!! It 's very cheaply made . The first time we put it in the dishwasher , the insert used to push food into the blades warped and it will no longer fit inside the tube . One use and it 's done . Do n't waste your money , it 's a piece of junk !!!
 This thing leaks like crazy ... I wish it had a top handle instead of the side , because when you tip it over , it 's just a mess . Sad , because other than the leak factor , the rest of the materials on it are super . Very sturdy and solid . I guess I 'm going to use mine as a pitcher now or something . It 's still really good keeping things hot , you just ca n't tip it over without leaking .
 After a year of limited use , my Thermos now leaks every time I pour coffee . It has never been in a dishwasher , never been dropped , and not used that much . I expected more .
 I bought this Thermocafe along with the smaller .5 liter version , and both stopped working in less than 6 months . Apparently the vacuum seals are made made of a cheap grade of plastic , and wear out quickly . Hot drinks are not kept hot , and cold drinks do not not stay cold .
 The top plastic stopper is two pieces of plastic glued together which is apparently prone to leakage . This thermos leaks like crazy when you try to pour . This began immediately .
 A few years ago , I decided I wanted a thermos . It was a toss-up between this , and the classic green Stanley one . I chose this one because it has two removable rings at the opening , so you can really clean the inside . The smaller ring is adequate for pouring . Also , I like the collapsible handle.But , it does leak if laid down . I recently noticed the outer/larger ring has a crack , kind of along the threads . I 'm not sure how long it 's been like that.I do n't know how well it holds hot/cold temperatures . I always nuke my coffee/tea . Otherwise , it has lasted a long time , so it 's worthy of two stars . Next time , I 'll try the Stanley .
 I picked this thermos up as it was the only model available at WallyMart . I have very low standards when it comes to thermoses . However , I am quite disappointed with this particular model , and am very surprised that Thermos would promote such a product.My biggest gripes are the fact that the unit does not retain its temperature for very long . I use ice-cold water for 10 minutes to pre-treat the inside stainless steel , and then I add my smoothie contents , which are already very cold . I am not able to make it 5 hours into my work day without the smoothie getting to be room temperature.When I touch the side of the thermos , I can feel the coldness that is supposed to be inside the canister . That is not good ! This means the cold is transferring to the outside cylinder , so my contents are not being maintained very well -LRB- bad energy efficiency -RRB- . Like others wrote , I am also disappointed in how it leaks . I have grown accustomed to shaking the contents of my smoothie before I drink it . But as I unscrew the main cap -LRB- there are two caps you can open -RRB- , the liquid starts dripping off the cap and onto my table unless I remember to keep the cap over the canister so it can catch the drips.I like the apparent sturdiness of the product , but the canister fails horribly on maintaining its temperature and not making a clean pour . Since the thermos is brand new , I do not believe it is a gasket issue , as others have found to be problematic after months of use.In my opinion , Buyer beware !
 Worked great for about 3 months then developed a leak . It started leaking from the main seal at the top . Leaks everytime I pour a new glass . Also , the smaller inset lid needs to be tourqued down very tight to prevent leaks . The Thermocafe was never in the dishwasher , never dropped and never used to store hot liquids . I only used mine for iced tea . Just seems to be a bad design with the leaky seals .
 I purchased this set form Bed Bath and Beyond over the summer - six months later I CAN NOT cook anything right on them . Even eggs stick , I got all the cleaners they suggested as well as lowered my heat while cooking but nothing works . I 've never had to scrub pans so hard after making simple dishes . My kitchen aid pan from walmart cooks better than this 350 dollar set.DO NOT BUY !
 This cookware set is a huge disappointment ! I was so excited to have this fancy brand that had terrific reviews . I have now owned it for almost 2 years and am completely disappointed . Foods that would n't stick to stainless stick to this stuff ! However , the biggest problem for me is that the surface of pot I used most often -LRB- several days a week -RRB- is deteriorating . I was n't paying too much attention to it , but my husband pointed out that the surface is entirely gone in some areas . Yikes ! That particular pot is now retired , and I am searching for a new stainless steel set to buy because I am concerned the rest of the set is on its way out too .
 It was sunday morning , picked up the set saturday night with the wife . Had a great idea . I could make the crepes my family loves so much . Whipped up the mix , got all the various berries together . Started cooking . Well , ok so I ca n't flip my crepes for show anymore , but HEY they do not stick at all . Cool . Make about 15 crepes and then wake everyone up for breakfast . Now comes the cleanup . I washed the pan with the other dishes , and while drying them noticed some residue around the top inside edge . Hmm , guess I will need to use the nylon pad , into the water again , scrub scrub , dry . Still the residue . Maybe more elbow grease . . Scrub REALLY hard . No joy . The wife comes in and asks what 's up ? She tries , -LRB- obviously I dont know how to clean ... -RRB- . Same problem when drying there is a sticky residue around the entire edge . We get out the barkeepers friend that came with the set , yup it 's clean now . Oh and by the way , all the pieces are in their boxes to be returned today . I 'm picking up a set of all-clad . I ca n't believe that such a simple thing as butter would cause such a cleaning nightmare . I could see maybe the crepe getting stuck -LRB- which they didnt -RRB- but butter ? Come on who doesnt use it ? Very disappointed with this set . Like I said , we will be getting some stainless that was recommended by the salesperson who said she had tried the ONE also and was not happy with cleanup . Mind you the food did not stick , on that part I think its a great product , but I cant keep special chemicals around just for the cookware , I 'm just too lazy for that . I have better things to do with the 90 minutes after breakfast .
 I have owned this set for 5 years . It was a wedding present and I must say that it has not held up to the test of time . Almost immediately , the set began to show scratches and signs of stress . I was very disappointed in the quality of this product given the price .
 I was so excited to get the 10-piece set . Then , to much major disappointment , everything sticks to the frying pans ! And DO NOT blame the cook . I 'm so tired of other reviewers and Calphalon blaming the customer . That 's an old marketing ploy to make customers feel inadequate , and I 'm not buying it.Yes , I freaking know this is not nonstick , so shut up . Yes , I have followed the directions to a tea each and every time I 've used the pans
 We had registered for All-Clad pans for our wedding last year , and decided to go with a Calphalon commercial nonstick set instead . The person helping us highly recommended the Calphalon One infused anodized set instead , and said the demonstrations he had seen were fantastic . We bought that set and have had it for nearly a year . We hardly ever use it , however , because things stick so badly , even with oil . While the set looks quite nice and cleans up easily enough with soaking and Bar Keeper 's Friend , I 'm very disappointed with how it cooks and would love to be able to return it .
 I am glad I bought the single 10 '' fryer before buying the entire set . It sticks like crazy . I have never been so dissapointed with a product . One star is too much for this piece of crap . $ 100 for a pan that sticks like this ? No thank you . I have tried butter and sprays like Pam ... stick stick stick . I have cooked steak , pork , and fish ... stick stick stick . I fried a fatty sausage ... stick stick stick . Sheesh . I have some $ 10 pans that do n't stick as much . Spend your money elsewhere . This is n't the product it claims to be .
 Just as the title says , everything sticks to this cookware . You ca n't even fry an egg in the skillet . It stinks and the personnel at the company were smart ass and rude . I will never buy another product from calphalon or any subsidiary they may own .
 To me the whole purpose of purchasing high end cookware is to make cooking and clean up a snap . With this product it 's not dish washer safe so you always have to clean with hot soapy water . What a colossal waste of time .
 We have had our 10 pc . set for 11 days and already two of the fry pans have small nicks in the inside surface . The nicks could not be reproduced once the pans were cold , so I can only guess that the polymer infused surface , once hot , become soft and vulnerable . We followed all instructions on using the pans - low heat , pre-heating , etc. . One pan we have used daily to cook eggs . The other we used once . We wanted a set that tolerated metal utensils , so this set was especially appealing . Unfortunately , the nicks indicate that these pans do not hold up to regular use with metal . When we took the pans into the store , they agreed to refund our cost . They also said no one else had brought pans in with the same complaint .
 After careful consideration and after reading these `` 5 star '' reviews , which BTW had to have been written by Calphalon employees themselves , because this cookware is terrible ! EVERYTHING STICKS ! My pots and pans look like they have been used 20 years . I went with this particular item because of the teflon/cancer links , and I wanted to use metal cooking utensils . The material the cookware is made out of is very porous , its very hard to rinse even soap out of , and very soft when heated . It is very easy to nic this metal with little force , and the actual cooking surface makes everything stick . Its hard to scrub clean and has never looked clean since I first used it . I have tried the Bartenders scrub , nothing works . I 've done everything the manufaturer recommeded and this cookware set has left me EXTREMELY dissappointed ! SPEND YOUR MONEY SOMEWHERE ELSE !!! Shame shame Calphalon , your name use to mean something to me !!
 Like others stated , everything sticks except water -LRB- which discolors the pans from the calcium deposits -RRB- . There is no excuse for making these so difficult to use ... preheat , postheat , cool down , let the food rest . Sorry , I just want to make some eggs - not a science experiment . Besides , all the tricks in the world does not keep the food from sticking . The clean up is labor intensive every time you use a pan - soak overnight then the next morning scrub your brains out with bar keeps friend with mediocre results.I 'm convinced The Emperor Has No Clothes with this one . I paid double the Amazon price a couple of years ago and I 'm taking the loss and moving on . I just got a set of non stick Kitchen Aid pans for 1/4 the cost of the Calphalon One .
 These pans are really bad ... Firstly they are non-stick ... no I mean really food attracting . Second they came pre-scratched ... Find something better ... I 'm taking my loss and moving on to another brand . Never again ...
 I bought the 13 '' skillet about 2 and a half months ago and am very disappointed to find that there are nicks and chips in the inside surface of the pan . I never used any metal implements sharper than a table fork and didnt scrape hard with that , mostly only used a plastic spatula on it . Cleaned only with a Scotch-Brite pad as recommended by the manufacturer.Pan still works fine but I have stopped using it because of the damage to the cooking surface since I do n't want to eat the advanced polymer . Plan to send it back to Calphalon with a letter of complaint.I thought these pans were my dream come true , a semi-nonstick pan that would stand up to everyday use without damage -- but it 's really not much better than a cheap teflon nonstick counterpart . Do n't waste your money !
 I bought a whole set of caphalon one sort of on an impulse a couple years ago based on what a salesperson at William Sonoma said . I find them very easy to clean following the manufacture 's recommended cleaning methods . I do n't find the food sticks too much . It is similar in performance to my 20 year old magnalite -LRB- out of buisness -RRB- or stainless pans I 've used . To limit sticking you 'll still need good cooking technique . It is n't like a non-stick pan but you 'll get better browning than non-stick . I try to treat the pans very well , but even so they are getting small dents in the bottoms of them . I do n't even understand where they might be coming from . I do n't see any such damage to my regular old stainless pans or any of my other anodized pans , which are much older . They still cook ok , but I 'm worried about longevity , and it is n't going to help with food sticking .
 I tried to like these pans , I tried really hard . I did my research before I bought these and found mostly good reviews . I decided they must be worth the investment . I liked the fact that these were `` low stick '' , easy to clean , and metal utensil safe . I followed the directions perfectly -LRB- preheating the pan , letting the food rest on the counter before adding to the pan etc -RRB- and no matter what I did , the food stuck horribly - and I mean HORRIBLY . Worse than my plain ol' stainless pans . As far as clean up goes , Calphalon advertises that all you need to keep them clean is a dishrag and hot soapy water . They say that occassionally you 'll need to use some Bar Keeper 's friend on them to keep them completely clean and residue-free . Well the only way I could really get them clean was to use Bar Keeper 's friend on them every single time . If I did n't use the bar keeper 's friend , there would be a residue visible only when the pan was completely dry . Yes initially clean up seems easy , because if you let them soak whatever is stuck on -LRB- and trust me everything sticks -RRB- will slide right off , but you 'll still need to use Bar Keeper 's friend to get them completely clean . Even something so simple as cooking pasta in a pot , would leave a starchy residue that only came off with Bar Keeper 's . Washing these pans was a huge chore . You ca n't use them to fry anything - eggs , potatoes , bacon etc , because the food will stick horribly . Also , these pans are heavy . I know some people may like that , but these are REALLY heavy and I have arthritis in both hands so this was also a problem . After two months of using them I was extremely disappointed and disgusted at the amount I spent on this set due to the fact they are just horrible to use . Finally , I called Bed Bath & Beyond where I purchased them , and they let me return them ! So I strongly urge anyone considering to buy these , buy them from Bed Bath and Beyond and save your receipt , the packaging , and whatever bonus gifts you receive . At least that way you can return them and get your money back if you have the same experience I did . I ended up buying a $ 99 Cuisinart Pro Nonstick cookware set and I am much happier with that , then this $ 579 set ! My new non-stick cookware fries beautifully , and is wonderful to clean up .
 Does anyone think this is non stick or is it stainless steel with a color coating ? I thought I was making a smart decision but I can not cook anything , stir fry , deep fry without food sticking to the bottom.I would not recommend you waste your money on inferior product . Spend less and get non stick .
 I bought this set a couple of days ago , and I am completely disappointed . Actually , I did n't buy the whole set since it contained a lot of pots and pans whose size deemed them unusable by any standard , so I picked out pots and pans that I imagined would be most necessary in daily use . I ended up buying three infused anodized pots/pans and the rest were non stick , all from Calphalon One line . I used two pots so far and followed all the instructions regarding preheating , cleaning , etc. , yet I had the worst experience ever with any cookware . After cleaning the pot and drying it , I noticed some violet patches at the bottom of it that would not come off regardless of what I tried . I called the customer service , and they told me that this was a `` normal reaction to heat '' and that it would come off . It did not ! I have not even tried out the other pans , but after this experience , my only plan for this cookware is to return it ASAP . Also , I was n't able to sear or deglaze any of the meat , the cooking time was much longer than with other cookware that I have used , the pots did n't react fast enough to heat changes and the food did n't taste any different . What a disappointment !
 I am chef trained at the Culinary Institute of America . When I got married over a year ago I put these pans on my registry excited to finally have a really good set of pans like my parents . I was looking for the perfect pan that combines restaurant quality with home ease . Overall , they have been a big dissapointment . The 12 fry pan lost the flat bottom after it 's first use . Food does stick to the bottom of the pans . I have learned if you leave the food , like a piece of chicken , in the pan till it 's almost burn point , then , and only then , does it become `` non stick . '' I will use these pans for a few years and then trade in to Calphalon under the warranty to something different .
 I am nothing close to a professional cook , but was really taken in by the reviews and descriptions of this new Calaphalon line . So I splurged ... While I do love the durability and ability to use metal utensils , I just ca n't get over how badly things stick - everything from eggs to pancakes to burritos to sauteed spinach . No matter how much butter and oil I use , no matter how I try to follow their instructions of letting the food `` warm '' for 10 minutes outside of the fridge before cooking , etc , I 've just never seen such sticking . Maybe you need to be a better cook to appreciate these pans ... I just want to be able to cook omelettes . Guess I should have gone with non-stick .
 The ultra catchy advertisement of this `` revolutionary '' cookware and reading the positive reviews were enough for me to buy the Calphalon 10-piece set . I searched all over to find a vendor that delivers overseas and had the set shipped in . The high price PLUS the high shipping charges -LRB- overseas ! -RRB- and customs did n't matter . I had to have it ! After a month of trial , I am DEEPLY disappointed . I CAN NOT believe Calphalon advertised them as NON-STICK . Everthing STICKS . It sticks so much , everything from meat to fish disintegrates into burnt glue on the surface . Now I can hardly understand where these people with racing reviews are coming from . What are you people cooking ?!?!?
 This is my review and advise to all looking to buy this set or any item of the new line Calphalon one.I bought the 7 qt and the 11 inch square skillet . In terms of clean up not bad . . it is realitivly easy to clean and as they say it is n't nonstick . The meat brown great . I do notice it seems you get a little stain on it after you wash it with soap and water but it disapears when you use barkeepers friend like they say . -LRB- it came with samples -RRB- but you have to use it all the time . -LRB- I never had this problem with stainless.Problems . I had to return the 7 qt pan because it had a dent in the cover . -LRB- Not a scratch on the box -RRB- . Well the wife and I racked it up to just dumb luck until we decided to shell out the cash for the set and found 2 covers damaged . one had the dent smaller than the 7qt one . The other had fine half swerlls on the inside cover . One of the pots on the top edge was dented and the edge was sharp ... That one had the anodized coating applied on it.The QC -LRB- Quality control -RRB- has disapointed me . I returned the whole set . but I am keeping the ones I have bought to try . -LRB- My advise as for know inspect the pots before taking them home It may take some time but it will be well worth it .
 I thought this was exactly what I was looking for and was easy to put together . However , the trunk pieces do n't stay screwed together so the tree is constantly leaning to one side . Very disappointing and really only worth $ 10 .
 I read other reviews before buying , and to say the arms are loose is an understatement . They wobble . And the gold finish is spray paint which comes off on your hands when you touch it . Save your money .
 I was not happy with the product and returned it . The individual rods did not fit into the holes and the stand therefore did not stan up straight . Not like the picture at all .
 Do NOT buy this!I was very disappointed on receiving this ornament stand . The arms do NOT fit solidly in the slots and wiggle left and right AND to and fro . I can not imagine how this piece got so many good reviews . I question that they are true reviews.Unfortunately because I have unpacked it , I can not return it . I 'm trying to recoup my investment by using a silicon glue to stabilize the arms but have no idea if that will work . I think this is $ 30 down the drain .
 Be careful ordering from this provider . Maybe it 's because it says poster `` print '' , but they should at least get a better color copier or something . Extremely poor quality . The whole thing was just blurred garbage .
 This is the most useless piece of junk I 've ever had . Nothing fits in . The shelves are spaced too close for the bottles of laundry supplies or cleaners to fit anywhere but the top one . It 's hard to roll , it wobbles and scratches anything it comes in contact with . Instead of Laundry room it sits in the garage and most likely will end up in the garbage truck soon .
 This is a great idea , but its really flimsy . If you plan on putting laundry detergent on top -LSB- that 's the only place it will fit -RSB- then you need to have heavier things on the bottom two shelves or it tips when you pull it out . Also , the hooks that connect the shelves fell off repeatedly . My husband had to zip-tie them on .
 For the price , I guess I should n't be surprised , but this is a very flimsy cart . I bought it to use as a rolling spice rack , and the cart can barely handle the spice jars . The one side of the cart has already broken , and I 've had to tie it together . Plus , the wheels do n't roll smoothly . The picture shows it as a laundry cart , but I honestly do n't know how it would handle something as heavy as a detergent bottle . If that is your intended use , look for something made better .
 As the old saying goes `` You get what you pay for '' . This is the worst product I have ever purchased . The wires in which the baskets hangs from -LRB- they are not secured by anything so the baskets comes off too easily -RRB- are thin and flimsy and soldered to the sides . Some of them came broken , so there was nowhere to hang one of the baskets.I did n't return it because the amazon outer box in which it came was broken and to repackage I would have to purchase another box which is not worth purchasing to send back an $ 18 item . But I certainly will not recommend to anyone . You are better off by putting two tops of boxes together and creating your own , it will be sturdier or maybe the dollar store would sell something that would be better than this could every be .
 Product is cheaply made . The shelves do not actually attach to the sides . It wiggles anytime your ouch it . Only go thing I can say is that it does actually fit in the space I needed it and a three year old could have put it together .
 When I removed the product from the box , I found that several of the bars were broken , but figured it was just going to be used to hold spices so it was n't a huge concern . As I put it together , the shelves would n't fit in place securely and it started to wobble . As it wobbled , more bars broke off . This is a piece of junk , and I am sending it back for a refund .
 Was so excited to get this to add to my new apartment - bleck ! We thought we must have been missing something as once we put it together , it fell over . So wobbly , I ca n't imagine it could hold anything . Sending back immediately !
 There 's a reason it 's only half the price of its nearest competitor . The description says `` sturdy construction '' -- it 's lying .
 We bought a Sharp Convection Microwave several years ago and one of its flimsy plastic door latches broke . We found out the warranty did n't cover it -LRB- cosmetic item -RRB- and it would cost almost as much as a new one to fix it . We bought a shop manual for $ 35.00 and a new latch which we received nine months later from Sharp for $ 21.00 and installed it ourselves . It worked another 3 months then the turntable mechanism self incinerated causing final death of now out of warranty oven.You 'd think we would have learned , but we needed a new small microwave and the convection feature was really handy for us so we got one of these new small ones . It lasted one year and six months before a loud internal arcing sound signaled it 's terminal death.We have a couple lovely Panasonic microwaves that work perfectly year after year.The positive reviews for this oven reflect a very short term satisfaction . Reviewed after owning them a while would not yeild a satisfactory experience.The Sharp convection microwaves are total junk and should not be allowed to be sold .
 This microwave worked very well until the 13th Month . -LRB- one month after warranty for parts and labor -RRB- The microwave quit working . All the other features work fine but the microwave quit heating . I was told by Sharp that I need to call a local repair shop , which I did . Sharp will replace the magnatron but will not cover the labor which is just about the cost of a standard microwave . Too bad for me . Anyways it 's decision time to see if we want all the features this has and spend about 100.00 or buy new . I must say that I have never had a microwave oven quit after only 1 year , even a cheap one . Not sure if I just got a bad unit or just not a good durable unit to begin with .
 I 've had this product for just a few days and so far the convection features work well . However , the microwave is sub-par . For example , it takes twice as long to pop microwave popcorn as my old $ 30 Emerson microwave . The result is that the popcorn burns more than it pops . In general , the microwave seems underpowered . This is a pity because the * combined * microwave/convection functionality is precisely why someone would buy this product , and why I give it only a 2-star rating . The poor microwave performance raises questions about Sharp 's quality control standards , in general . Finally , it 's also difficult to discern which auto-settings utilize microwave vs. convection heating , and thus difficult to know what materials -LRB- e.g. , foil vs. paper -RRB- are safe as a cover for the dish being prepared .
 only lasted for a year and a half and would n't grill a steak like the previous 2 sharp micro convection would that I owned ... this one was like baking meat not grilling ... it would do chicken or any meat that took a hour or so to cook OK but failed miserably on anything thin or needed high heat to brown quickly ... look elsewhere because this model sucks
 It only worked for a week then died while heating water . Been in the shop getting fixed now for about 3 weeks , waiting for 2 parts . I have used Sharp convection microwaves in the past and was expecting the same excellent quality . What a disappointment . Do n't buy this oven . Continue searching .
 I have had this product about 14 months now and am beginning to get worried that this may be a fire hazard . I am going to write the company and see if it is a defect or a common occurrance . What is happening is ; if I use the convection or baking options the entire top surface and part of the back gets extremely hot and begins to smell like it will catch on fire ! Almost like a new oven or toaster smells when you first use it but this happens all the time . I have granite counters and ceramic tile backwash so feel a bit protected but have still moved it to a corner where it is about 12 inches away from the wall . I stopped using those functions . Now when I use the microwave -LRB- not all the time mind you -RRB- it will sometimes do it ! I have tried to figure a pattern out -LRB- i.e. how long , etc -RRB- but have n't figured one out . It also will blow the breaker . So I had an eletrician come check the outlet out figuring that was the issue all along ; no and it was n't the breaker either . So I am not able to recommend this product . If the company says it 's a defective appliance , replaces it and I have no problems I will come back rate it again . 31 Aug 12 I have talked with Sharp and they have tried very hard to find an authorized repair center that is close to me but the closest is at least 2 hours away . The only other options available were for me to pay out of pocket to see what was wrong and if it was fixable . Then contact Sharp and go on from there . I did n't want to go through that hassle . The other option was to see if they could find a local repair company they could contract with but they did n't feel they would find someone that would want to work with them . Not sure why . But Amazon.com has be so very gracious and professional and are taking the unit back for a full refund even though it is outside their return window ! Their customer service team was extremely helpful and courteous ! The whole process took less than 30 minutes !!! I have been a customer of Amazon for a long time and will continue to do so ! So as for the product , ca n't say it is a one time issue or a flaw in the product . UCnNC .
 Had this microwave for 2 years . The grill feature gives VERY uneven results - stick to your bbQ grill . It takes a long time to heat anything up and as I found out this week - it can not pop a bag of popcorn - even a small bag . Each snack size popcorn bag took 5 minutes and then less than half the kernels popped.Will be replacing this with anything but a Sharp .
 Bought this based on the good reviews and it is on its way back to Amazon now . I expected some reduction in quality based on its multifunctional use , but this applicance was practically useless for basic family cooking.Convection
 The order arrived quick enough from Amazon . This was for a new microwave , but the box had been opened before and improperly taped up . When it arrived the packing foam had broken down from the shifting of the microwave in the box , but everything was with all the parts.Two weeks later the microwave stopped working , the platform would rotate and the lite would stay on , but they could not be stopped and food could not be cooked . If the microwave was unplugged and plugged back in , it did the same thing . Getting to sharp technical support was quick and easy with a 1-800 number.There is no one to repair sharp microwaves in the new orleans area , we would have to drive the microwave 2 hours away , or find a box , pack it ship it at our expense.After talking with friends , we found that there was a authorized repair center in the area that sharp was not telling people about . We called Sharp again and got them to allow us to have this repair center come out and fix the microwave . Sharp would fax them the paperwork , and the company would come out Saturday to repair it.The company did not come out Saturday as promised , Monday we were told that they had not received the paper work from Sharp . We called Sharp back and had them fax us the paper work , we faxed it to the repair facility and they schedule a person to come out the following thursday . No one showed up Thursday , but we were finally able to get them to come out and fix a loose wire .
 I have never before had a Sharp product that I was not impressed favorably with . This thing has the tinniest cheap feel . It does not set level , and the door often needs an extra push on the upper right corner to shut properly . The microwave is not as fast as the one it replaced and the interior is small . The automatic programming is well thought out , though . It tells you just exactly what to do for things like setting the clock . After about three weeks it just abruptly quit . Not even lighting up . Thankfully I still had the old micro wave out in the garage and I brought it back into the kitchen . My wife and I were glad to see it . It is also a Sharp and is just in a whole different class for quality .
 This may do everything , but it takes so long it 's not worth the wait . It also takes up a lot of counter space . I am opting for two ovens - a small microwave and a small toaster oven .
 I got this because I wanted a convection oven/microwave and I had a sharp before and it worked great . This is a piece of crap . I have not had popcorn in a year it either burns it or does n't cook it . I cooked a chicken on convection mode . It was the worst piece of chicken I have ever had . It was like rubber , my cat would n't even eat it .
 This Sharp microwave/convection oven worked well as long as it lasted . After only 11/2 years of moderate use one day a burning smell developed . I completely cleaned the inside of the oven and metal plate to make sure there was no leftover/stuck on food that might have become burned . There was only a very small amount of residue from the cleaning so we really did n't think the smell was from burned food . We kept using it because the smell seemed to have dissipated but it reappeared again about a week later stronger than before . When I went to use it the second time after the smell reappeared , I pressed the start button , heard a click and that was it . It quit working completely . The touchpad and start buttons would not respond to touch at all . I unplugged it and waited a while before plugging it back in thinking it might have a reset function . This did nothing . It has since been replaced with a GE model that we 've had about 21/2 months which is getting returned to a local store tomorrow ! It still cooks but has developed an extremely loud drilling sound when in use ! Quite annoying and we are pretty sure something further will go wrong with this one too.We really did like the Sharp microwave/convection oven for the time we had it although I wished the 900 watt microwave would have been 1000 watts instead . We really liked our previous 1000 watt Sharp microwave we had for at least 10 years . Sharp has always been our appliance manfacturer of choice but we are hesitant to purchase another one now although they seem to still have the highest customer ratings . GE does n't seem to be better that 's for sure . Not sure what brand we 'll choose next . I 've been researching on Amazon today - it 's the best when it comes to item reviews ! What happened to the `` Good Old Days '' when an appliance lasted for many years ? By the way , our Sharp R-820JS was not purchased through Amazon.com , it was purchased locally at a discount supercenter .
 The oven appeared to be well made with many neat features , but it never worked as well as an inexpensive 11 year old Sears model it replaced . We returned it when it began arcing under the turntable , actually beginning to burn the driveshaft for the turntable . Amazon returns has made it painless - print out the return label , re-package & drop off at UPS . Hope the refund process works as well !
 I purchased this microwave to use during a kitchen remodel . I was hoping that the convection/microwave combination would be useful during the time when I did not have my built in ovens or microwave available . The first thing that we tried to use was the popcorn function and that was enough . HORRIBLE . Would not pop more than 1/4 of a bag of popcorn . If you tried to add more time to the automatic setting , it just burned it . Worthless . Also , reheating anything required a least twice the usual amount of time . The buttons were very un-user friendly and my children complained that `` it looked old-fashioned '' . I could not recommend this unit for anything . It was returned immediately . Very disappointed . I promptly purchased a similar sized Panasonic unit and have had no issues whatsoever .
 So based on good reviews I bought this microwave . It looks attractive in the picture but kind of cheap in real life . There is a large metal back that sticks out inches in the back of the unit making it very difficult to put on an average counter top . Also the backing -LRB- which sticks out like the back of an old tv set -RRB- makes where ever you place the microwave look out of place . So , I might be able to overlook this if it did a good job of grilling or baking while microwaving . My thought was that I would be able to turn on the microwave and grill or toast at the same time and get a better tasting dish faster . I was wrong . If you want to microwave and grill you only get 30 % of the microwave power ... and there is no way to change that ! So ... it is 70 % worse than a cheep 900 watt microwave at that setting . So if you want a 300 watt microwave -LRB- much weaker than any other microwave on the market -RRB- that warms up really really slow then this is your microwave . Or if you want a really slow expensive super large toaster oven you might want this . For me this unit was a big waste of money and worse than the 60 dollar microwave which was half the size but had as many cubic feet inside .
 Seems like Amazon didnt like my initial review -LRB- nothing offensive -RRB- , and they deleted it after 2 days keeping intact all the other positive reviews . Not even an email indicating why it was removed.Guess they are changing their practices after all.And there is no way to retrieve it either.Im not going to waste my time as last time , but a quick summary : Pros
 I have owned this oven for about 5 years . The genius who designed the program on this oven should work in a science lab and not be allowed in a real kitchen . Must have spent years experimenting with the exact timing and temp of all the different foods to set so many programs that are not accurate in my opinion.If you do n't follow the program in the manual , it will show `` ERROR '' and you have to start over . Temper ! Temper!The program I used often on this oven I stumbled on accidently and posted it on a card in plain sight.Example
 I have no opinion on how this cooks because I never turned it on . Opened the box and saw that 1 -RRB- the front of the microwave was cheap-looking silver plastic , and 2 -RRB- only the interior is actually stainless steel and so it did n't match anything in my kitchen . Sealed it up and sent it back to Amazon . If you read the description right you 'll see they disclose it 's only the interior that 's stainless , but definitely not what I was expecting for the price .
 The microwave itself worked great for almost a year , but when I called Sharp warranty service to get it replaced after it caught on fire and started billowing smoke , they told me I had to either bring it to an authorized service repair center 5 miles away -LRB- I live in Manhattan and use public transportation , so this is not just slightly inconvenient , it 's inconceivable -RRB- . Find a microwave that is n't a safety hazard .
 DO NOT BUY A SHARP OVER THE RANGE MICROWAVE . THEY HAVE TWO MODELS . THE LESS EXPENSIVE ONE IS MADE OF CHEAP PLASTIC THAT MELTS WITH THE HEAT FROM BELOW . THEY TRIED TO SOLVE THE PROBLEM BY INSTALLING A SHIELD , BUT I SPENT THREE MONTHS AGONIZING OVER IT AND NOW I AM GETTING A REFUND AND WILL BUY ANOTHER PRODUCT .
 I had to rate this item with one star because I was unable to use the product . There is no way I can express the functionality of the Sharp R-820JS microwave/convection oven , because I could not install it . If I had been told that it could not be installed over a heat source , I would not have purchased it . No where in the description of the oven was this noted . In all of the 35 reviews , no one said anything about not installing it over a range . I found out that it could not be installed over a heat source when I read the manual . That was too late ! I had already purchased the unit , and it was delivered . Perhaps this has happened to other people , but they have not written of their disappointment of not being able to use this product , due to the negative feature of this Sharp oven . Hopefully , this will prevent others from getting it and having to return it .
 This is an awful electric skillet . As mentioned , it does n't heat evenly , and it takes FOREVER to cook anything . The handles on the pan get hot like the rest of the pan , so it 's a little deceiving because you think you can just lift the pan off when you 're done , but instead you burn your hands . Do n't buy it !
 Great design in concept and appearance , but you would do better to hold a candle under a frying pan . This skillet is raised in center so oil and liquids run off to edges . Even after checking and re-checking to make sure that the pan was properly seated on the base , it took forever to brown pre-cooked breakfast sausage and even cook scrambled eggs while this thing was on high -LRB- 400 -RRB- . I 'll bet that had I left them in the pan and walked away , the skillet would not have been able to burn the eggs ! I 'm not going to keep it long enough to see whether the non-stick coating peels off after 3 or 4 uses as others have reported . What is most disappointing though , is that Rival continues to market this piece of garbage . They had to be aware of its performance long before making the decision to put it on the market , and that speaks volumes about the company .
 rival electric skillet with removable pan . it does not heat well . i ruined a dinner i could cook in my old electric skillet with great results . i was very disappointed . i threw away the heating element and have written rival to see if i can put the pan and lid in the oven , but have not had a reply .
 I loved this skillet the first two times I used it
 I agree with most of the other bad complaints about this product . The only good thing about the frying pan is that it comes off to clean . The bad part is that it does come off . The pan sits on the heating coils and does not get as hot as the pans with internal coils . This also makes the temperature setting worthless , as it is n't correct . You have to set it at 375 to cook something that would normally have a 325 setting . All in all , I would not recommend this product .
 The safety engineers have done it to us again . They have incorporated a safety button that prevents the element from heating if the pan is removed . The only problem is that the pan does not depress the button far enough for the unit to come fully on when the pan is in place ... it wo n't even boil a cup of water ! I defeated that safety feature by wadding up a piece of duct tape and jamming it in the recess then covering with another piece to keep the button depressed . Now it works perfectly !
 I bought this from what I thought was a reputable source , and I thought I would love the removable pan . I come up with a new reason to hate this pan every time I use it . First of all , the pan is warped so liquid flows to the edges . Then the heat is uneven , cooler on the edges , hotter in the middle , so if you want things cooked evenly , you must watch and rotate food to the hot parts of the pan . Lastly , it says it 's dishwasher safe , but when I put it upside down on the top rack , water collected on top of it so that I got splashed when I opened the dishwasher . Do n't buy this frustrating pan .
 We bought this skillet while on vacation , what a mistake , I agree with everyone else who gave this thing negative responses . The coating started to peel off after a couple of uses . I wish I could take it back to the store but we were in another state when we bought it . We plan on calling the company and complain but I do n't expect much success . DO NOT BUY THIS SKILLET !!!!!
 In addition to the crappy design and worse execution mentioned by other reviewers , this pan is out and out dangerous . The exposed element could easily injure , and injure seriously , if the user forgets that it 's hot , and pan is n't in place .
 This would have been a great product except for one problem . The pan has a raised center ! This makes it impossible to fry , as the oil settles in the edges of the pan with none left in the center . What were these designers thinking ?
 My rival pan immediately got bowed up in the middle the first time I used . it . It is no longer useable .
 I received the skillet as a christmas gift . It was paid for with my credit card.The heating element must be faulty , as the coils do n't turn red . It takes so long to cook anything . The bottom , -LRB- teflon coated -RRB- , is bubbling and I believe the teflon is coming off . I use wood or vinyl cooking utensils on it and it looks bad to me . The fact that the coils are not getting red , even at 400 degrees , leads me to think that have a faulty skillet . I feel that I should get my money back or a replacement . I am sure to put the pan on the coils properly but it is just a terrible disappointment to me as I have not had bad luck with other rival products I have bought . what or who do I contact to find some resolution to this problem ? Your help and advice will be truly appreciated . Phyllis Truscott e-mail ohl_laydie@yahoo.com
 I purchased this skillet at my local Meijer store and felt compelled to leave a review . I agree with the others . After seasoning the pan in advance -LRB- per instructions -RRB- , I made pancakes the next morning - it was a disaster . The center is slightly raised -LRB- probably to allow grease to drain -RRB- , but that caused my batter to spill to the sides . Even at 400 , it could n't hold the batter in the center of the pan or brown my pancakes ... well it could , but by the time the entire pancake was cooked on one side there was no need to flip it ! The concept is admirable -LRB- removable server -RRB- , but this may have been part of the reason it could n't hold heat . Plus it was more difficult to handle . The removable pan does n't lock in securely , so I had to remove two pieces of equipment from my cupboard instead of one.I 'm glad I had n't thrown out my old trusty pan . Planned obsolescence really stinks .
 We got a new Rival electric skillet and the heating element stopped working within months . The manufacturer sent a replacement and that , also , lasted just a few months . So we are now on our third heating element -LRB- the whole bottom part that plugs in - not the pan itself or the lid -RRB- and it has also failed . We 've had enough ! This item cost about $ 60 and we had great expectations for it . We also have a great need for it . But , we would rather work out another solution than to continue with the headaches of this product . If you decide to purchase this item , good luck to you!Details : This is the 12 x 16 '' model with the dial control that is not digital . The pan is removeable . The light still comes on when you turn the dial but the coil never heats . There is a small button on the heating element that matches up to a bump on the bottom of the pan and it is very obvious when you have the pan seated correctly .
 I purchased this to replace one I had for 14 years . What a waste of money . It does not brown chicken . Even at the 400 degree temp , the food takes forever to heat and cook . I am so ready to just toss this in the garbage . Rival should pay all owners a stipend to put up with this bad quality . Shame on them ! Whatever you do , DO NOT BUY !!
 For the price that I paid , I also expected a quality product . However , it is slow to heat and it never gets really hot enough . I agree with all the reviewers . I wish I 'd read the other product reviews as well . Looks like and is priced like a winner , but a total loser .
 I 've used this skillet occasionally and it quit working-only works if I push down it - suspect it has to do with the safety switch . Everything sticks to the pan and it 's not the easiest to store .
 I purchased this electric skillet when my old trusty electric skillet died . What a mistake ! The product is raised in the center , and as a result , any liquid , such as pancake batter or eggs , run to the sides . My biggest complaint is that EVERYTHING sticks to the pan . No amount of oil or butter can stop virtually all foods from sticking . I was initially attracted to this product because it has a removable pan . However , it does not heat evenly . I suspect this is because the pan just sits on top of electric coils , and the heat is not distributed evenly . I do not recommend this product !
 I agree with all the bad reviews on this product . In addition to all the problems , itquit working in the middle of a meal after only 4 months of light useage .
 Do n't bother with this skillet , the non-stick coating is non-existant . After a couple of uses the coating starts to come off and you know it 's coming off on your food . Good idea from Rival -LRB- removable pan -RRB- but terrible product and a waste of hard earned money .
 Buying two of these . Yes , indeed . I 'm the biggest loser of all . I was so impressed with how this looked and the write-up , I bought two of them . They are equally horrible . One lost it 's non-stick properties after the second use and the other became `` all-stick '' after the third use . Do not waste your money on these things . There are cheaper and better skillets available . If you really want one despite all these reviews , please e-mail me and I will sell them to you really cheaply .
 I WISH I HAD READ THESE REVIEWS BEFORE BUYING THIS LOUSY PRODUCT . RIVAL SHOULD BE PUT OUT OF BUSINESS FOR MARKETING SUCH A POOR SKILLET THAT DOES NOT PERFORM TO SPECIFICATIONS . WHILE THE REMOVABLE SKILLET AND GLASS TOP ARE GOOD FEATURES , THE ALMOST IMMEDIATE DETERIORATION OF THE NON-STICK COATING CANCELS THEM OUT . I HAVE COMPLAINED TO RIVAL BUT HAVE NEVER RECEIVED A REPLY , MUCH LESS ANY REDRESS OF THIS HORRIBLE DEFECT . CONSUMERS NEED TO BOYCOTT RIVAL .
 as said by previous purchasers of this skillet , I bought this to replace a trusty electric skillet that eventually died . What a joke , it is definately not flat , it definately sticks , and scratches very easy , and once scratched the finish started to peel off . Only had this a few months . Back to the drawing board Rival , and I 'm back to searching for a replacement .
 I agree 100 % with the other reviewer . The cooking surface is not flat , so pancake batter all runs to the sides . EVERYTHING sticks to the surface , except oil . The heating is so uneven you have to shift everything constantly to keep from burning one side while the other stays raw . It is virtually impossible to cook with , and horrible to clean . I would rather cook with a hot rock over coals . The cooking surface would be just as level , and food certainly could n't stick to the rock any worse . At least the heating would be more even.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 I received this for Christmas and after a few uses , the coating started coming off the skillet . It really does n't get hot enough to brown quickly . I have e-mailed Rival to try to purchase a replacement pan , but if the other reviews are any indication , I 'll get no response . Rival does need to pull this product and give refunds or replacements . I have an old Farberware 12-inch skillet that does fine after about 30 years of use . But I wanted this large 16 x 12 size . Rival , please do something !
 This is hands down the worst electric skillet that I have ever used . I noticed after the first time I used it that the non-stick coating was flaking off . I thought surely it was just a fluke so I used it two more times and every time I used it after that , I had to throw my food away because the coating flaked off into my food . Absolutely horrific !
 Why is there a thermostat that says it will heat to 400 ? I tried to fry chicken for an hour on the 400 setting and used a meat themometer that I stuck into a chicken thigh for 20 minutes , it only read 100 ! We took the chicken out of this junk and finished it in two skillets on the stove . OH MY BAD ... I FORGOT TO READ AMAZON REVIEWS BEFORE I PURCHASED ! If I could give it zero stars I would !
 I was looking for a skillet that could maintain a frying temperature for fish and chicken when the depth of the oil was about an inch or maybe even 2 inches after food was placed in it . Instead , this underpowered wimp of a pan never returned the oil to its proper cooking temperature -LRB- assuming it ever really got there -RRB- . The food , most especially including potatoes , came out soggy and saturated in grease . It was disgusting . Ruined the meal . After the cooking the meal , I washed the pan , put it back in the box , and returned it to the store . Last Rival product I 'll ever buy.Now the question is , IS there a decent frying pan available that can actually heat oil and maintain its temperature as well as a frying pan on a hot stove element can ? ------------------ The answer that last question is , yes , there definitely is . After returning the Rival I purchased a Cuisinart skillet , and it performs superbly . Or course , I paid more for for the Cuisinart product , but I guess sometimes you do get what you pay for .
 Rival S16RB 12-by-16-Inch Oblong-Shaped Electric Skillet with Removable PanI watched this product for months waiting for the price to drop from $ 50 or $ 60 to $ 40 . I was so excited when I bought the product for this great price , only to be disappointed upon using the product . I have had no problems with sticking or peeling yet . I read the product manual and heated oil in the pan to `` season '' it prior to my first use . I have experienced the uneven cooking surface and uneven cooking temperatures . I find the thermostat annoying as the light just indicates that it is on and there is no indication that the set temperature has been reached . The highest temperature is 400 degrees and I doubt that it even reaches this temp . It takes forever to cook and it really does n't fry at the temperatures attained . This could have been an excellent product but is extremely disappointing .
 I agree . This is a terrible skillet . After my second use the coating started coming off . Do n't purchase this skillet .
 I hate this product . Although , the pan has only been used a few times , I am getting rid of it . My time is more valuable than the grief this pan causes
 I love the design and idea behind this skillet . However the non stick surface is not properly bonded to the metal . After a few weeks it starts flaking off in your food . This is my second skillet . The first one was returned and I was given a replacement . I was extreamly careful using only wooden spatulas and spoons . After just a few uses the Teflon began flaking off anyway . I would not recommend this product at all . It seems thay are all faulty . I know for a fact 2 out of 2 were for me . There should be a recall on this product .
 I purchased this unit primarily for the removable pan . The way Rival markets this unit , it sounded like a nice feature . However , after using it the first time I noticed the pan bows in the center when heated up . If you try to cook anything that has a liquid consistancy -LRB- ie , eggs , pancakes , etc. . . -RRB- the food item runs to the sides of the pan . This happens due to the pan thickness being too thin , causing the center to expand and bow up in the center when heated . It could have easily been resolved if they had either made the pan thicker or put ribs on the pan to provide structural support.Don ' t waste your money on this skillet if you are expecting a flat cooking surface .
 I bought this skillet 6 months ago and I have already thrown it out ! Everything , even with cooking spray stuck to it from the beginning . Then the surface started to scratch even with non metal utensils . Now , there is very little surface left , down to the raw metal . It always burned things in the middle and did n't cook good along the outside edges . I wasted $ 50 and I 'm so disappointed I will never buy another Rival product !!
 Hazzard to your health skillet - DO NOT BUYQuestions that are paramount :1 . Is the interior coated with teflon ? 2 . Why is n't this product being recalled ? 3 . Why are retailers carrying this product ? 4 . . Where is the Federal people who should protect our heath?This Rival electric skillet is a health hazzard . Am I eating lead paint because surely the coating is not teflon.Contact your local congress man & file a complaint & retailer where you purchaced this product.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT
 Bought this to replace our trusty old one.I hate it !! Everything sticks to the surface.One little added bonus ... the Teflon is flaking off . I thoughtit might be due to scrubbing , but it 's not . I noticed it comingoff while I was cooking . Had to throw the meal out.Bottom line ... if you are one of the many Americans wholike Teflon in their food ... perhaps you might think itadds flavor ... then buy this skillet . If not , then look elsewhere .
 This is the absolute WORST skillet I have ever owned by far . In short , YES , it is raised in the middle so everything runs to the sides ... YES , absolutely everything sticks no matter what you do . . YES , it does not heat evenly at all . We have owned it for maybe 2 months and we are just so fed up that we have to buy a new one . . UGH !
 This skillet is a great idea , very poorly built . After only a couple of weeks the non-stick coating is gone . The middle is raised so that any liquid drains to the side , making frying impossible . The lid fits well , though !
 When my ancient electric skillet recently died after years of solid reliability , I found this model to be irresistible on the shelf ... where it should have stayed . In addition to the low quality of the nonstick coating , I find that the ultra thin sides , and the pitiful BTU out put of the heating element mean that any oil will not reach 210 degrees , even when cranked all the way up and left alone on the counter . This product is an embarrassment to RIVAL , and I wish I had done more research on the web before simply choosing the best looking thing on the shelf .
 Bought this model a few months ago and already it is peeling , and we even made sure and never washed it with nothing but a rag or ever soaked water in it , not only does it take longer to heat than my old one you have to crank the heat all the way up if you want to get anything done , and dont ever look for perfect eggs cause they run to the corners . Thought this would be a good investment cause Rival usually makes pretty good stuff , but they 're off the mark on this one , looking for a new one already , and it wont be a RIVAL !!
 I was so excited to receive this skillet for Christmas this year . The Vented glass lid , large size , and removable , dishwasher safe skillet all seemed perfect until I tried to use it today . It is slightly raised in the middle so my pancakes ` slid ' unevenly to one side , the heat is mostly in the middle of the pan and it does n't get up to heat very quickly.Unfortunately I am going to use my gift receipt to trade it in for the Presto .
 I bought the skillet to replace my last rival skillet that the teflon finally wore down after 5 years of heavy use , with the new skillet after a month the teflon started bubbling and flaking . Rival sent me out a replacement at no charge which has bubbled after the first use , i never heated the skillet over 350 and used a nylon spatula seems awfully cheap for a 50 dollarpan
 This was the worst product I have ever purchased . After two times using the skillet and once in the dishwasher , the nonstick coating already peeled off of the bottom . It went in the trash . I would not waste my money on this product .
 This is an example of a failed design . The skillet worked once . The glass lid should have been a clue to the engineer 's incompetence , because glass lids are known to cause additional vitamin losses during cooking . I had originally thought that my bad experience was isolated ; until , I read other reviews . There should be a rating for incompetent engineers .
 we bought the rival s16rb about two weeks ago . nice appearance and the idea of a removal pan from the heating element appealed , but after two uses the teflon started peeling off , yum yum.hopefully we 'll get a refund when we take it back to kohls.Do not buy this skillet !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 The skillet does ` nt get hot enough to really brown chicken , etc , but the bad thing is the indicator light does not go off when it reaches operating temperature ! It stays on ! how do you know when it reaches operating temperature ? Their lame fix for this is to tell you in the manual to `` preheat for 15 minutes ! '' .
 Rival , Do yourself a favor a take this electric skillet off the market asap ! You should offer a $ 50 rebate coupon for every poor soul who purchased your junk product - starting with me . After 5 uses , the heating element stopped working and could not be fixed . Before it broke , the non-stick surface ended up with several of our meals . You guys ever heard of a six-sigma program ? I will not buy any of your products again !
 I have used electric skillets for years and years . I was so excited to get this new one because I thought the removeable pan would be a huge plus . That idea was a huge plus BUT the pan itself was absolutely awful . Everything and I mean everything sticks to this surface . You can actually see while scrubbing lightly that the coating just comes right off . Although that being said ... it 's no great loss because it did n't work anyways . I definitely would NOT recommend this !!!
 I used this twice . Both times evrything stuck . Now you ca n't clean it . The coating is coming off . Absolute junk . I have an electric skillet from JC Penney that my wife and I bought in 1981 . Still works great . Has been overheated so many times but the teflon is still good . This thing is Chinese junk .
 After owning a Rival electric skillet for several years I needed a new one , so I bought a new one . The heat transfer to the removable skillet is so poor that I 'm now looking for a new electric skillet.I guess I 'll have to try another brand .
 I should have paid more attention to the reviews before I purchased this poor excuse for an electric skillet . I bought it because it sounded convenient -LRB- removable pan -RRB- and because I thought Rival was a reliable brand . The first thing I noticed was the uneven bottom when heated . Everything ran to the sides . I could n't even fry a decent looking egg ! Then after using it a few times it simply quit working . I threw it away and charged it up to experience . No more Rival brand products for me !
 I love the 5 start reviews for this piece of garbage . . Wat a couple of weeks till the coating starts flaking off . . Takes forever to heat . . after about 6 weeks I threw this junk in the garbage ... Talk about cheap Chinese crap . . This is the poster boy for junk .
 Just like all the other reviews , I am so dissapointed with this product . I wanted a big pan to cook bigger batches of food in and this looked perfect but the first time I used it I realized what a piece of junk it is . I was trying to fry chicken and it took forever because the oil never got hot enough . There is no way it heats to 400 degrees . I 'm returning it today . Do n't waste your money , it looks nice but it is useless .
 I replaced an electric skillet and thought this would be very useful and handy . What a mistake !!! This pan is raised in the center and does not cook evenly . You have to move food around the sides to pick up liquid so it gets coated and will cook . The sides brown but the middle does not . Potatoes , bacon , chicken all need to be constantly rotated to try to get them to cook . I wish I had my old skillet back . I will certaintly replace this as soon as I can .
 Although this skillet performs very basic tasks , it is not Rival 's best product . It does a satisfactory job of browning chopped meat or making pasta sauce , but there are better ways to cook pancakes or fried eggs .
 I ordered this for a Christmas present . After it was opened the directions were followed exactly as written before using for the first time . The skillet was used twice and the non stick coating is already bubbling up like a blister and ready to come off if I use it again .
 I got this skillet as a Christmas present and it does n't work . It heats to where you ca n't touch it but does n't cook anything . It took over an hour at 400 degrees to cook thin hamburger patties . Wo n't fry , wo n't sizzle , ca n't even smell food cooking . We 've also tried potatoes , onions , bacon ... nothing cooks . Total waste of money . I do not recommend this product !!!! Way too much money for a piece of garbage !
 Does n't get as hot as my old Rival Skillet.Takes a long time to brown anything .
 - Teflon coating comes off too easily and does n't work well - Cooks slowly - Raised center makes for difficult cooking
 I got this for a Christmas present this year . This skillet is horrible . It took me 1 hour and 20 minutes to fry a pound and a half of bacon-this was not thick sliced bacon . The night before I tried to make hash browns-after 45 minutes I gave up trying to get the potatoes browned . The signal light never shuts off-I am not sure it even gets hot enogh to boil water or make anything bubble . Absolutley not worth the $ 60.00 price tag . I have been cooking for 35 years-take my advice-don ' t buy it-you will be highly disappointed . I do n't have the box-but I am going to see if I can return it to Kohl 's . I wish I would have read the reviews of it before having daughter purchase it . If there was a minus ten rating that is what I would give it .
 Skillet has several years of BAD reviews but I unfortunately did n't research before buying -LRB- 2009 -RRB- ; I really regret the purchase . It is advertised as a serving pan , but the insulated handles are on the base , not on the pan . The pan is light-weight , but the lid weighs a ton . The darn thing does n't even get hot enough to cook pancakes .
 THIS SKILLET IS AWFUL . EVERYTHING STICKS NO MATTER WHAT COOKING OIL I USE.THE MIDDLE IS RAISED SO ALL THE OIL RUNS TO THE EDGE . I HAVE RUINED TOO MUCH FOOD ; ITS GOING IN THE DUMPSTER . I EVEN E-MAILED RIVAL AND THEY IGNORED ME . SOME CUSTOMER SERVICE .
 I used this item for about 6 months and only 6 times and it quit in the middle of a dish . I loved it at first , but then it started food sticking and not allowing a good cleanup . I guess it is best it broke .
 Searched for this particular model with the detachable pan . After getting it the pan itself is made of extremely light weight aluminum . The lid is heavier than the pan . Cooked some cut up chicken in it for stir fry . Took forever . Even took some out of an already NOT overcrowded pan , and it still took forever to cook . Have to see if there is a way to gauge and see if the temperature on the dial actually corresponds to real temp . The pan has a great size , and reaaly liked the detachable pan feature . But the way it has cooked in 2 attempts now really means the only thing it is good for is a warming dish . Really dissappointed as I had cooked with a regular Rival electric frying pan for years . Am going to try and return this one . will let you know how customer service is .
 I received this as a present and went to cook bacon in it on it . The bacon only cooked in the middle of the slice , leaving the ends mostly raw.I am returning it and purchasing one that has much better reviews .
 This was a replacement for a similar rival skillet we had with a removable pan that had a griddle for a base . I loved that one but the non-stick surface wore off . So I bought this one . It works but it sucks . I like the convenience of taking just the pan off to wash it like our old one . But everything else about it sucks . Takes FOREVER to warm up and the center of the pan is taller and hotter than the edges . So everything runs to the sides where they do n't get cooked as well . After having it a month and probably using it a dozen times the non-stick is not so non-stick any longer . The other one lasted about 3 years before this started happening . I see this one going in the trash in another month or two .
 Rival S16RB 12-by-16-Inch Oblong-Shaped Electric Skillet with Removable PanNot sure what they mean by non-stick !!! Have used twice and it is impossible to clean . Butter , Pam , nothing keeps food from sticking to this very poor skillet.We bought this skillet because of the removable Pan . BAD mistake . I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT ... A BIG WASTE OF MONEY
 The only use I have found so far is as a warming tray . To repeat DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT ! Shame on me . I always read reviews but was in the middle of a kitchen renovation and was very impressed that it also was a serving dish -LRB- a very expensive dish -RRB- . It is raised in the middle so it is hard to fry anything without using a ton of oil . Does n't cook evenly it 's just a waste of metal .
 This does not even deserve a one-star rating ! Just barely got warm not matter what temperature it was set to . Garbage !!!!!
 This electric skillet does not know the meaning of the word `` hot '' . Even on the highest temperature , medium heat is about the best you can get . It takes forever to cook anything , and the temperature does not stay constant . I hate this skillet and would never buy another Rival product .
 My husband purchased this skillet at a neighborhood store while I was away . After following the manufacturer 's directions for seasoning the skillet pan , he cooked some delicious french toast , using a heat-proof KitchenAid spatula , and washing after cool , in warm soapy water with a sponge . When dry , he noticed the coating was already gone in places , especially on the sides where it virtually had not been touched . When I got home , we used it a second time to cook bacon , and not only did the surface show more wear , but it would just not come clean . We tried to use it a third time to pan fry zucchini fritters , using a cup of oil , and it never got hot enough . Using a candy thermometer , we determined that it no longer heated above 225 degrees . Unfortunately my husband did n't keep the receipt or packing materials . Hate to add to the landfills , but this is going in the trash . What a disappointment ! If I could give it negative stars , I would .
 OMG ! It is n't just me ! I bought this skillet about 1 year ago and everytime I use it my daughter says I am like the dad on `` A Christmas Story '' with the furnace ! This skillet is BY FAR the absolute worst appliance purchase I have ever made ! I thought I had gotten a lemon . The skillet domes in the middle and it does n't stay hot . I agree , why have a tempurature control at all ? I disarmed the safety feature of the base and it still does n't stay hot !! This is a love/hate relationship that is going to end after I reading the reviews ! Thank you , everyone ! I am not crazy after all !!
 I bought one -LRB- thinking the removable pan was a nice idea -RRB- , but returned it after only one use , thinking it was defective -LRB- cooking surface never heated much beyond boiling point of water -RRB- . However the replacement worked just as bad -LRB- had to set controller to 400F just to simmer a pork steak -RRB- . While other people complain about the non-stick coating coming off , this was never a problem as I could never get it up to a high enough temperature to remove coating . Safety improvement ?
 I was amazed to come to the Amazon site and read a ton of reviews that described EXACTLY what I was experiencing with my Rival S16RB electric skillet . I just typed in S16RB in Google hoping to find some recall information . The first hit on Google was to this spot on Amazon.Why Rival has not recalled this product is a mystery . Why Amazon still sells it is even more of a mystery.GadgetGirl comes on here and writes wonderful review and at the same time insults people 's intelligence by suggesting that these people who have the coating peeling off might have gotten a totally different model from KMart or they do not know how to use/care for it properly . GadgetGirl is nothing but a tool , probably paid to deflect from negative reviews . How on earth can someone think that just because the product they have is wonderful that everyone else who is having a problem with it must be mistaken ? My bet is GadgetGirl does not even own this product.There things wrong with this product and Rival should pull it from the market . With so many people having the SAME PROBLEMS , one would think Rival would recall them . In addition to that Amazon , Target , and others that sell it should stop sell it.DO NOT BUY THIS SKILLET . IT IS A WASTE OF MONEY AND A LOT OF FRUSTRATION .
 I have always prided myself on the fact that I research a product before purchasing it through reviews ... I made a mistake and impulsively purchased the WORST electric skillet I have ever had . Here I am with the coating coming off and mad thinking ... I can make it for a while longer trying to get my moneys worth out of it but that is impossible . Now , not only is it a health threat to me and my family b/c of the chipping `` All stick '' coating going into our food , it will be another piece of trash littering up our landfills when it should have been an excelent product to have for a long time . So dissapointed ! Rival , you know better !
 Like the other reviewers , I was impressed by this skillet ... until I used it ! This should be taken off the market so no one else has to waste their time ! How this passed any tests is beyond me ! It does heat unevenly , sticks , etc. . . e.g. , to cook bacon , one should start with cold skillet , but for this skillet you are supposed to heat the skillet for 15 min . with the lid on first ! Even holding heat is unpredictable . It is just terrible ! They should be ashamed , and really , Amazon should not carry this except for the fact that we can warn others about it via this form .
 I was excited to purchase this item because the pan separates from the heating element for easier cleaning . I am very disappointed . The skillet heats unevenly . It never get really hot . Fried foods actually boil , not fry . I bought it several months ago and ca n't figure out hot to contact Rival for a refund or replacement . Do n't buy it !
 A HORRIBLE product !! EVERYTHING sticks to the pan . It heats unevenly , and cooks s. . l. . o. . w. . l. . y. Cleanup takes forever ! Do not buy this product !! You will waste your money .
 How much did I pay for this?Our BIG issue is with the thermostat . Not sure what the numbers are intended to indicate , but I do n't think it has anything to do with temperature . Once it gets hot enough to cook , it does n't respond to maintain the heat . It is also VERY uneven in it 's cooking , with a few HOT spots and the rest of the skillet , usually COLD.We liked the Removable Pan feature ... maybe I should try to place the pan on the stove ... hmm , no I 'll just find a better one .
 I wish there was a zero star catagory , because one star is too much for this product . I wish all these reviews were here when I purchased mine in Dec. 05 -LRB- just a bit different model but same problems -RRB- , we 've only used it less than ten times during that period and now all the coating is peeling off , a real piece of junk.What a waste of fifty bucks ... no more Rival purchases in this family .
 Aside from the dominant comments from others about uneven cooking surface , long heat-up times , and flaking teflon coating -LRB- a health hazard that the CPSC ought to look into . There are several usability issues with this model . First the removable pan has a protrusion on the bottom side that must line up with a hole in the element frame in order for the safety switch to close and allow the unit to heat . There is no mention of this in the user guide and there is nothing in the design of the pan or base that `` guides '' the pan into place . Poor ergonomics ! The second issue is that the light is just a power light as opposed to a light that indicates the status of the temperature achieved like virtually every other skillet on the market . To make things worse , they have engineered in a click that sounds when the dial is turned from Off to Warm . This mimics the sound of the thermostatic switch in most other units that advances position around the dial at the point where the desired temperature has been reached and turns off the light indicating that the desired cooking temperature has been reached . I will not buy Rival again . Fool me once , shame on you , fool me twice , shame on me !
 We 've had our skillet a few months and now the nonstick coating is peeling off like crazy . What a waste of money and natural resources . It also makes me concerned about toxic substances that we might have been ingesting all this time . Terrible product . They really should offer a recall . It 's a good design idea . They should offer it with a cast iron pan .
 the electric skillet takes forever to heat up and it does not heat in the corners also it takes longer to cook than an electric frying pan I would not recommend this product . thank you
 Received this item as a Christmas gift and with very little use non-stick coating starting coming off . Do not understand why this product has not been recalled since it is not safe . Probably the worse quality of any product I have owned .
 Look for a different model ! The raised center is a bad idea on a skillet , the edges are much colder than the middle , design flaw . I have to put my pancakes directly in the middle of the skillet to cook them evenly . To get the edges hot enough to cook an egg you have to turn the temperature almost all the way up , by doing that you make the center hot enough to bur
 I bought this skillet to use for hashbrowns at Senior Breakfasts . I have had nothing but trouble with it not heating or heating , then shutting off half way through the cooking.It is not reliable , at all . It is a big disappointment .
 I am terribly unhappy with this skillet and really do n't even want to give it one star . Had I read the reviews before purchasing I would have saved my money . As many others have said , it began sticking on the first use , even after going through all the steps to condition it and only use plastic untensils in it . It is uneven , and does not heat well . I have never had this type of problem before with an electrice skillet . It is only a few months old and is nearly unusable because it stick so badly . I am in search of a replacement .
 We are on our second skillet and have experienced ALL of the bad features listed on other reviews . The first skillet finally became unusable after all of the non-stick coating wore off . I placed a call to Rival to ask if they had a replacement skillet because I read somewhere that the newer models have an improved finish.Rival said they could not provide replacement parts , but offered 10 % off a new one -LRB- big whoop -RRB- . I asked about the coating , because I did not want another skillet with the same non-stick surface . The rep put me on hold to check . When she returned , she said they would just ship me a new , complete skillet at no cost , even though our skillet was about a year out of warranty.I have noticed that the coating on this skillet is much better than the first . However , after washing it , it has a dull , spotty surface that looks like it is wearing out . If you heat it up and coat the surface with about 1/2 teaspoon of oil , it looks like new and performs like new . It appears that you can keep it looking new by seasoning it after each use . It still heats poorly , has a domed center , cooks unevenly , etc. , but at least the non-stick is still there after 6 months.I would give this less than one star , based on the experience I had with the first one , but since Rival replaced my out-of-warranty skillet for free , I give them another star .
 I got this as a wedding gift and was excited - WORST PRODUCT ever - all of the liquid goes to the sides making it impossible to use - I am going to contact Rival for my money back - what a joke - DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT
 This product arrived , before it even showed shipped in the system . Opened the boxes and it became clear that this is a cheap product . The peices the were already assembled were warped , not put together well.So sorry that 225.00 does n't buy you more .
 This is not really what I envisioned . There are too many panels and therefore when there is the slightest breeze they blow around . The closure at the front does not close all the way . If I did not have to pay the shipping I would have sent it back . I will probably attach the panels together with thread or tape so they do n't blow around with the wind .
 This is a inexpensive net it you are looking for a decorative style accent . However , it is not a funtional mosquito net . There is not enough overlap inbetween panels , the panels do not hang straight down , the mesh is not fine enough , and finaly the material itself is of low quality . Do not buy this if you desire to evade malaria .
 This is not a mosquito net . It is simply for show . I wasted my money buying this product . If I did not live in a developing country -LRB- which amazon , only ships books to -RRB- I would send this product back . Due to my current location I need to protect myself from mosquitoes which carry parasites that either kill you or make you very ill . This product has so many slits and gaps in it , you could literally drive a small car through it.I do not recommend this product at all , unless of course you want a simple expensive dust collector .
 Make sure you read ALL the customer reviews for this product . **** NOT A FUNCTIONAL MOSQUITO NET . **** They could not have made this product more cheaply . Basically they just stitched a few open bolts of mesh cloth so that they could be hung . **** The bolts of netting are NOT stitched on the sides , at the corners , nor across the middle top . -LRB- If you look very closely at the photo , you can see evidence of this . -RRB- In other words
 Every canopy bed is different . Ours has 4 post with curtian rods connecting each post . This item doesnt have rod sleves and hangs from post to post . The middle is solid so from overhead looking up there its covered from post to post by fabric . This creates several challenges , 1 -RRB- what to do about the sag from post to post and 2 -RRB- What to do with the sagging center top fabric . It comes with some hooks to attach the center to the ceiling but our celing was too high to use them . Bottom line is if you have a low ceiling or a bed with several slats across the top you 'll get this to fit . Else , you in for problems and will need a sewing machine to make adjustments.I wound up buying sheer drapes to hang from our canopy bed rods . The quality certianly isnt bad for the price but its not a one size fits all situation .
 The material is cheaper looking and instructions are a joke , like another poster said . I literally had to hold the canopy drapes on my posts with hair bands ! I also placed two sheets on the top and front post to give me a greater sense of coziness . I looked for a better canopy curtain prior to this one . I wanted something thicker and romantic looking . It does look romantic and it goes well with my bed color . However , the difficulty of putting it up and the very thin material made me dissatisfied .
 We live in a tropical location where mosquitos prevail . This net comes with huge gaps that once we sewed together and peg up at night mostly keeps out mosquitos . I would look elsewhere for a better net and pay more . The quality of the netting is good if all you want is a fancy look .
 The description says it 's will fit a queen size bed . Not So ! It hung so low it hit the bed . No way could you sleep without having it laying on you . I tried every angle and direction . It would not work for a queen size bed . It was also a very cheap material . Needless to say , I returned it .
 This might be a good product for someone who wants something purely for looks but as far as functionality it is a waste of money . There are so many gaps and the fabric is cut so poorly that we had to use 26 - count 'em - 26 safety pins in an attempt to keep out mosquitos . Where the fabric should have been cut straight in order to overlap the open flaps it was cut at angles away for each other so we had to pull it to make it overlap . There are huge gaps at every corner , presumably for the bed posts , and not enough fabric to overlap and cover the holes . There is no way this is useful as bug netting .
 This product looked very cool when I saw it on the computer . I was extremely dissapointed when I opened the box and saw that it was a crappy piece of netting that I could have bought at the dollar store . It looks nothing like the picture and definately not worth the money ! I would not reccomend this product to anyone .
 This is not at all what I thought it would be . Very complicated to put up . I have a King-sized bed and I did not get the desired look I was hoping to get . This is the first time I 've ever had to return anything ordered from Amazon.com , but as the saying goes ... there 's a first time for everything .
 I know , I know when you read the title of this review you might think , `` well what did he expect ?! It is very inexpensive after-all ! '' and you would be right . This is certainly an affordable canopy . However , given the overall solid reviews it has received I felt it very important to explain why I was far from satisfied.This canopy is really more of a net . I know there was at least one review that complained that it does n't function well as a mosquito net but honestly I do n't see it serving much other purpose . It is made of very cheap netting material that is far from the `` romantic touch '' promised in the description . As the `` man of the house '' I liked the way this was described as something a man would appreciate but unfortunately neither my wife nor I do . It is not hemmed well on the edges so it tends to be a bit frayed , it drapes far too loosely over the canopy frame we purchased -LRB- have n't tried hanging from the ceiling -RRB- . All in all it looks rather shabby and cheap rather than romantic and chic . The pictures of the canopy do nothing to reveal the poor quality of the fabric and so I am going to return it.On the returns front , I sadly ca n't return it without losing some money on the whole affair but that is not really this product 's fault . I purchased this months before my wedding in but did not set it up until the week before the wedding and was only then surprised to find the canopy not all I had hoped . Should have verified its quality before the return date had passed.On the pros side of things , this might be fine for a little girl 's bedroom and if kept tied up , when hanging straight down it looks just plain shabby .
 Completely useless as a mosquito net . It has large gaps and the mesh is cut on the bias so that you can not actually close the side or the roof of the netting . I had to use 30 clothes pegs to keep it closed until I bought a decent mosquito net locally.I think they ought to say ... `` for decorative purposes only '' .
 Instructions are a joke , eyelets will not fit over the bed posts . I guess I can cut it up and use it as a polishing cloth !!!!
 This thermos has poor heat retention . If you fill it with a hot beverage , and cap it , you can immediately feel the heat from the out side . In other words , the heat does not stay inside , and in other words , it is a poor insulator.What should you do?I would buy an old Stanley Aladdin -LRB- pre 2001 -RRB- from ebay . Those were great . I have one from 1983 that will keep piping hot coffee pretty hot even after 10 hours . I have also heard really good things about the Nissan thermoses .
 I bought this product because the existing mattress I had on my futon was droopy . It arrived on time , well boxed , and seemed fine , however it only took a week before this mattress , too , was floppy . Maybe that 's just the nature of futon mattresses . I think I 'm going to try bench cushions and see how they do .
 OK , so I 'm spoiled by Gevalia 's German Chocolate Cake coffee . -LRB- Unfortunately , they only have theirs seasonally -RRB- . So I went looking for something comparable , tried Coffee Masters and am still looking . To my taste , there was no hint of any velvety-smooth coffee flavor nor of German Chocolate Cake . Just harsh chemical flavored brown stuff . Sorry .
 The Sharp `` smart Carousel '' design uses rotating magnetrons below the surface of the cooking chamber instead of rotating the food on a carousel . The rotating mechanism under the cooking chamber malfunctioned . As a result arcing occurred between the parts causing a fire and smoke . The unit was turned off in time to avoid a fire spreading to the surrounding cabinets . If no one had been present in the kitchen at the time a serious fire could have occurred.The defect was bad enough . I consider myself lucky the damage was only to the microwave . Dealing with Sharp customer service was even worse . It has taken over two months to resolve this problem . Sharp offered me a replacement but could n't get a new unit in white . We suggested paying the difference for an upgrade . We paid the difference for the upgrade ... the sharp could n't find it in white ... even though I was able to locate a unit in white in about 5 minutes online . After giving up on a replacement and requesting a refund they `` generously '' offered me $ 183 for a product I paid $ 262 . A product that endangered my home and family and had left me without a microwave for two months.I 've enjoyed Sharp products in the past but after this incident I can not recommend doing business with them under any circumstances .
 According to Sharp this is not a convection oven . The Sharp web site only shows this oven as a microwave .
 I did n't see anything on this description that mentioned the length of the rod . It is only 16 '' -26 '' so it was much smaller than I had expected .
 This tension rod is thin and very weak . It could not hold itself up . Sadly , I will be returning it .
 We 've had these since 09/08 These worked GREAT for a while , but we noticed that with certain spices the covers came off hard . We just assumed the micro shape of certain spices causes the binding . Yesterday , we could 've refill the one with Kosher Salt . After fighting we final got the cover off just and looked under the lid , and it looked like Rust ... Then I look them up online and discovered these are Aluminum NOT Stainless so we were getting corrosion . MY mistake on that , but buyer beware !!! Tumeric , Salt , Adobo are just a few of spices that can not go in these cannisters . Leafy herbs are OK . EVEN the placement strips are corroding .
 I bought five sets , and mounted them inside a cabinet with the self adhesive strips provided . The tops do n't fit snugly , so when the canisters fell off and spilled their contents , it made a huge mess . I then stuck them to the side of the refrigerator . The magnet on the back of one strip came off , and the stainless face plate -LRB- and all of the spices on that plate -RRB- fell on the counter , making another huge mess . Now the magnet has come off of the back of one canister ; surely more will follow . One last thing
 Lets just say i know how to correctly mount an object . . these items are horrible.upon using the spice containers , after 2-3 times u start hearing a crunching and have to use a little more effort to twist the cap and expose the pour spouts . . the seasoning seems to be slipping between where the lid and the container meet . . well one day i was standing there and heard a THWAP!thats right - the decorative spice rack that adhered to the magnetic strip had become unglued and just fell off spilling ALL the spices all over the kitchen . . what a messi cleaned it all up -LRB- and my dogs -RRB- and figured id return this for a refund . i got a 2nd one thinking the first was just faulty manufacturing and it happened AGAIN , in a different location in my kitchen and the SAME MESS AGAIN . . my magnetic knife holder by MUI works just fine . . this is just poorly made junk.buyer beware.look for reviews of other spice racks by this company.its alllll junkbtw - NO i didnt mount near fridge or stove or in a sunbeam from the window . NO heat hit this thing to make the adhesive melt off .
 After only half a year , we will need to toss ours . Worked very well at first , but now it 's just corroded and the plastic tops have caved in . Not a good product .
 I 'd been looking for a creative storage solution for spices and this seemed like a great fit - so much so that I bought two of them . They worked well for a few months , and in no particular order , the following occurred :1 . The tins themselves corroded and became difficult to turn and open -LRB- for pouring -RRB- .2 . The magnet on the bottom of over half the tins came loose .3 . Most of the spices became clumped up due to moisture even though the tins were sealed.Mine were not installed near the oven , as other reviewers had commented . All in all , an epic fail . One of the only items from Amazon that I 've been completely disappointed with . I 'm glad others seem to have had good experiences with this product , but that sadly was not my situation .
 CHEAP MADE IN CHINA PRODUCT JUST A WASTE OF MONEY . MAGNET DOES NOT EVEN HOLD WEIGHT OF EMPTY CAN FORGET WITH SPICE IN IT . SAVE YOUR MONEY AND GO TO TARGET WALMART AND BUY WHAT YOUR NEED THERE .
 I bought these and was disappointed . The wire is very thin and flexible . I would not hang any thing of value with these plate hangers . There is not a plastic buffer on the holder either , so you would have metal rubbing against china or ceramic which can cause cracking or chipping . Also , you are just purchasing the plate holder , not the special hook used to mount your plate . These are not worth the price they are listed for .
 Ca n't taste the flavors . The coffee is OK if you like black coffee . I wanted the distinct taste and aroma of chocolate and cherry . This coffee does n't have it .
 This product does not work as advertised . The unit has `` Smart and Easy sensor settings '' , which sharp claims it automatically determine cooking or reheating times and power levels for nine popular microwave foods . Do n't believe it , it does n't work . The popcorn setting leaves the popcorn 80 % unpopped , the defrost settings leaves food frozen as a rock . My previous 800 watt unit was more efficient.This unit can be very dangerous as well . The botton front edge of the unit gets extremely HOT ! One several occasions my family members got burn welts on their forearms.Also , the unit frequently ARCs for no reason causing sparks and loud noise . Some foods are ok , but others , like heating up a samore will cause problems.I have always been a fan of Sharp Microwaves , but this model is the pits .
 I sent back this chair due to the saggy leather and poor quality finish . The photo looks much better than the chair actually is . It looks like a bad quality import and has rough edges on the legs and arms . The company was cooperative with the return .
 The `` product features '' section clearly states that the model listed here holds up to 160 lbs , but the model shipped to me by Ace Hardware is only rated to 80 lbs . Now , Ace Hardware is insisting that * I * should pay for shipping to return the thing . Do n't buy this -- do n't get scammed by Ace Hardware !
 I have a brick outside ledge and wood inside window sill . i dont know why i thought this screwed in on the inside so thats why i purchased but then i discovered it it screws in on the outside ledge which is brick in my case if you have a outside wood ledge this will work for you , i guess . i never got a chance to used returned and had to pay for shipping about $ 10 . so be careful if you dont want to send back and pay for shipping . because they didnt emphasize outside wood ledge in description and i wind up losing $ 10 i gave it 1 star . BE CAREFUL TO MAKE SURE YOU HAVE A WOODEN OUTSIDE LEDGE .
 I do not like the idea of drilling holes into a window frame -LRB- plastic or wood -RRB- ! This is another poorly designed , over priced piece of garbage that effectively puts a hole in your pocket -LRB- two pieces of cheep metal on a rivet hinge ?! -RRB- and destroys the integrity of your window and window frame , the most expensive , unrepairable component of your window ! What do you do in the winter with Nor-Easters , snow , rain , and wind -LRB- caulking of course -RRB- . In the spring you 'll enjoy visits from ants , and other 6 legged creatures -LRB- a little insect spay will do -RRB- , and in the fall the rot under the window frame will help you get closer to nature since your window might come apart after a few years -LRB- get a cheap new window ! at HD ! -RRB- ... not to worry , who thinks about practicality and the future in the country -LRB- tattoos anyone ? -RRB- ?
 Not exactly thrilled with an item which can not be installed per instructions . The nylon attach mechanisim was so thick I had to redrill the metal portion and attach it with additional screws . Now I have several pieces of nylon cluttering my garage . Had I tried to install the included nylon fittings the airconditioner would have been 2 '' off the lower sill . Make your own bracket .
 This device is NOT universal.I live in a pre-war apartment building in Manhattan . The facade is brick with drip edges around the windows - very common . This product basically does not work with this kind of wall . I bought the small one , based on the the size of our a/c unit , but the bracket was way too short and did not extend out far enough for the support arm to reach the outside wall . So I bought the larger one , which was designed for A/Cs much bigger than ours , and has a longer bracket but still it did not fit the wall . The only way I managed to get it to work was by using the longer bracket but with the support arm from the smaller one . It still is not that great but it is better than nothing . And for a grand total of over $ 80 . . 1/3 of the cost of the a/c itself!My advice is try to check if it works on your building . It is not easy to tell until you get it home and try to install it .
 I ordered this because Amazon advertised that customers who ordered the Frigidaire also ordered the bracket and insulation ; Neither are needed for the 6000 BTU Model FRA065AT7 . In fact , because the AC unit does not have a flat bottom , the bracket causes the AC unit to tilt in the wrong direction -LRB- toward the window -RRB- so that the unit can not drain the condensate correctly . There is just no way for this bracket to be used with this AC . I am returning the bracket ; The AC is small enough that it can easily be supported by a 20 '' piece of 1x2 across the sill between window & storm window frame .
 Purchased this along with a Frigidaire FRA086AT7 -LRB- 8,000 BTU -RRB- air conditioner on the basis of Amazon 's recommendation -LRB- under the `` Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought '' section , where it 's still listed at the time of this writing -RRB- . The kit took forever to ship from Ace Hardware Outlet - I had the air conditioner -LRB- which came directly from Amazon -RRB- a full week before the installation kit arrived , even though they were purchased in the same order.I carefully read through the instructions for the installation kit and set it up in the window , which required drilling a few holes in the window frame . Then I went to put the air conditioner in and discovered that the bottom was n't flat - it 's got a bunch of plastic molding -LRB- presumably to route the condensation out the window -RRB- so it would n't sit on the platform as designed . All that waiting for nothing - I ended up just shoving the air conditioner right into the window like I could have done a week earlier.If the bottom of your air conditioner is perfectly flat , and you do n't mind drilling holes in your window frame -LRB- or waiting an extra week to get your air conditioner installed -RRB- , this kit would be a good choice . But if you 're buying one of the highly-rated Frigidaire air conditioners from Amazon , save yourself the trouble and skip it.Amazon should fix the recommendation immediately so it does n't trick future customers .
 This is a great idea , but in function it just does n't work.It 's not a universal item.We have a drip edge outside our window on a brick house.The drip edge extends too far out for this to brace against.The drip edge -LRB- 1 brick thick -RRB- is too thick for this to brace against the wall underneath.I thought this would look neat and professional , but I ended up doing what I 've always done
 I sent back this chair due to the saggy leather and poor quality finish . The photo looks much better than the chair actually is . It looks like a bad quality import and has rough edges on the legs and arms . The company was cooperative with the return .
 My countdown was just a little bit longer than a year and this came with a `` long-lasting '' lithium battery but it died 6 months before the end of the countdown !! VERY disappointing . I like the product otherwise -- easy to set , fun to be motivated by the counting down , etc. , but once the screen goes dead it 's just a $ 25 dust-catcher sitting on my desk .
 4 months after purchasing this ottoman , the leather is cracked and peeling and looks terrible . At Home Mart will do NOTHING as their return policy is only 30 days .
 Bought this because I used to wait tables and loved the Pulltap 's corkscrew that I had . It took me a while to figure out that this was a counterfeit .1 -RRB- The foil cutter is dull and works very poorly ,2 -RRB- The worm is n't teflon , but it is painted to appear to be teflon , and it squeaks like mad going into a cork .3 -RRB- The stainless part does n't carry the engraved Pulltap 's logoThere are a ton of really cruddy copies of the Pulltap 's corkscrew from China being sold on the internet . If you want a proper Pulltap 's , do n't order from Amazon . Get it somewhere local if you can . If you can not find locally , I might order from wine enthusiast - at least I would trust it not to be a counterfeit product if ordered from them - but they are too expensive , really .
 I bought this because I used to wait tables and loved the Pulltap 's corkscrew that I had . It did n't take long to figure out that this is a cheap Chinese copy .1 -RRB- The foil cutter is dull -LRB- even when brand new -RRB- , it works but very poorly .2 -RRB- The worm is n't teflon , but it is painted to be the same color , and squeaks excessively .3 -RRB- The boot does n't carry the engraved Pulltap 's logo.Cheap Chinese copies of the Pulltap 's corkscrew give Pulltap 's a bad name . If you want a proper Pulltap 's corkscrew this is n't it , pay a few dollars more , get the one made by Pulltap 's in Spain .
 The Picture clearly shows the name Pulltap on the chrome and the Product descrition name is Pulltap 's -- yet when I received the item its the same generic version I bought for $ 3The Pulltap brand version is far superior and that is what I assumed I was ordering based on 1 . Description/name 2 . PictureThis product is not the `` real '' brand item as the picture/description indicates -- the seller is decieving usIf you are searching for the generic version order from someone else for less -- do n't give a dishonest vendor your bussiness
 Not remotely a Pulltap . Screw bent out of the box . Poorly made . Worse than most knock offs I have seen . Purchase from Tapp Collections.Pulltap 's Double-Hinged Waiters Corkscrew
 A KNOCKOFFCHEAPNO PULLTAP NAME ON ITNOT THE REAL THINGafter looking at the photos which show the real thing and getting the cheap imitation I have to say I am loosing my opinion of Amazon . This is the second time I have tried to order a real pulltap corkscrew . Guess i will have to buy someplace else
 I have owned three Pulltaps brand double-hinged wine tools before waiting tables and thought I would be purchasing a `` real '' Pulltaps tool . From years of handling the devices , I know that this one is significantly lighter -LRB- because the body is made of plastic instead of metal -RRB- . What 's worst is that the bottom portion below the hinge does n't move ... which is the whole point ! It also does n't say `` Pulltaps '' in cursive across the top . This is a cheap imitation of a quality tool that is n't that expensive in the first place !
 I own another waiters corkscrew of another brand so I have a valid comparsion.First
 The corkscrew works well , however , I was surprised and disappointed to see there was a winery logo embossed on it . I never would have ordered this item had I known about the logo . This type of thing should be clearly stated in the add .
 I had seen the other reviews complaining about this and other corkscrews on Amazon . I ordered this corkscrew after calling Amazon 's customer support to verify this was , in fact , a Pulltap corkscrew.But it is not , it is a poorly constructed knock-off . Sadface .
 These are NOT the high quality PULLTAP 'S CORKSCREW . They were stiff and not the product shown . Their advertisement shows and states they are Pulltap 's , but that 's not what you get . I ordered 4 and sent them all back . They did n't even have the Pulltap 's name on them . I replaced them with the true Pulltap 's from Spain , like the one I have been using for years . These were for gifting , mine 's still great . Amazon did well in getting the better product to me in a quick manner .
 I would be shocked if this were authentic . While the product opened 1 bottle of wine , the wire corkscrew bent about 3 revolutions as I used it . Some of the corkscrew paint -LRB- paint ! - as opposed to a hardened oxide coating . -RRB- flaked off.This leads me to believe that the wire is a soft , low grade steel . And given the stellar reputation of Pulltap openers , I believe this is a fake or knockoff product .
 Ordered the Wine Enthusiast Pulltap thinking it was an original Pulltex because the product description matched the description on the Wine Enthusiast 's website . However , we received a poor imitation from Tapp Collection Inc. ; which we promptly returned .
 I was a waitress for five years , using wine keys on a daily basis , and I never encountered a piece of trash such as this . After owning it for two months the first of the steps bent and the hinge of the bottle opener came loose . I would love to return it but I am attempting to do so four days past the allotted time frame . Word to the wise , if you purchase , and are unhappy with the product , be sure and return it within 60 days . Also , apparently , open no more than seven bottles of wine ever in the product 's lifetime . If it were possible to give zero stars I would do so .
 I received an imitation corkscrew , albeit in a nice box . It was made in china and feels cheap . Very disappointed . I 'm just going to find one in a store , I suggest you do as well .
 Corkscrew appears to be Pulltap 's style , but is not actually a Pulltap 's . Still works well enough , but not equal in quality to the Pulltap 's I 've owned in the past .
 Looks like a Pulltap , but does n't say Pulltap on it anywhere . Does n't work as well as a Pulltap either . More difficult to use and hurts my hand . My old Pulltap was easy and comfortable . Very disappointing . If you advertise as a `` Pulltap '' then it should BE a Pulltap !
 Do n't buy this product . The tip of the cork screw is too dull to dig into cork and the handle is cheap plastic .
 This product does not include the name ` Pulltap ' on it as official Pulltap corkscrews do . It is also flimsy , has rough edges on the metal parts and does n't work very well -LRB- the screw itself is off center -RRB- . It is obviously a ` knockoff ' . Spend a few more dollars and buy the real thing . Unfortunately , it will cost me more than it 's worth to return it .
 I have a genuine Pulltap that I love . This one is a fake and is n't nearly as nice . All the hinges and pivots are stiff and hard to move . Hoping it breaks in and loosens up a little bit.For $ 8 it 's still much better than a standard single-hinge corkscrew , but it should n't be listed as a Pulltap .
 This item is terrible . The end of the corkscrew is facing the wrong direction for proper use . It is also not coated as suggested in the photo in the ad . The corkscrew is also quite loose upon arrival . I would expect a new corkscrew to have a tight feel to it . It feels like an old corkscrew that has become loose due to excessive use . This item is flimsy and weak and I would not recommend it to professional food and wine servers .
 I have one that looks like this -LRB- in the pictures -RRB- and needed at add to an order to make the free shipping . Seemed like a good idea to have a spare . The first cork to be pulled the screw started to actually unwind the steel was so soft . Hardly a bargain to open one bottle of wine . Do n't waste your money , this thing is plain junk .
 The first time I used this wine key it broke . This is very cheaply made . DO NOT BUY . It 's a waste of money .
 These are really cheaply made.After a while the glue holding the magnets on the bottoms starts to slip . Eventually the magnets simply fall off . We 've also had a lot of issues with the lids getting stuck . You have to twist the lid in order to pour out the contents . Most of the time the lids get stuck and you can not turn them at all . We 've had to throw away a few of these because we actually had to crack them open because the lids refused to budge.They are neat but just know that they are extremely flimsy .
 We 've had these for 2-3 years . I love the concept , and they are very handy . However , they are not built to last . I have 4 strips , and today am having to epoxy the magnets back onto all but 4 containers . The magnetic strips have also separated from the metal backing .
 When I first received these , I was delighted at their appearance and function . However , after time I 've found that they just ca n't be used for all spices . Due to their inferior production , they are far from air tight . This then allows moister -LRB- humidity -RRB- to enter the containers causing powder-based spices to clump . Only herb-like spices work fine ; my garlic and onion powders -LRB- for example -RRB- are hard balls and can not be used . I 'm very disappointed in this product .
 I actually loved my containers when I first received them . They are perfect for our kitchen and super functional . After the first 6 mos , I noticed the tins started to rust so I ordered another set as backup . Well now , I am in the same position again . Maybe a stainless steel would have been a better choice for materials . So I am going to try to order a stainless steel set from another manufacturer .
 The first one of these I received from Amazon came with spice jars with big dents in them . It looked like someone had taken a big rock and dented the jars . I contacted Amazon , which offered to send me a replacement . The replacement came -- and guess what , the metal strip that holds the jars was bent at almost 45 degrees ! Luckily for me I was able to swap the metal strip from the first package , and I returned the bent one along with the dented spice jars . All in all it 's clear this item has huge packaging problems at Amazon -- 2 shipments , 2 big problems . Given the inconvenience of returning the package , dealing with Amazon -LRB- which first told that the item was non-returnable , I think because there are spices inside which makes it a food product -- anyway this necessitated several emails back and forth , which was annoying -RRB- , etc , I just do n't think it 's worth it to buy this on Amazon . -LRB- Also , as others have noted , the racks from Amazon show up with all kinds of grime and dust on them . This is n't true of a matching rack from the same company that I bought at Costco -- it was totally grime-free . -RRB- This item is sold by several bricks-and-mortar vendors for a similar price -- do that , and do n't waste your time with Amazon on this one .
 Since starting to buy most of my spices at the local Farmer 's Market , I decided it was time to go in search of a good set of containers . After reading all the reviews I thought these Kamenstein Canisters would be the best choice . I was wrong . Once they arrived , and before using them , I gave them all a good wash . I noticed that water had seeped in between the clear , plastic top and metal lid . So I popped out the plastic and wiped out the inside of the metal lid . In the process I practically sliced off the top of one of my fingers . The inside edge is as sharp as a freshly opened can . It 's incomprehensible as to why this edge has not been filed down and smoothed out . This is clearly a hazard . Even the large opening on the side of the lid will be a potential danger to those with small fingers . This simple fact should prompt Amazon to stop selling them.In practice the containers are n't much better . As others have pointed out , they are not air tight so some spices will dry out and cake up . Other dustier spices will cling to the inside of the clear top obscuring what 's inside , essentially negating the purpose of the clear top . Some lids are also hard to take off and put back on . The containers do cling well to stainless steel appliances and the metal bar that comes with them and the holes on the sides of the lids make it convenient to dispense the spices . Unfortunately the safety hazard alone is reason enough not to recommend these containers .
 Wanted a sturdy colander that looked nice enough to leave out . It 's a nice size and handles are helpful . This looked good at first but found that after a year or so the finish started peeling off . We 've only hand washed it and do n't use it every day . Expected it to wear better .
 Beautiful colander . I had it for about 2 months now and the paint started to bubble and peel on the bottom and around each of the holes . after the paint comes up , the colander then starts to rust in the exposed areas . Had to throw it out . I did wash this colander in the dishwasher , so that may have something to do with it .
 I 'm not sure I can give this 0 stars . If it makes me give it 1 star , be forewarned , 0 is the right number . I ordered this product and when it arrived it was evident that the pestle was broken in 2 pieces . The pestle was n't separately protected . I thought I was just unlucky . I went to the trouble of reordering , sending back the broken one . The replacement came , broken in exactly the same fashion . It was a different set , but equally broken . Buy this elsewhere .
 This comforter is a dud . It is advertised light weight because there is such a minimal amount of down . The cover is not white it is grey . It may have baffle box construction but the edges are cheaply made -LRB- not gusseted as would be expected on baffle box construction -RRB- . This would have been our 3rd comforter in 43 years . Our 1st 2 were beautiful , plump , soft treasures and I was very excited about getting number 3 but now I am just very annoyed . I had it shipped 1-2 days shipping -LRB- not cheap -RRB- and now I have to send it back plus they do not honor Amazon Prime Shipping Think this time I am just going to buy from a Name Brand REPUTABLE company . If this is `` Warm Things '' Supremium , that being the best they have , we do n't need them . Pacific Coast and Lands End make a beautiful product ... may look at them again and The Company Store is very good also . Do n't make the same mistake I did -
 I BOUGHT THIS SO MY BED WO N'T SLIDE ON MY TILE FLOOR BUT IT DID NOT WORK BUT I 'M NOT SURE THIS PRODUCT IS RECOMMENEDED FOR THAT USE . MY SISTER IN LAW USES IT IN HER KITCHEN UNDER A BIG WOOD BLOCK OVER HER TABLE AND IT IS GREAT FOR THAT AND DOES NOT BUDGE !! I WILL TRY SOMETHING ELSE TO MAKE MY BED NOT SLIDE , I WAS JUST TRYING THIS .
 I recieved these as a gift , and the lids started breaking after 5 months of use .
 I only gave these two stars because they do half the job of storing food/items . I thought these would be sturdy like the ones I found at Wal-Mart , but they were soooooo cheaply made . The lids are barely attached and can `` wiggle '' . The metal parts are so thin and cheap . I do like the included spoons though . I do n't believe these containers create air-tight seals , but did n't read if the description said they do . The IDEAL acrylic containers have thicker , sturdier lids with rubber `` stoppers '' for airtightness , and are `` double-walled '' -LRB- I do n't know how else to put it -RRB- sort of like for insulation ? They feel heavier like glass . Do n't buy these .
 Even though i love stainless steel containers and the container part of these canisters are sturdy - and are easy to wash and do n't stain or keep odors - the hinge is so fragile it warped pretty soon after i bought them.I have 3 of these - 2 of the 4 cup canisters and 1 of the larger 6 cup canisters and ALL of them have a lid that no longer closes properly . At some point the metal hinge bent and so now the lid does n't fit without a gap - so there no longer airtight . Just today i had some soup stored in the large one and as i took it out of the fridge , it spilled some on the floor because i must have not kept it fully vertical . It spills its contents very easily.I like the idea of these things , just the application is very poor and I 'm surprised the manufacturer did n't spend any time actually testing them.I use the ones I have , but i would never buy any more even though i want to buy more stainless steel containers . You 'll be disappointed if you buy these .
 Not worth the price . Short life-span -LRB- months , not years -RRB- . Look okay and no trouble with closure , but cannisters rust and mark countertops .
 This item actually cost me money for the shipping cost incurred when returning the item.These items seem great , but the flaw is the opening clasp is very week and when you close it you ca n't tell if its closed all the way . As you try to close it all the way the metal clasp bends all the way back . You can bend it back easily with little effort , but as we all know bending metal back and forth a few times will cause it to break off .
 I should have heeded the warnings about these canisters as the seals fall off every single time you open them . I wasted my money on these and now am going to have to spend even more money finding better quality ones .
 Cheap . Cheap . Cheap . Not worth the money . Rubber ring failed and could n't get it to fit back in . Also thin construction . For this price , I assumed it would be good . It 's not .
 I have had these cannisters for four years since my wedding . They silicone rings began falling off less than three months after purchasing them , but I could n't justify buying something new at the time . Over time , the cheap plastic lids have started cracking -LRB- They are just sitting on the counter in my kitchen and not stacked on each other or anything -RRB- . I no longer feel like these are keeping my baking goods fresh -- sugar clumps , brown sugar dry , etc. . What a waste ! If you want a permanant storage solution , this is not it ... you 're better off keeping your food in it 's original packaging and using a ziplock bag ... they seal better than these !
 When these arrived , they looked nice . Once the tops were opened for the first time , it became clear that they were poor quality . The lids on all but one of the 4 containers were off to the side and when the latch was closed there were large gaps between the lid and the container due to the tops being off center . These are not airtight like the title implies . Maybe if you carefully guided the top down with one hand while you flipped the latch with the other hand you could get the top to line up until the latch is down . These are being sent back .
 I bought these from a kitchen store and I 'm pretty disappointed . They are a nice size for storing flour and sugar , but the pros end about there . The two smaller canisters are quite loose and do n't seal at all - you can actually lift up the lid of the smallest one and create a visible gap . Not ideal to keep sugar fresh . Also , as at least one other reviewer noted , they are most certainly not stainless because there are flecks of rust all over them after not even a year -LRB- and they do n't get wet -RRB- .
 Nice container and very economical . It has silicone seals that keep the air out . However the lids shift side to side , and the seals shift from their original position , so it does not have a quality feel . Have to reposition the seals and maneuver the hinges so they work well .
 ... but once they 're actually in your hand they look and feel like they 're from the Dollar store . They rubber rings that create a seal between the lid and the can constantly fall off . The cans themselves are super thin aluminum that feels cheap . I 'm just keeping cashews and almounds in them so I imagine the will work ok , but real low quality .
 These are the worst thing I have ever gotten from amazon . They do n't close once opened once . The top will open but then the cheep rubber moves immediately and can not be resealed even with quite a bit of tinkering . This happened the first time I opened each of the four canisters , not after using them even . The are made out of the cheapest of materials . Please do n't waist your money .
 Do not buy this item !! I bought it in Jan 2011 and they are all rusted on the bottom !!! This was the worst purchase I ever made ... stay clear !!!
 I was n't as impressed with these canisters as I had hoped , not for the price . They have the look I wanted , but not the quality I had hoped . They are very light and the top piece is cheap plastic . I have compared them to some I had almost purchased at Bed , Bath & Beyond . For the same price , I could 've got heavy duty containers with glass tops . But they do seal well , so they perform their main purpose . Also , be careful when washing them -LRB- I recommend hand washing , I do n't think they will withstand a dishwasher -RRB- , the water kind of gets trapped between top piece and the rubber ring that seals the cannister . You have to dry really well or water will leak into the cannister .65 % Satisfaction
 These look great , but are cheaply made . I already had to return these once because they were dented as soon as they were unpackaged ! After use they fall apart ! The silicone seal warped and fell off , which means that the canisters ca n't seal tightly . The plastic rim around the lid also cracked easily.Splurge a little and buy a better quality set !
 This maybe the Cheapest Made Canister Set ever manufactured ! I have been looking for a descent canister set for a Christmas gift -LRB- not the cheap see-through plastic ... and not the high-end decorative sets -RRB- and I have looked at several different sets in-store and on-line . I 'm not a canister professional but I know what feels right when considering fit - finish - and functionality ... and this set is Not It!The set is visually appealing and looks sharp but does not fit any functional criteria . The &#34; stainless &#34; is so thin , the acrylic plastic lid has no weight , and the hardware is made so cheap . The seal on the lid actually seals well when you finally get all the hardware to line up and close properly.I 'm going to recommend to Amazon -LRB- when I return them -RRB- that they no longer associate their name with this product . I would not even consider giving this set away for a White Elephant Gift Exchange where you want to get rid of stuff around the house . For other people who will receive these canisters as a gift this year ... I 'm certain you will find these same canisters on your local Garage Sale Table this coming spring for about a $ 2.50 - $ 5.00 for the set because that 's what you should be able to get at the scrap yard for the stainless . Happy Shopping !
 Used for about 4 months , everything works OK , Keeps everything fresh , however , the metal canisters leave marks on the tile counter top .
 I have OGGI 's toothpick holder , soap dispenser 's -LRB- 3 -RRB- and these canisters.Which every single one of them has some sort of rust on them.I threw away the soap dispensers because it started to stain the counter top and now amlooking for a new toothpick dispenser and these canisters ... sigh.I did n't even put them in the dishwasher it has been all hand washed and rust is forming.Also the silicone seal starts to stretch out and every time you open the lid it slides off andyou have to keep putting it on every time you use it . It starts to get annoying.OGGI probably uses cheap stainless and silicone if both do n't hold up for a year.I think they should upgrade the quality and sure it 'll be more expensive but if they make goodquality items the name will soon be `` looked at '' as a company who sells quality items and people willpay the extra money . If they keep making it with rusty stainless and stretched out silicones soontheir name will be a `` BEWARE '' company . This will be my last OGGI product for me .
 they ARE NOT AIR TIGHT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! they are nice on the eyes and look good in the kitichen . i just put my goods in a ziplock bag in the canister .
 Let me begin by saying that this product is well put together and holds the OXO brushes well . I like the design and it is easy to use . Emptying the tray is simple . For the first week the product was exactly what I had hoped for.Now onto the fatal flaw . This product is clearly advertised as being made of stainless steel . There is even a big sticker on the bottom of the tray reminding the user that it is stainless steel . This is a false claim . The product began to rust within two weeks of moderate use . Every part of tray that water touches -LRB- basically the entire thing -RRB- is clearly showing rust .
 I bought this at Bed Bath & Beyond for $ 24.99 recently - I have no idea why - I think I was intoxicated by the wall-o-gadgets and the bright lighting . Anyway - I 'm returning today . It 's lame ! My complaint is mostly with the Oxo brush and sponge scrubbers that go with it -LRB- you have to purchase them separately -RRB- and the way they LEAK dishsoap down the handles . I 'd understand if it was happening with just one of them - things are duddy sometimes - but this is happening with BOTH of them . Poor design.This tray , though - it 's basically a petri dish for growing bacteria in the gross water it catches . You have to clean it out all the time or it will literally stink up your kitchen . JUST SAY NO . You do n't need trendy matchy match stuff for your kitchen . If you think the cheaper -LRB- but better made -RRB- sponge holders are ugly , stick them under the cabinet . This thing is just a total waste of money .
 looks nice ; but is not functional . You have to hold the base to take out brushes -LRB- or insert them -RRB- , also it could be a bit bigger , you have to squeeze everything in .
 Recently purchased the product is rusting and was overpriced check your local Target before buying I found it for $ 11.99 . Its beginning to be too difficult to return things on Amazon . Sorry just not pleased at all with Amazon or product purchased .
 I bought this in September 2009 . It is meant to be near water . It is rusting at all the junction points . I 'm disappointed . It works pretty well as an organizer although things do tip out of their slot at times . You have to hold all the items in it to empty the plastic water catcher below the stainless steel drain . If it is stainless steel , why does it rust ?
 Great looking design that works well with the other Oxo sink accessories , but the fact that it rusts easily is a deal breaker . It 's too bad because I love all my other Oxo sink accessories -LRB- like the soap pump , soap dispensing brush , etc. -RRB- , and it would have been nice to have a matching organizer for all of them .
 It is nice looking , and it does its job , but it started rusting pretty fast.I would not buy another .
 Looks sharp , but it 's rusting after 3 weeks of use . The brush holder fits a soap dispenser nicely . They need to make it out of aluminum or stainless steel , not this `` stainless '' steel they claim to make it out of .
 The rusting and collection of stagnant water in the tray are a problem , yes , -LRB- the first is avoidable ; the second inevitable -RRB- but the worst for me is that OXO 's own brushes do n't fit into the holder well . They fit , but not right . The rubber push-pad on the brush handle hits the top of the wire holder if you put the brush into the holder with the bristles over the drip tray . This is the most logical way to place the brush so that water drips into the tray and not onto the counter , but because the wire holder comes up a scant half - or even quarter-inch too high , I have to turn the brush outward , with the result that the drips go onto the counter instead . I 've tried this with both types of OXO brush holders , the all-steel one and the plastic one ; it 's the same with both , although the plastic ones seems to fit a bit better . Apparently no one at OXO actually tried these together . Maybe they were n't meant to be used together ? If not , why not ? Not the quality I expect from OXO .
 Considering it 's a sink organizer that 's bound to be near a lot of water , OXO really should make it less prone to rusting . As it is , it quickly develops rust spots within weeks of usage.So no , definitely not recommended .
 Bought this product and within a few weeks it started RUSTING ! Rust and dishes are not a healthy combination . Chinese stainless steel for you . Would n't be surprised if it contained lead as well . Remember the toothpaste , the dog food and the childrens ' toys ! No other country they sent the same products to had any lead in their shipments .
 It 's been almost a month and It is tarnished . I can not return the item because of return window is expired . Do not buy this item . If I did buy this from a store , I could return it in a year .
 I used to keep my dish brushes in the sink and could never find them under the dishes , so I purchased this organizer . I loved it at first . It looked nice and held both our dish brushes and our soap dispenser . However , after several weeks , it started to rust . Not only that , a black stain started to form underneath it on our counter . No matter how often I cleaned the bottom , the black stain would come back and it was very hard to get clean . After a couple of months of dealing with this rusty organizer and stained counter , I just gave up and threw it away . I really wish it had been made better and been able to withstand being wet . This is not a good product and I do not recommend it .
 I have to agree with the reviews that say it looks nice and hold the brushes well ... but it rusted almost immediately . I 'm also not a fan of the accumulation of gross water that it catches . Very disappointing , especially at this price .
 seller has a pic of a 22oz candle when it is a 10oz . Do n't bee fooled , but it at the store for the same price and get what you pay for .
 Although it looks very nice , this item is a failure.I found it to rust inside after about a month.Once rusted , no matter how you clean it , it will rerust.I have quite a few items from the `` Naturewood '' collection as it is our pattern and this item is one of the rare bad items .
 Like the other reviewer , my kettle rusted . It took about 6-8 months for rust to develop , but now every cup of tea from it tastes like an iron supplement.This is very disappointing because I , too , have generally found this line to be of high quality and was surprised to find rust so early . Back to my humble Korean stainless steel kettle from Freecycle ... The enameled finish also chipped on the exterior without any obvious accidents/bashings . I 'm not sure what happened here .
 This looked like cheap plastic -- very yellow . Not the luster of marble , but a shiny cheap material.This did n't have the high end look I desired , so returned it ASAP .
 The item shown in the photo here is NOT the one I purchased . The one I bought was from a seller called coolstuff4u . The figurine I have is made of white resin and looks like marble . Mine is quite beautiful . The firgurines are similar but the base and position of the sword are different . Also , mine has gold accents on the helmet , sword and the shield on the horse 's chest . The only reason I rated this a one star is the fact that the item pictured is NOT the one I have purchased . If , in fact , it was correct , I would give the item 5 stars and the seller as well .
 Tastes like water , costs like whiskey -LRB- when ordered mail order -RRB- are you people nuts ? Just drink tap water - filter it if you have to .
 Not the item I expected to receive . Seemed more plastic and smaller than I needed . I do n't believe it was advertised incorrectely , it just was n't the item I was looking for . The plastic base they suggested to purchase with the dish drain was way too small . I sent back the entire shipment .
 I purchased this rack as a Christmas gift for a friend . She would always compliment me on my wooden $ 5.00 rack I purchased from IKEA well over 4 years ago . So I thought , certainly I wo n't get a really good friend a $ 5.00 gift , let me search for a more expensive one . Well , this rack is very massive , much larger that it appears in the picture . Surprisingly , it is excessively flimsy . It is designed for glasses to be placed on the upright prongs , but unless you have enough items to balance the rack , the glass will bend the prong and slide right off . Trust me I am speaking from experience . I wanted to see the gift I purchased in action . Here 's what happened
 I should have read the reviews before I bought . It will not hold dinner plates . The vendor was wonderful about the return , though .
 This is not what I had expected . It is not stainless and does not have lustre . I also had to use cable ties to secure it from falling flat when a cup or plate is placed on it . I just replaced one that I had over 10 years , only because it was black . Very disappointed but it 's too late to return since i had dumped the older version . i would not reccommended this to anyone . Will continue to shop for a chrome version .
 Hi , It will be returned for replacement as it was damaged goods . The rack will not stand up . My daughter-in-law who received it for Christmas will be returning it for replacement . Thank you , Anne Harding
 I wish I had payed attention to the negative reviews I read about this product before I ordered it . I found this rack would n't hold plates larger than an 81/2 inch luncheon plate , making it useless for draining dishes . I returned it to Stacks and Stacks and it was delivered to them on May 1 but as of May 12 , I still have n't received a credit for the return . If I do receive a credit , it will be of little value to me because it cost about $ 14 for the return postage . I seriously considered just putting it into the garbage , but did n't think Stack & Stack should be able to sell this product without any repercussion .
 I 've used Rubbermaid brand grip liner and it 's definitely got more grip . This does provide some cushioning for glassware but I purchased it in order to stop utensil holders from moving each time a drawer is opened . This brand does n't do that . The holder slides and the liner itself slides pretty freely where on the drawer side , too .
 I bought this to line the inside of my kitchen cabinets . I was very disappointed w / the extremely poor quality . It looks -LRB- & feels -RRB- like cheap paper towels . Definitely a mistake & not @ all worth the money .
 THE DESCRIPTION SAID THE COLOR WAS WHITE AND WHEN IT ARRIVED ON THE OUTSIDE WAS ALSO MARKED `` WHITE '' ... . AS I HAVE WHITE CABINETS . THE COLOR THAT IT REALLY IS A TRUE OFF WHITE / ECRU . . VERY YELLOW COLOR . . IT IS NOT JUST A NICE OFF WHITE . . IT IS BIEGE / YELLOW / OFF WHITE . . I OPENED BEFORE I REALIZED AS I THOUGHT IT WAS TAN WRAPPING PAPER AROUND WHITE ROLL . . IF COLOR DOESNT MATTER . . THEN OK . . IF IT DOES AND YOU WANT WHITE . . THIS IS N'T IT . . I DO N'T LIKE WHEN I ORDER EXPECTING ONE THING AND GET ANOTHER . . ANNOYED . . THX
 I use my knives for work and my 10 '' knives see a lot of products . This one is on the light weight side , it dose the job but for higher bucks I am getting something I can really rip , chop , slice and destroy any thing in my path.Thank you .
 the tines bent after the first use !!! do not buy this fork , it 's awful , awful , awful , awful , awful , awful awful ;
 I used this machine twice , the first time it worked like a charm , by the second use it was deteriorating , and when I attempted a 3rd it was unusable . The internal parts are as thin as tinfoil and bend out of place very easy -LRB- and unfortuneatly do n't bend back -RRB- making the machine useless . Spend a bit more and get something that will last .
 Product has nice finish and is a good size . Delivered promptly . But design is very flawed . Would not stay open due to the manufacturing and design . Absolutely no good and will be sent back very soon .
 All those other reviewers who said that this dish rack is too small for actual dishes are correct . It does n't fit standard sized plates and certainly not stuff like cookie sheets , etc. -LRB- as did my most recent dishrack -RRB- . THis is due to poor design , not size . Do not buy .
 1 . DISHES TIP . Ca n't hold dishes upright because there are two parallel bars going across . See what the yellow mug 's rim is resting against in the photo ? That 's what wo n't allow your dishes to get deep enough to stand up on their own . How ridiculous to have a dishrack that CA N'T HOLD DISHES > 2 . CATCHES SLIP . Worst of all , this thing collapses on its own , when those two catches you see on the bottom left front and bottom back left start working themselves out of there . I had to use scrabble tiles to prop them in there , but that did n't work after awhile .3 . PODS SLIP . Even on the non-slip mats that I COULD find -LRB- see # 4 -RRB- ALMOST large enough to accommodate this rack , those four feet needed rubber pads on them so that the whole rack wo n't slide back and forth on the mat .4 . IMPOSSIBLE TO FIND A LARGE ENOUGH MAT for underneath this rack . I 've tried about 4 of them . Shopped everywhere for one . Ca n't find it.I retired mine today , having finally had enough of falling dishes and spontaneous collapse .
 I have the dish rack for 2 days now.Just now as I was doing dishes , it somehow folded and the plate that was on top - fell down and broke
 It seemed simple enough to pull it open and stand it up , but the grooves in the bottom are too smooth and it does n't catch . Quite worthless as it does n't stand . Save your money and buy something else .
 This rack looked a bit more clever than the usual dish dryer rack . It folds , and unlike the bamboo version of this design - I thought it would n't get moldy . Upon arrival , the rack set up nicely , only we discovered it is too large for the large dish drainer board we ordered with it . So it slides around a bit . And then it collapses when you put large dishes on the rack - so basically it 's useless unless you wash only 5 dishes at a time . Disappointing , as the design is a good idea - just looks like it was shoddy in the execution . Waste of money .
 I received it yesterday and went ahead and used it . The thing collapsed after I put a few items and broke a few glass items . Also be aware that a `` normal '' plate will not fit as the picture shows . This rack will fit small plates . Needless to say I just threw the damn thing away . I did n't bother boxing it back up and returning it .
 My order arrived to my home slightly damaged . Although the seller discounted the item because of this scratch , the actual cooler barely keeps the wine cool . I will probably have to purchase another cooler to replace the one that was with the cabinet . All in all , for that much money , I am very very disappointed in the product .
 This poster is available from a bunch of retailers including this own site for much much under this price . Just because a six dollar poster has a two dollar aluminum frame does not mean that it should be priced over twelve times its worth .
 Love the color and size . Disappointed with the quality . It cracked within a month .
 I really wanted this to work . I could have bought a different kind at Target for less but I thought this one would be better . I really need one that drains from the short side , like other reviewers . Why is it so hard to find boards that do that ? This one though , is not worth the money . It looks nice , which is why I gave it 2 stars . But it is SO flimsy , and the slope is not steep . Once I put my dish drainer on it , the board bows in the middle and the water pools up . I actually had to set this new board on top of my old and stained but firm and sloped board that I 've had forever . Such a bummer really . Looks like I 'll have to get the one from my physical Target store after all .
 The act of cooking is n't the only creative thing that goes on in a kitchen -LRB- no I 'm not talking about the postman always rings twice -RRB- Thanks to this useless item , you will learn that instead of draining water you can craft a perfect tuna roll for how thin and malleable this &#34; thing &#34; is . Again , another item to export one way ticket to Mars . Save yourself money , time and the condescending conversation with the dull Amazon customer service gang .
 I was looking for a set of steak knives and came across the infomercial one night . It sounded great and much cheaper then the Henckels of the world . And look at all the different types of knives . NOT WORTH IT . These knives do n't cut well at all -LRB- as compared to my Henckel knife -RRB- . I wish I did n't buy it and just purchased a couple of good quality knives.Also , the block holder is HUGE ! It takes up too much space .
 OK . Time to buy my yearly supply of filters . Had my purifier for many years . Loved it . UNTIL NOW . The filters arrived . No box . Just celaphaned flat filters/prefilters labelled `` RFPC55 '' . Trouble was , the filter looked NOTHING and I repeat NOTHING like the Slant/Fin filter combo I have used for many years . This Filters-Now Company claimed the filters they sent me were superior to the Slant/Fin replacement filters I ordered.Differences included :1 . no foam sleeve for the filter .2 . Slant/Fin filter is porous flexible filter -LRB- similar to my vacuum 's pre-hepa filter -RRB- encased in a porous foam sleeve . It is made by 3M and called Filtrete . The Filters-Now `` replacement '' filter has some sort of multi strand fiber material glued or burned to each side of the flexible filter -LRB- instead of encasing the filter entirely in a foam sleeve -RRB- ; this means the filter is exposed on all edges and the filter is very hard . I wondered if there are any gas off effects to be considered with these replacement filters . Also wondered how glue or burning this strand stuff to the filter affects the ability of the filter to actually process air .3 . The Slant/Fin prefilter has a super fine micro-perforated pellon like sleeve - reminds me of the outer casement of a breathable medical gauze pad . The inside looks like fine layers of cotton - not glued at all-think loose cotton ball material laid very flat . It has some sort of activated carbon properties to it . The Filters-Now prefilter appears to be only a single layer of some sort of denser cotton like material - reminds me of batting , close to a 1/16th of an inch thick , perforated on one side -LRB- I did not take it out of its celaphane wrapper , as it will be returned shortly -RRB- . I see no carbon activated material at all .4 . Both are too small . The width is 1/4 inch too small and the length is between a 1/2 and 5/8 inch too small . I believe the reason for the difference was the substitution of the glued or burned on fiber strand stuff instead of the foam sleeve used by Slant/Fin -LRB- or whoever made their replacement filters -RRB- and the omission of the pellon sleeve on the prefilter . Of course that is just a guess . Regardless of the why , the directions for the Slant/Fin replacement filters found on the box say this - `` Install new filters in housing . Install with white filter inside ; foam filter covers white filter . Be sure both ends form a proper seal to prevent air from bypassing filter '' . The Slant/Fin replacements fit tight ! These Filters-Now filters had no instructions , no box , and by their own design create bypassing areas . I had to ask myself - What sort of air will result ? Could ill-fitting filters possibly create a shorter life for the device overall?I phoned Filters-Now as soon as I opened this package and saw they were completely different from what I expected ! They claimed their filters are `` superior '' to Slant/Fin 's . They also claimed Slant/Fin `` went out of business '' . According to Slant/Fin , they did NOT go out of business ; they SOLD this particular air purifier business to KAZ USA INC. . KAZ claims they will be making filters for this purifier but they do not have a firm production schedule yet . They guessimated it would be three months . I have no idea how long ago Slant Fin sold this purifier business.In my book , if something does n't fit properly , I ca n't count it as `` superior '' . What I ca n't quite figure out is why this company did not immediately offer for UPS to pick their stuff up and provide me with a credit for the entire amount , including shipping ! I hope this is not going to get ugly . After all , clearly I ordered in good faith . For heavens sake , the Amazon page has a photo of the same Slant/Fin replacement filter box I have ordered before ! Nowhere does the description alert a customer that the item will differ from the photo 'd item ! I am awaiting a phone call tomorrow from this company.For the record , the only thing I found superior was Filters-Now unit price !
 We have owed these plates in white for quite some years . maybe six or more . I just replaced all of them with a set from Crate and Barrell . They are heavy and seemingly well made but they have been faulty in a a number of ways . First my biggest complaint is on the white plates everytime you happen to scrape them with silverware it leaves a permanent mark . Never wash anything stainless near them in the diawasher since it will mark it up there as well if it rubs up against them . After years of use they looked horrible with marks all over them . They also seemed to chip very easily . So between the chips and marks all over them I could n't take looking at them anymore . They also are not good in the microwave . They get very hot and the food not so much . I would not recommend for everyday use . Maybe the dark colors would show less marks but if they chip it will be very noticable . My advice is to purchase bone china or porcelain . I will never buy these again .
 I love using these bowls as corporate gifts and purchased this one , the large bowl , and the vase in May . While they arrived intact , they were very dusty , the boxes they came in were crushed and not useable to include in the gifting and the interior was badly scratched . They almost seemed used , not new . I have them engraved on the rim and had to pay extra for them to be buffed clean of scratches .
 I gave these four stars initially because they were cheap , did the job , and seemed to hold up pretty well despite being thin . However , these are not airtight as the description states which pretty much renders them useless . I used these to store flour , rice , cereals , and pet treats and all of the cannisters ended up with bugs in them . A lot of stuff to throw away . You 're better off saving money in the longrun by spending more money upfront on better containers .
 I was originally going to buy ClickClack -LRB- made in New Zealand -RRB- storage containers . To save money I bought these -LRB- China-made -RRB- containers instead and it was a big mistake . The first bad sign was a long black hair stuck in one of the containers . The soft plastic parts of the lids that seal the containers had rough edges and were poorly trimmed . The clear plastic of the containers had all sorts of scuff marks . The final straw came when I dropped one from about 3 feet and 3 inches of the lip broke off , rendering the container useless for airtight storage -- and that 's assuming that the somewhat loose-fitting lids actually make the containers airtight . If you want containers like these , spend the money on ClickClack or some other quality brand . I 'm surprised Target sells these at all .
 Loved the idea of this rack ... whenever I entertain I end up with half-sheet pans all over the place . So I finally ordered it ... and although supposedly out of stock , I was thrilled to get it right away . I am soooo disappointed ! The top two racks are not level ... they angle dramatically upward and anything on the tray will easily slide to the side . So sadly , I packed it back up and I 'm about to request a return authorization . I always carefully check reviews before ordering , but missed the one -LRB- out of close to 70 mostly glowing accounts -RRB- with a similar complaint . Because I still love the concept and the item did get an average 4.5 star rating ... I 'll request an exchange ... though its a tad unnerving that the aforementioned customer is on their THIRD rack which `` seems fine '' . Hope my replacement works ...
 The rack is stable , easy to set up , easy to fold back up , and seems like a great idea . However , my second shelf is crooked - the screw holding it up was drilled in too low so it slants about 1/4 inch to one side . The other three shelves are fine . I 'd guess this one is a lemon and they are n't all like that . But be warned . You might get a crooked one too . Also , paint is chipped at the front of the third shelf.Also the back corners on the bottom are SHARP , and a small corner of each end of the lowest rack protrudes down when the rack is open -- small = pointy . So not only does it scratch the counter if you slide it to a different spot , but it will leave two small dings when a lot of weight -LRB- pizza stones ! -RRB- is sat on them . I have a crummy old laminate countertop , so it matters less to me , but it would be a bad idea to put it on a nice counter without a towel underneath . A couple of clear rubbery things fell off when it was pulled out of the package . They were already ripped , so assuming they are for packaging purposes and not meant to be permanent surface protectors.EDIT - got a replacement for the one with the crooked shelf , and the new one has a broken back support -LRB- there are two small bars across the back ; on this one , the top one is not attached to the opposite side -RRB- . But , all shelves are straight , and no paint is chipped . The clear rubbery things are definitely for packaging purposes only , as there is no way to open the rack and not pop them off . Trying to exchange it for another ... EDIT - third one seems fine , though it still has the very sharp back corners when the rack is open . Getting out the silver sharpie pen to write on a reminder ...
 lets just say more then a few sheets of cookies were slide off and spilled everywhere it did n't hold up and its rails/arms were bent on more of the four arm brackets then it should have been , not at all stable either . Guess its definitely back to stacking the trays all over avalible counter and table space instead , after such a chaotic mess everywhere ...
 This product is NOT what is pictured ; the back is not included . Nothing here indicates that you will get only part of what you see . When I did not receive what is pictured , the seller offered me a refund , but I do not think that makes up for misrepresentation of the product .
 This product is not what is advertised on Amazon . It is only the seat and not the back . I called the company to try to get some satisfaction from them but they would only offer that I could return the product . I do n't want the hassles or expense of returning the product . I want what I ordered !
 The picture shows both pieces but only the bottom cushion comes . Not a complete waste of money but it is definitely misleading and useless to have only the bottom pad .
 This product is not what is shown . I was totally disappointed . I will never purchase anything from HomeVision again , and perhaps not Amazon.com .
 We bought this , because the picture showed both cusions , very dissapointing . We bought it for my rocking chair , so I could rock my newborn baby very comfortably ...
 The picture of the rocker cushions that was shown was misleading . I was expecting a set -LRB- seat and back -RRB- , and only the seat showed up at my door . I was disappointed and then returned it .
 I am using this one but I find that the slant is not high enough and the water does not drain into the sink . I have had to put things under the board to create higher slant so that the water will move and drain into the sink . Not too happy with this one .
 This product is much too thin and too flat . Should have a raised , back edge so water drains off of it .
 The measurements are inaccurate . It 's not 1.25 '' in height -LRB- more like 1 '' -RRB- and is only 18.5 '' in length -LRB- with a 1.5 '' lip -RRB- . It will NOT fit a dish drying rack that is 20 '' in length . And the tilt-gradation is not significant at all . The material is also a fairly flimsy plastic .
 This is a fairly lightweight drainboard compared to others that I 've bought over the years . It 's a relatively thin , flexible plastic , and not the substantial , rubber-like material that I 'm used to . It worked OK at first but within 3 months of normal use in a small household the `` spillway '' has bowed upwards and it no longer drains . Unfortunately , it seems to be a classic example of `` they do n't make them like they used to '' . I used to get years of use from a drainboard , not months .
 Trying to replace a heavy duty Rubbermaid large drainer board with the drain channels parallel to the longest side . Unfortunately , Rubbermaid no longer makes the product . The Rubbermaid is heavy duty rubber , nicely supported with a good angle for letting the H2O drain into the sink.The Better Houseware 1480/W is cheaply made with almost no support . Not only is it flimsy , but is so lightweight that I doubt it will last very long under normal home use . I sent it back .
 I was disappointed when Rubbermaid stopped making their drainboard . Size is good and it works . I do n't think it will last anywhere as long as the Rubbermaid drainboard did . It was cheap enough so if it does n't last , I 'll get another . I do n't care for plastic .
 Bought to replace a worn-out Rubbermaid drainer board . From the picture I expected something heavy-duty enough to use . This was very thin , flimsy plastic -LRB- not rubber -RRB- , unable to hold the weight of an empty drainer , totally unusable . Do n't buy , a total waste of money .
 the drainer board is to flimsy forms water puddles will not drain , the one I had before was made by rubbermaid . I have had it about 20 years was a very good drainer board was so disappointed with this one . will keep looking for a better one . Hope there is one out there somewhereDonna Horton
 I was not very happy with this dish drainer . It is very thin plastic , not as sturdy as the one I had previously which was made my Rubbermaid.I kept it because it was the right size and the drain part emptied from the long side of the drainer which met my needs.It was also twice as much money as the other drains .
 This is a `` drain '' without sufficient pitch . Probably would work for an undermount sink , but useless for a top mount .
 It does the job . But , the quality is definitely Chinese and not American . Cheapo hard plastic . If only Rubbermaid had the dimensions !
 While this drain board is described as heavy duty , it is definitely NOT . It is quite flimsy and even the manufacturers packaging overlay does not say anything about it being heavy duty . It is hard to find this size/layout for a drain board , but do not expect to find one anywhere close to the quality of the rubbermaid one that has been discontinued . I contacted the Stacks company and they did not return my call as promised .
 I ordered this heavy duty drainboard only to find that the item is nowhere near the quality of the rubbermaid version of a heavy duty drainboard . Additionally , the drainboard is not adequately elevated to allow for proper drainage . I wanted a drainboard which would drain on the short side , this is the only one I found . Too bad I had to pay almost as much as the cost of the item to have it shipped to me . I should have kept looking .
 This is listed as 20 '' long , but my 19.75 '' long Ikea drying rack did not fit in it so I re-measured and it is only 18.5 '' long unless you count the lip part that allows water to drain into the sink ... then it is closer to 19.5 '' . Either way , not correct so I am returning .
 I bought this because the `` drain end '' was on the short side of the drainer , as opposed to the long side.The problem - this thing is cheap and the weight of just 1 or 2 dishes on the rack is enough to flatten it and prevent it from draining . There is no elevation to this at all , and the water just sits in it until you physically life it up to drain it , which defies the point ...
 I bought it for the same reason as everyone else -- I needed a large draining board with the opening on the short side . Because I had looked just about everywhere else with no success , I did n't mind the high price + shipping total -LRB- hey , it 's a seller 's market -RRB- . But I was extremely disappointed at the lack of quality . It 's stiff , relatively thin , and arrived bowed in the middle of the drain area , which prevents water from exiting the pan unless I left it at the other end ... which , as others have noted , can not be done if there are any dishes in the drainer ... the pan 's just not sturdy enough . Because of the afore-mentioned lack of draining , the pan constantly requires washing itself to clean off the mold or whatever it is that likes to grow in wet drain pans .
 I bought this dish drain because i could n't find a big Dish Drain , in Wallmart , K - Mart so i ordered this one & it was n't what i expected . It was very thin & had to put it on top of my old dish drain , they forgot to make it thick , Hello , cheaplly made . I paid $ 20 . for it , what a rip off . The shipping was more that the cost of the dish drain , unreal . Very dissatifyed in this product , i do n't advise buying this diash drain , it sucked .
 This drainboard is exactly the same as the clear one -LRB- except the color -RRB- but this white one was much less expensive when I purchased them both . I ordered both in hopes that the clear one was sturdier since it was more expensive but they are both identically flimsy . However , since they are the only side-drain styled drainboards I could find I 'm stuck . I did keep the white one and return the clear one .
 LOOKS LIKE POTTERY , THE INSIDE FEELS LIKE POTTERY , BUT THE OUTSIDE RAISED EMBLEMS FEELS LIKE ? CA N'T DESCRIBE . THE FEATHERS FEEL REAL , THE SWADE WRAPS ARE STRETCHY AND THIN ... YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR ... IT LOOKS INTERESTING AND WORKS O.K. . IN MY NATIVE AMERICAN DEN , AS LONG AS THE POT STAYS IN THE HUTCH BEHIND THE GLASS . I WOULD HAVE LIKED TO KNOW WHAT THE MATERIAL IS WITH THIS POTTERY ?
 I picked up this garlic press because it had the slicer option . Within a few uses , the paint started to chip off . I do n't fancy paint chips in my food , so it 's useless now . Trying to get a refund . Oh well , it was a pain to clean anyway .
 I bought this fan for my office here in Phoenix . It looked great and worked great for about 2 months before it died . Now it sits silently like a piece of sculpture in the corner of my desk . Totally useless .
 A little too loud , 250W Heat Lamp insufficient for our application - replaced with a Panasonic .7 sones , 1500W Heater , 100 CFM
 First my compliments to Air King for a sturdy housing of consistent size and only slightly out of square . And they were quick to replace the fan unit when I complained that the blower wheel was out of round , out of balance and though mounted in the ceiling was giving me a foot massage from the vibrations transmitted to the tile floor . Unfortunately the new made in China blower is just as bad as the old made in China blower . How bad is it ? I close the door to the master bath and I can hear it . I close the door to the master bedroom and can hear it in all rooms on the second floor . I go down to the main floor and can still hear it in every room . I go into the basement and can still hear it in every room . Considering that I have greater than 50 % hearing loss , it gives zero credence to the advertised 3.5 sones as well as the 4.0 sones listed on the packaging . I wanted the heat lamps so this looked like a good idea . Now I need to choose between a bunch of rewiring and drywall work for a different brand fan-only unit or a small amount of wiring and a $ 280 fantech bathroom retrofit kit . Oh , one more thing
 hot liquids stayed hotter longer in my uncovered Coleman double walled stainless steel mug than in this Copco carafe . I am repurposing this as a toy silver teapot for children 's tea parties .
 I recently bought a new Mighty Mite Vacuum Cleaner and 30 bags for it.I have some severe allergies , so the product sounded perfect for my needs . Unfortunately I was both surprised and alarmed when I took out a bag tried to put it into the machine . There is a rubber flange at the opening which appears to be made of latex rubber . Latex rubber is the one product I am most allergic to and have in the past suffered Anaphylactic Shock and near death due to exposure to it . So I can not touch the bags . This is a real problem when it comes to changing bags in the vacuum cleaner . I have to get someone else to do it . My big complaint is due to the use of a substance to which many people have a serious allergy in the product , and the failure to disclose that information in their product description . It could result in serious injury , or even death to the unsuspecting customer and result in lawsuits .
 this vacuum didnt even suction at all ! waste of my money.I previously owned the Eureka THE BOSS Mighty Mite and that one was wonderful with great suction power but this one did not impress at all . I 'm returning it hoping to get my money back .
 this could be great vacuum bags but dont put it together with a vacuum it doesnt work with . it was a real waste of money
 In September I ordered two sets of 18 '' Rasmussen Chillbuster propane logs . I had arranged for the installation of a propane tank with one of our local propane dealers . That dealer also did our installation of the logs . One set installed and functioned wonderfully . The second set had a problem . The technician that was installing the logs said there was a very small leak somewhere in the appliance itself . That information , when relayed back to Rasmussen was met with total disbelief . They even questioned the ability of the technition himself . The test he used was a certified leak test . He also called it a ` low pressure gage ' . Rasmussen has refused to return phone calls . They have been VERY unresponsive and negative about support for the problems with the one set of logs . Another burner was finally shipped and has been installed successfully ... however , they still maintain there was ` nothing wrong with our logs . ' Well , our propane company refused to install one of their appliances because it would not hold pressure . Both sets are now working wonderfully ... but , if I ever buy logs again ... it will NEVER be Rasmussen.Rasmussen 21 Inch Lone Star Vented Natural Gas Log Set W / F Burner - Match LightRasmussen 36 Inch Evening Prestige Vented Natural Gas Log Set W / LD Burner - Match LightRasmussen 24 Inch Evening Prestige Vented Natural Gas Log Set W / F Burner - Match Light
 I dropped these two inches from my hands to the counter and it chipped ! You even have to be careful stacking them so they wo n't chip . I spent a few more dollars and bought corell , and have n't broken a plate in over a year !
 yes the bell is so small and ... not bad but really small its fine any way ...
 I would not recommend this product . It is not like a pampered chef garlic press . The plunger is too small for the vessel , so the garlic is squeezed up the sides instead of down through the intended holes . And , the second time I used it , the two pieces of the press came apart . I can put them back together , but it is not what I expect in quality . Not worth spending the money to send it back . My daughter took my pampered chef press and I want it back !
 this is definetly a no for me ! having silver colored garlic in my meal ?? i wonder how healthy would that be . I owned this garlic press for 4 months and that is what i 'm constantly getting out of it now ... in the garbadge it goes !
 I got this for Christmas -LRB- 3 months ago -RRB- and the finish is already coming off . I use this item about 3 times per week for about 3-4 garlic cloves per time . I would say this is moderate use for a garlic press . I wash it by hand and use the little tool to remove the garlic skins but the finish is chipping on the hinge and in the cavity that holds the garlic clove . The press does do a good job of mincing the garlic but when I replace this item -LRB- sooner than I was planning -RRB- I will not buy this model again . I really do not want whatever the finish is made from in the food that I prepare for my family . Overall , I am disappointed that this is wearing out after only three months of use .
 This cheap contraption fell apart . All of the hinges unhinged . And the space where you put the garlic is really small . Fits maybe 2 cloves . I 'd spend my money elsewhere .
 This garlic press looks metal in the picture , but it is n't . It 's very flimsy and wo n't last long . I 've never seen a garlic press so cheaply made . The cleaner that comes with it is hard to clean , because pieces of the garlic skin get stuck between the teeth . Do n't waste your money on this .
 The garlic press works . This is my first Garlic Press . So I can not compare it with other garlic press . But after one use , I have decided to chop garlic myself the old fashion way with a large Chinese clever knife . It 's a lot faster than using this garlic press.If you decide to use this garlic press , be prepared a lot garlic stuck in those little holes . I have not found an easy way to get those garlic out , other than high pressure water to wash them out . Needless to say , a lot garlic down to drain . I 'd rather eat garlic , instead of washing them into a drain .
 DO NOT BUY . I used it once and it broke at the hinge . It looks like a cheap casting in the broken section . In addition to the weak hinge , the way the press operates is not well designed .
 The first time I used the press it seemed to function properly . After several uses , however , the silver coating/paint came off on the garlic I was pressing ... pretty gross and unhygienic . If I had n't been paying attention my guests would have eaten silver-coated garlic .
 Fell apart after 11 months of very light use . Seems to be a quality product , but that is deceptive . I strongly urge you to look elsewhere .
 I 've owned 4/5 garlic presses over the years and this one looks good and works good when new , but it 's pure junk !!! do n't try to save money buying this cheapo press - it 's not worth it !!!
 First the good points
 My Rubbermaid wheeled Roughneck 32Gal trash cans , circa 2003 , are 201/2 inches diameter at the top . These lids are 221/2 inches dia . and way too big . They `` sort of '' fit and if you put them on sideways the handles will clamp them on , although very loosely . Any amount of wind will blow them off . It costs more than its worth to return them . The data in the ad said they were 20.4 '' so I was led to believe they would be the right replacement but it does n't do any good to measure carefully and check the specs when the ad lies to you
 This trash can lid is described as fitting any 32GAL Trash can , that is not the case , it did not fit our regular 32GAL Rubbermaid . We decided to keep them as it covers and fastens under the handle , however it is too large for it.Update : The description for this lid has been altered , when I purchased it , the details and description stated the lid would fit any Rubbermaid trashcan 32Gal . Since that is what it claimed I purchased it only to find out it did not fit my Rubbermaid . I do not own the Roughneck Trashcan and so can not review the product as it is described to be used now . I am keeping my 2 star review because I am still stuck with wrong lid for my Rubbermaid thanks to the description this product had when I purchased it .
 The lid I received was too big , they do n't have a lid for my size barrel , it was cheaper to chuck it rather than send it back .
 Was n't accurate with the size of our garbage cans and the lids are too big . Problem is that it is too expensive to send back for refund and I ca n't find anyone who has these giant size garbage cans . Thinking about putting them on Craig 's List for FREE just to get rid of them . Will be much more careful in the future when I order on line !!!!
 Trash can lids do n't fit my Rubbermaid cans . I ordered three and might not return them as it probably costs more than it 's worth . I saw a lot of reviews stating the size issue , but I positively thought they 'd fit mine . They 're about 2 inches bigger than the can.I might return them or maybe just recycle them , but I 'm still stuck without any covers .
 Does NOT fit my 32 gallon rubbermaid can , returning it is too much of a hassle . Save your money !
 I should have listened to the other reviews . Even though we had 32 gallon Rubbermaid roughneck garbage cans , this one was too big . It does fit an old can without wheels , but that 's not the one we needed . If you 're thinking about this one , measure .
 We use 4 square/oblong w/wheels for garden ` stuff ` Dollar General $ 15 and $ 20 depending on sizeThen butt together fronts with handles to outside and secure lids across top w/each end of bungee cord looped into handle - $ 2 . IF cracks in lids develop cover w / $ 1 shower curtain or vinyl picnic table cloth and bungee around . After 60 and 65MPH winds yesterday -LSB- 2/25/11 -RSB- - all still intact outside - and bins more colorful depending on what U cover them with .
 El material de estas piesas no es lo que esperaba . No cocinan bien los alimentos . No me gusto para nada .
 Although we left the cover up and made sure not to burn or crimp the wire this thermometer did n't work . It seriously underestimated temperature , so we returned it . It definitely looked nice though and would have been great if it worked . Maybe we just got a defective one ?
 I purchased this as it was top rated by Cooks Illustrated Magazine . The first use proved that it was wildly inaccurate as compared to 2 other reliable instant read thermometers . Buy stuff like this locally as it is a hassle to exchange via the mail .
 This is a cheap piece of junk . The base wo n't communicate with the remote even after extensive review of directions and trying different channel selections as directed . The plastic housings are so lightweight I do n't think it 'd survive ordinary outdoor use either . Certianly not a drop off your grill . Felt like I had to handle it gingerly so I did n't crush it with my hands . This one is going back - Sorry AZ. .
 This thermometer worked well once or twice , and then it quit on me . I 'm hoping to return it for something better .
 Product read 140 degrees on meat that was directly out of fridgerator . With in 1 minute product read 150 degrees . did n't work at all ca n't tell you if it ever read right due to BQ fire .
 Very disappointed . Worked first time I used it but not the second time . Was told by seller that spare probes are not available . I no longer have any proof of purcahse so I 'm sol .
 This is difficult to use , and though I 've only used it a few times , it does n't seem to be working , although I may be able to `` program '' it if I again read the owner 's manual -LRB- for a meat thermometer ? -RRB- .
 I bought this for use with an outdoor smoker and it was very much less than expected . very little programming ability . The little programming available is not intuitive and can easily be canceled inadvertantly . I am going to attempt to return and purchase another brand .
 I LOVE to grill but I keep my grill a fair distance from my house while cooking so you can imagine the excitment I had in purchasing this item with the wireless transmitter . First , it took more than 1/2 an hour to get the two pieces to communicate with each other . Secondly , and worst of all , on just my second attempt using it I was watching my pork roast temperature from the comfort of my kitchen when the temperature value jumped to `` HIGH '' . I immediately went out to check it and the probe is DEAD !!! There 's no way to purchase a replacement probe so the whole thing is just a fancy kitchen timer !! Taylor is NO HELP !!
 This product was not made for fish lovers , as all the predefined settings are for beef , pork , or poultry . I wish it would just have temperature settings rather than meal settings .
 I purchased this probe thermometer because I started getting into real barbecuing , I mean meat smoking . It works pretty good . The temperatures are not as accurate as most instant read thermometer 's , but then again , you ca n't leave an instant read thermometer in your oven . The alarm is annoying ... it goes off all the time when you use the probe thermometer remote unit . I do n't know if it 's just not walking on to the main unit while walking around the house , or what . I was standing 3 feet away from my oven and the main thermometer unit and the remote unit kept alarming telling me that I was out of range . See what I mean , annoying . However , compared to the rest that I looked at ... it is decent in the price is n't too bad comparison to the other units that are like this one . One thing you will want to do , purchased an extra probe cable . They get kind of dirty and they 're a little bit difficult to clean . They 're good for several uses , but after awhile the actual chord gets a bit gunky . All in all ... I would recommend this unit ... but I think probe thermometer 's are far from perfect . Nice gadget to have around the house , though .
 Worked brilliantly , but only once . The probe burned out after only one use .
 The wireless remote became defective almost immediately . I contacted Taylor and they said the wireless version was discontinued . They very nicely sent me the non-wireless version for free . They also included an instant-read thermometer.Overall , I 'm pleased with Taylor as a compnay .
 If the probe was not so fragile I 'd give this unit 5 stars . The remote works well although I have had it lose contact with the sender if I was out in front of my house -LRB- my grill is on the back deck -RRB- . This is a minor annoyance , but what really ticked me off was that the probe failed -LRB- indicating `` HIGH '' reading -RRB- in conditions where my MIU France unit keeps on going . Unfortunately the MIU France unit does n't have the remote capability . I purchased about 5 extra probes for the Taylor unit directly from Taylor by mail . But within a few weeks several of those failed . I do n't mind having to replace a probe once in a while but when you have to replace two in one cooking session it gets pretty annoying . I 'd suggest staying away from this unit .
 I bought the Taylor Wireless digital cooking thermometer with remote pager , Model # 1474 , from Amazon in July 2005 . It 's a marvelous tool and worked wonderfully for a few months . I boasted about the product to my fellow cooks . Then , some of the `` Meat '' functions stopped working . However , I used the program function to bypass those problems . This week , 2 months after the warranty expired , the unit all of a sudden went crazy . No matter what the setting , after a few seconds of operation , the temperature display changes to `` high , '' the timer kicks on and starts counting up , and both the base and remote units start beeping . In other words , the device is now useless . And , yes , I used the Reset button but it did not cure the problem.I 've only used the thermometer about 20 times and it has never been dropped or otherwise abused . I note that Taylor does n't offer that model anymore on its website . And , Amazon is selling the unit at half price . Is that because the whole batch , Made in China , is defective ? Was there a recall that I missed?As much as I liked the 1474 , I do n't think I 'll risk buying another . At several dollars per use , it 's too expensive .
 The product has a real cheap feel . I have another unit from another manufacture and it 's feels more solid and seems to work better.I liked the features but it just does n't seem to hold up . The unit I have right now no longer will show the temp . It just shows HI or LOW . Before that I had issues where I had to reboot the system or power it off and leave it off for awhile before it would work again . The unit just needs to work . You have cooking to do not fighting with your tools.Just pass on this one and buy someone elses product .
 Bought this also based on the Cook 's Review . It is fine for the oven as long as you do n't have an oven temp over 375 . Tried to use it in the BBQ and the probe burned out in 5-10 minutes . The literature states not to use over 400 degrees . What they do n't tell you is that the probes burn out easily especially in a bbq .
 Nice idea but it broke after one use . Polder makes a better one . So does Sharper Image .
 This item was recommended by Cook 's Illustrated magazine.I used it to grill a london broil . I set it to med rare.It worked for about 10 minutes . This was the first time I used it.I do not believe the meat reached 140 Deg.The gas grill had a full corrugated bottom plate between the gas burner and grill grate . -LRB- No open flame on cable -RRB- The cable was only exposed in the grill for approx 6 '' . I will not buy Taylor products again or renew Cook 's Magazine.If I do not get a full refund , I will not buy Amazon again .
 I was very dissappointed . The pot is much smaller than advertized . It is no way near 5-1/2 quarts . I have a four quart pot and the Kinetic fits inside my 4 quart pot and is not as tall either . The kinetic pot is also chipping at the bottom - something I have never seen before in stainless steel pots , so I doubt it is even stainless steel . I would not recommend this pot to anyone and I would also never buy another kinetic product . The pot is of very poor quality . I would have returned it , except I do n't have the time to get it wrapped and wait in line at my local post officer . I am seriously considering giving it to good will .
 I was looking for pretty kitchen towels that would also be useful . These towels are pretty , but not useful at all . They do not absorb water and when trying to dry a dish or wipe a countertop they simply push the water around and do not dry at all ! I would not recommend these to towels to anyone .
 I used the roaster no more than 10 times in 2 months and it broke . I had to return the old one and order new .
 I do n't know what kinds of horrible blenders the other reviewers had before buying this Cuisinart , but this model could only live up to quite low expectations.I was impressed at first with this model . Good , solid , heft . Nice glass pitcher , wide mouth and base , and plenty of speed/power options . And , it all comes apart for thorough cleaning.But , when making smoothies , it would leave big frozen lumps . And the wide mouth does n't have much of a spout , so lumpy smoothies or soups do n't pour well and drip down the side . Plus , it seemed un-usually loud at any setting . Within a few months , it started leaking . I traced the leak to a hair-width crack in the blade housing , which quickly became a total failure . The blade is now in two separate pieces . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 When I bought the blender , only one review referred to any problems ; however , checking back now I see a few more people having the same problem as I do . The blender leaks through the shaft that drives the blades . Right into the motor on the blender . I can also smell the engine burning and am not sure if it is from the liquid that dripped into the motor or the motor is burning out . I called Cuisinart and they said that they would send me another blade . I hope that it arrives .
 I purchased this blender based on the reviews I saw . I found this blender to be loud and very slow ! I replaced my old cheap Hamilton Beach blender with this Cuisinart and it 's actually worse than the old blender I had . I would not recommend this blender if you are a serious cook . I had a hard time making pestos , chutneys , and olive spreads with this blender . Not to mention , this blender is extremely loud . I would not recommend this blender at all .
 The blender leaked out of the box ... a poor trait in a * blender * . Milk was poured in for a smoothie and dribbled right out the other end , all over the counter and the base of the unit -- after assembly instructions were * carefully * followed.This `` quality '' product obviously is n't .
 I bought this blender for our new home . I had n't used it until months later for a Party . On my first use liquid spill all over my countertop and into the blender motor . Since it was too late to return it to Amazon I called Cuisinart . They sent me a replacement seal . When we tried to put it on we could n't get to the part . Now , for some reason I ca n't get the top part of the unit to sit/stay on the bottom part . IT DOES NOT WORK . Cuisinart does not answer e-mails , and when you call the reps are clueless . I recommend a different product !
 I decided to replace my 20-plus year old blender with this modern piece of equipment . BIG MISTAKE !! I had only used it a handful of times before it died on me . The motor just hums now when it 's `` on '' . Needless to say , I will pay more attention to the negative reviews in the future . I 'm also disappointed in Cuisinart since their products are ususally of good quality .
 I had this blender for about a year . The rubber feet kept coming off , so I ended up taking them all off . Lid is hard to put on . The speed control in the front is meaningless . It does not do anything . So you ended up holding the middle speed button with one hand and the blender with the other . You can not leave it and do something else . Then it started leaking and I found the plastic shaft for the blades had cracked . So in the trash it goes . DO NOT waste your money on this product !
 After having the same problem as a previous reviewer -LRB- the blender I got leaked profusely -RRB- , Amazon replaced it without question -LRB- probably a known problem ? -RRB- . Well , the replacement was used approximately 5-10 times in about 2 months and now it does n't work . You hit any of the buttons and it just hums . When it worked , it did seem very powerful , but 2 months of service is unacceptable .
 I 've had this blender for several months . The selling point was the ice crush feature . I make a lot of smoothies and throughly crushing ice was key . I loved it for a few months . But then . . it burned out . It started shaking and I always had to push my hand down on the lid to keep it from shaking . Then it started leaking , not from the rubber gasket , but from the blade . Liquid slipped through and after blending , I would pour my smoothie only to notice that the liquid mixed with the motor and black liquid leaked all over . So , my $ 40 blender lasted 6 months . I alway thought cuisinart was the best ... but I think I will try another .
 Quite a big blender , 18 speeds are n't very useful , but it worked ok ... for less then two month and two dozen shakes . Now the base is leaking . And I did n't even try to crash ice or frozen fruits .
 Top kept coming off . Numerous times I would have HUGE messes to clean up from milkshakes & the likes splashing all over . Not to mention , the dog got to lick some of it . This product was so loud I had to warn the family before turning it on . They complain when I say I need to use the blender . We went from Blender all the time - Blenderific family to Anti Blender.Gross Product , do n't buy it . If you are training to get on the floor and mop away , or indure loud sounds , this is perfect for you . For my family , this is just about the worst thing we 've ever wasted our money on.Don ' t get me started with this horrible product !!!!
 I got this blender y ` day , i tested and it started leaking , a huge disappointment , Amazon is giving a replacement , but it was not expected from a brand like cuisinart.I got the replacement and it leaks
 Three months after purchase , we can no longer use this blender . The first month , the clear plastic in the lid shattered . Last week the base with the blending blades cracked . Now the liquid seeps out and drips into the motor .
 The Cuisinart SmartPower Basics 18-Speed Blender proved defective right out of the box . Although I precisely followed the instructions for initial assembly and washing , the motor emitted a burning stench . My wife and daughters walked into the kitchen holding their noses . This blender truly stinks !
 Just when my husband and I were getting used to making the best concoctions together the darn thing broke ! That metal piece at the bottom that spins cracked into two pieces . It 's just sitting on the counter waiting for it 's new piece . I have no idea where to go to get that piece and I 'm wondering if I still have warranty on it . Wish me good luck !
 I unpacked the blender , put water in the glass jar and within seconds it leaked ! Upon closer examination it looks like there is a concept error with the thin plastic base on the shaft . I am going to get a Braun instead !
 After having the same problem as a previous reviewer -LRB- the blender I got leaked profusely -RRB- , Amazon replaced it without question -LRB- probably a known problem ? -RRB- . Well , the replacement was used approximately 5-10 times in about 2 months and now it does n't work . You hit any of the buttons and it just hums . When it worked , it did seem very powerful , but 2 months of service is unacceptable . I 'm just glad I did n't spend more than $ 40 .
 I am pleased with the overall color , description and price of these panels . However , the first time I ordered these , one of the panels was without a top hem so I had them replaced . Now , I have two new panels that are lopsided at the bottom . The bottom hem is on an angle and one of the panels is about three inches shorter than the other . So the price is right but is the inconvenience worth it ? It is to me because curtains are so expensive , but it 's still a pain .
 The color says SLATE as being BLUE , but its NOT BLUE , its green !!! So if you 're looking for that pretty blue color that its showing that it claims it is , KEEP LOOKING , this is NOT IT . However if you are looking for a dark green grey with light blue shimmer , but OVERALL DARK GREY OLIVE GREEN , then this color is the one for you .
 Quality of product is OK but I needed slate gray and these curtains are definitely not slate but light sage green .
 I have owned two of this product . The first one that I had , I had n't used it very often when the head snapped off where the blue part connects . I thought that it was my own fault for pushing too hard -LRB- trying to suck all of the liquid out of the carpet -RRB- . I bought another one , since that part was not a replaceable part . Now with my second one , again , not using it very often , but also past the one year warranty , the hose just broke and is also not a replaceable part . This item costs over $ 100 and it seems that they use poor quality of plastics or a poor design and have NOT made a durable product . I am highly disappointed in this product and will not be purchasing yet ANOTHER REPLACEMENT . I will look for a different brand until they can provide all of the necessary replacement parts for their poorly designed device .
 This vacuum is a waste of money ! More time spent cleaning it after use than it saves you in cleaning spots . Best to use a sponge , detergent/water solution and an old towel . DONT BUY !!
 I bought this hoping to use it for spot cleaning and areas stained from high traffic . I was n't impressed with the brush use or with the suction capabilities . The biggest problem came only after a few uses , when the suction failed altogether . The problem -LRB- after my husband took everything apart -RRB- was the heater element itself . All the water has to go through it and it had gotten clogged with calcium deposits from the water -LRB- or cleaner fluid - that came with the product -RRB- . It worked briefly after getting cleaned out , but that was a royal pain to do ! It clogged up again after 1 or 2 uses and finally , after taking the heating element out altogether - it works ok . It mainly just takes up room in my hall closet , because I never use it !
 I had an older Little Green , used heavily and loved it , so I bought this model and have the same problem . It 's a few years old and used only a couple times . The sprayer no longer works .
 When I first bought the Little Green ProHeat , I loved it . I have an older , often incontinent dog and thought the Little Green ProHeat was the best thing since sliced bread -- small , easy to carry , easy to use , easy to clean , great suction . Then after about 3 months , it stopped spraying . At first I thought it was just the nozzle so I cleanned it out , but still no spray . I see another reviewer found a problem with the heating element clogging so I will open it up and try to remove the heating element . If I bought a new one I would get the one without the heating element . I have the big Bissel upright carpet steamer without the heating element and love it .
 The first time I used this machine I thought it was ok . It did spread the dirt and so instead of cleaning up just the spot , I ended up doing the whole area . . Small , easy to carry . Be careful when you put it back together after cleaning -- if it does n't work , you might have the gasket on backwards . On the fifth or sixth time , the spray nozzle quit working . Have n't been able to repair it.I would n't buy it again ... for the money I 'd spend more and buy a full size machine or rent one . For spot cleaning , I use one of the spray and pat dry cleaners -LRB- Nature 's Miracle since I 'm usuallly am dealing with pet stains -RRB- .
 We have had this machine 2 years and put up with the broken head that cracked after the first month . Then about 2 months ago , it stopped spraying . I guess they only make it last for the first year . I called Bissell 's customer service and they said there was nothing they could do for me . Would n't offer a discount on a new unit . Do n't bother investing in this machine if you want something that lasts .
 After a few uses , the spray function stopped unless I removed the scrub brush and the extraction capability was really lousy unless I really leaned on it .
 I bought this machine to replace a $ 15 Hamilton Beach blender that was ready for the Salvation Army . Now I 'm going to give this piece of junk away instead . First , it is n't `` 18-speed '' - it 's just a continuous adjustment from slow to faster . They could just as well call it 6 or 12 or 24 or 32 speed . Second , it ca n't even completely blend a ripe banana into a milk shake without leaving 2 or 3 little balls of banana in the bottom . And third , it 's EXTREMELY noisy - screams and vibrates like it 's trying to destroy itself . I bought a Cuisinart food processor about 20 years ago , and it is still an excellent machine that I use frequently . It 's hard to believe this ... blender bears the same name .
 Bought this to replace an aging blender . Unfortunately we only got to use the blender twice . The third time , the blade stopped rotating . The plastic part that is on the outer side for interfacing to the base started rotating by itself.Buying this was a complete waste , and this will be the last time we buy a cuisinart product.Would have given ZERO stars - but the scale goes only to 1 star .
 I have just about every Cuisinart product they make and LOVE everything . This is junk . I have only used it a couple times and it stopped working . It 's really too bad they have a nice line of products except this . Yikes . . Steer clear or this .
 I bought four of these units and each one had the LCD display fail which made the units inoperable in a practical sense . The sound quality was fine , but once the LCD display goes , it is impossible to have the unit function as an alarm clock , sleep clock , change the stations , etc. . A very disappointing experience and a total waste of money times 4 !
 Very cute tape measure , and I like the self-locking feature - that 's why I bought it . But the very first day I had it , I pulled the tape out about 10 feet -LRB- did NOT go to the 12 ft limit -RRB- , and it would NOT retract . It just plain broke on it 's first use .
 I work in a frame shop and bought a pair of these . This tape has been used daily , tossed around , dropped , and about everything you can do to a tape measure . The mechanism worked flawlessly -LRB- which I have gotten use to -RRB- ... for about 6 months , until the blade tip snapped off at the first rivet . You usually see this in very old tape measures . Can not find replacement blades so I tossed it . One still works so I gave it two stars instead of one .
 Like most individuals I purchased this item to replace a badly worn wire on my cutter . Most of the reviews mentioned a lack of technical information about the product leading to incorrect fit and subsequent return . The same thing happened to me . Much of the hassle would be avoided if the vendor would take 30 seconds to measure the wire and an additional 10 minutes to updates the description on Amazon . THE LENGTH OF THESE WIRES ARE 5.00-5 .75 inches -LRB- loop to loop -RRB- . I can not speak to the quality or performance as I could not use them in my cutter .
 The wires do not fit the small marble cheese cutter that I have . There was not enough information about this product when I ordered it , so I had no choice but to send it back . I will not order another one on line again .
 The information about the product did n't give the length of the wires or mention that it only fit certain slicers . It gave the impression that these wires would fit any marble slicer looking like the picture . I should have returned them , but by the time I tried to do that the 30 day return period was past and I just lost my money .
 Ordered Wires with the bigger eyelet as showen in the picture . Received the wires with the very small eyelet . Could not use .
 I was very disappointed in these wires !! There was no choice on any of the sites for a size ~ ~ all were listed as 4 '' so I thought that was correct . However , when I got the order , the wires did not fit my slicer and were impossible to attach . The instructions showed several models of cheese slicers , but none were like mine !! The product only cost 3.95 , but the shipping was $ 5.95 so not a good buy at all !!
 After about fifteen years of great performance cutting great cheeses , my cutter 's wire snapped . I strongly prefer to repair rather than replace -- in this case , an otherwise perfectly good remainder of a cheese cutter . Amazon did not list the length of these replacement wires ; applicable cheese cutter model numbers were listed , however , but none was mine . So I eyeballed it . And I missed . Wires too short . I did not return the wires to Amazon because their low price did n't justify the bother . But there 's the customer service consideration . Amazon 's is splendid and is one of its most valuable assets . Publish the wire length , boys and girls . Yours are the kinds of customers who want to know . And we appreciate and value what you do for us . What would Mr. Bezos do ?
 These RSVP wires were shown as if they were an option for purchase with the Prodyne Green Marble Cheese slicer , but they are NOT for the Prodyne , they are too short and I had to return the RSVP wires for a refund . See the Prodyne website for replacement wires for that cheese slicer .
 The description in your add says the wires are 5 inches long . The wires I received are 5.75 inches long and are too long for my cheese slicer which takes 5 inch wires .
 I would not recommend the product unless you have a small RSVP white marble cheese slicer that takes only a small 5 inch wire.the majority of cutting marble cutting boards I have seen are from a company called Prodyne . My unnamed white marble cutting boards takes closer to a 7 inch wire , which I did not measure until after the replacement wires arrived and they were way too short . I contacted the seller and they said no refunds for opened packages . I only found it was too short after I tried the wire .
 for the price , i think it was a very good buy if I compare to brazilian prices . Shrinked a little , but still fits on the mattress .
 The material is very coarse which makes it extremely uncomfortable when sleeping . A thread count of at least 1200 would be a big improvement .
 The first unit was riddled with obvious defects in the surface -LRB- painted over chips and dents in the wood as well as chips that went through the paint -RRB- and the replacement unit they sent was similar , so it appears to be a basic low quality issue . The doors in both were also slightly warped so they stick out unevenly - from the two packages we could not put together one really good buffet.Also , another key problem is that the unit when assembled is not solid/sturdy and it goes off square easily ; this causes the doors to hang really lopsidedly and gap.The only good things I can say about it is that nothing arrived broken , and the customer service was responsive . In the end though their efforts did not help , since , as I said , the replacement unit was just as bad if not worse then the original .
 The corkscew shaft has separated from the handle and the corkscrew has failed under normal use opening a wine bottle.The product has a fatal flaw . Do not buy . How do I return a product when I am unable to find Pedrini in the U. S. ?
 Why do I need another cork screw . Does n't everyone in the world have at least one ? What I need is something to preserve the unused portion of wine that I want to save for another day . The Vacu Vin Wine Saver Gift Pack is just the thing for that . It 's easy to use and very very effective . I give it 5 stars . Spend your money wisely .
 This grater did an excellent job - while it lasted . Perhaps I got too aggresive with it , but the handle broke off after perhaps a year of use . Slower and more careful use probably could have avoided it , but I 'm not exacly Mr. Muscles either . I expect better durability , but I give it two stars for the good job it does while intact .
 Parmesan cheese demanded a lot of effort . Mozzarela cheese was hard to clean . The molded plastic has a compartment that gets grungy and ca n't be cleaned . After a year the handle broke off . Why ca n't someone make a rotary cheese grater that does n't break ?
 I ordered and returned this item twice . I was under the impression , I was ordering a new . / never used product . Both times the item was used , not completely cleaned with some visible rust spots , and a piece missing . I have returned it and ordered elsewhere .
 Both of the pasta cutters broke on first use . I previously used tin cookie-cutter type things , which also broke on their first use . I was hoping this set would work better , but they fell apart immediately.The roller still works , and is probably the only tool you need . But you can get much better rollers elsewhere . And who needs another cheese grater ? All in all , a waste of money .
 I used this product for the first time . I cleaned three floor rugs today with this product . Two of the rugs had no pet smell lingering , but the last rug , which was the most smelly , still had a strong pet smell after cleaning it . I will probably have to re-do this last rug because of the high use it receives and since the dogs tend to like to sit on it . The deoderant in the formula needs to be stronger since pet smells are so strong . Also the formula could use more brighteners in it since I do n't see much of a difference after cleaning the rugs .
 Regular size light bulbs will not fit . You need thinner ones to clear a metal bracket . Also , you have to screw the glass cover on blind because you cant see what your doing . When the motor dies good luck finding a replacement .
 The product arrived on time and was fairly easy to install . The only problem is the fans are very , very noisy . I 'm sorry I purchased this product .
 The sound is a bit loud , but I can deal with it . However it is very weak and does not appear to suck out the hot air at all . I would definitely spend more money next time .
 I replaced the builder grade tiny and loud fan with the BFQ140 - and do n't notice much difference in air movement -LRB- feeling around the door , etc -RRB- and it 's way louder than the previous ... Reading the reviews it seems I 'm not the norm - any suggestions as to what I might have done wrong ? FYI
 A truly terrible purchase that I regret . First , the installation bracket is impossible to work with , buy the time I managed to get fan into place the bracket bent and would not snap into place . I was forced to drill holes in the plastic housing to drill into the stud . Despite claims , there is no way to put this in without crawling into the attic . Finally , the air flow is terrible , it barely moves any air , and certainly nothing near the 90 cfm that it claims . Complete waste of money , I will replace shortly and throw away .
 This is a foundation for a future great product , but mine did n't even operate out of the box . Mine had the same problem with the fan mounting bracket as others have reported - so badly bent the cage fan was scraping against the housing . Not bent from shipping , bent as part of the mfg process by some 12 yr old kid with no tools in a 3rd world sweatshop . 20 minutes with a half-dozen Vice Grips and I bent the bracket into an acceptable position , but this thing looks like it was assembled in a mud-floored sweat shop in India.The metal bracket in question was made out of the softest steel I 've ever encountered . The mounting screws also started to strip when tightening them up . They came so loose I could finger tighten them.It 's also not designed very well , with that bracket preventing removal of the fan for cleaning without also uninstalling the metal tabs the screws go through . Also unimpressive , the capacitor screwed onto the motor housing that sticks up so far the grill wo n't seat tight against the ceiling . Why is n't that in the electrical connection box where it belongs ? For that matter , why is the fan housing two pieces that needs 7 screws to hold it together ? It would be trivial to just mold the whole assembly as one monolithic piece and eliminate the need for all of that assembly expense.I 'm not a product designer , but 15 minutes with this and I could think of a half-dozen major improvements , that ironically , would make it cheaper to build , as well as easier to clean and maintain . Broan , where 's your product design team ? This is an invitation to design a better product for any competitor.Oh , it blows well , and is energy efficient . I kept it , but mostly because at the price it was n't worth hasseling with a return , and waiting for another one . A little quality control would go a long way , but it really is just a crap design that is the underlying issue.I would n't buy this product again , nor recommend it to others . I do n't have much faith in the brand anymore either .
 Was looking to replace all 3 fans in bathroom . Typed bathroom fan with light and this shows up . Looking at the Picture , the bright spot in the middle , assumed its light and ordered 3 of them . Go to install , none have light . Looked at details on air king website and it does not mention light . Therefore returning it . Otherwise , no issue with product .
 I bought this bath fan and installed on my basement bath . I bought this as this is a high performance abs powerful bath fan however I did n't realized that this fan is quite noisy and the design does n't allow you to fully secure it onto your ceiling stud , thus when the fan is on iit vibrates .
 I ordered this unit based on other posted feedback . First the good
 This pillow looked nice in picture ... but turned out to be made of extremely junky fabric and poor quality sewing . Just plain ugly .
 This was one of the worse items I think I have purchased . It does n't work , this thing is suppose to SUCK the dirt out , instead it BLOWS it around . Piece of trash . Do n't buy it , and if you did , give it to good will or something . I think I would have done better just going out and trash picking a mini shop vac . Because then I know what I had !
 I felt this product was misrepresented . It did n't work , I did n't pursue a return and threw it out.Buyer beware .
 The first unit was riddled with obvious defects in the surface -LRB- painted over chips and dents in the wood as well as chips that went through the paint -RRB- and the replacement unit they sent was similar , so it appears to be a basic low quality issue . The doors in both were also slightly warped so they stick out unevenly - from the two packages we could not put together one really good buffet.Also , another key problem is that the unit when assembled is not solid/sturdy and it goes off square easily ; this causes the doors to hang really lopsidedly and gap.The only good things I can say about it is that nothing arrived broken , and the customer service was responsive . In the end though their efforts did not help , since , as I said , the replacement unit was just as bad if not worse then the original .
 I was really looking forward to getting my Pedrini Mezzaluna . I 've been in the market for a good mezzaluna for a while , and when I was unable to find one with two handles and two blades , I settled for this one.I 've used mine twice now , both times with disappointing results . The blade is n't very sharp and it 's very difficult to find balance due to the way the tool is constucted.Also , the mezzluna comes with know instrutions for care whatsoever.I am seriously considering returning this producting and resuming my search .
 Try Williams-Sonoma for their double bladed mezzaluna - much better than this one !
 The metal is quite thin and so is the nonstick surface . It starts coming off very early so you would definitely need to treat them first . Mine lasted about 10 months before I felt that too much of the non-stick surface was coming off . I need new pans now , and I 'm not going to get these again .
 You cant do much more with these than boil an egg or some rice , the material will start to scrape off with a wooden spoon after the third use . Nice for temporary use , but you will probably need to get something with more quality eventually .
 This was my second coffee grinder and I found it to be very nearly worthless . My first machine ran for six years so my review of this machine is n't from inexperience or abusing the machine.First of all , the espresso grind was not fine enough . The higher settings quickly went into an impractically course grind which left about two useful settings for drip or french press only.You twist the entire top of the machine to change grinds . There 's a little brush imprinted on the dial that should indicate to move the dial to this position to clean the machine , however moving the selector to that position does nothing . In order to clean the machine twist the top to move the selector to the OPPOSITE end of the scale from the cleaning indicator . Go figure.When you grind coffee some of the grounds get behind the holder which have to be picked out before the holder can be reinserted.The bean holder wobbles like it was designed for some other machine and stuck on this one because it ` almost ' fit.The timer knob stripped and fell off when I was trying to shut the machine off because the timer ran too long and the ground coffee holder was overfull.Lastly , the machine just plain quit working after about a dozen uses.If this is as good a grinder as is available , which the price would indicate , save your money and have your coffee ground at the coffee shop !
 This grinder did make a great cup of coffee BUT only worked for 5 months . It had the `` Spin Free '' sickness . The motor ran but nothing else happened . I mailed it back to the factory store in NY City -LRB- $ 12.00 in shipping -RRB- only to find out that they did n't have any crome models in stock and would not for several months.They refunded -LSB- the cost of the grinder -RSB- very cheerfully but no mention about any shipping charges -LRB- $ 27.00 total , $ 15.00 Express shipping from Amazon and $ 12.00 to NY -RRB- . I 'm not a happy camper . I would not buy this product again .
 I was so happy when I received this as a gift , but that very shortly turned to disappointment . The timer knob fell off after three uses and now comes off every time the machine is used . The grind adjustment does not work . No matter how the adjustment is turned , all grinds come out the same size . This is an extremely poorly made product , save your money .
 On the recommendation of a friend , bought two of these , one to replace my Braun which was noisy , messy , and slow ; the other as a gift for someone without a grinder . The `` gift '' grinding range went from drip to very course It could not grind fine enough for espresso . Then after about 6 months the clutch mechanism broke so the motor continued to run but grinding halted . He got frustrated and threw it away . Mine is still running but unlike the other , the grind ranges from powder to drip . Can not get a grind course enough for a french press . I continue to use it but am looking for one that can grind a full range from espresso fine to french press course . The Solis Maestro Plus is so advertised but appears to be made by the same manufacturer as the Bodum so gives me pause . I 'll live with it for now , but am not happy with mine and embarrassed over the one that broke .
 This vacuum sucks , but not very well . It does n't pick up anything on our bad-quality apartment carpet . It 's hard to push and messy to empty . We purchased it because it looked easy to store . However , our carpets are a mess and my husbands begging for a new vacuum .
 I 've been using the 12 cup Santos for about two years now and love it . So I was very excited to try out the mini version for when it 's just me . But sadly , the machine was disfunctional . It spewed coffee grounds through the air vents all over the pot and my countertops . HUGE volcanic mess ! I made four pots of coffee , to make sure it was n't something I was doing , but this occured three out of the four times . And in that one time that it did n't explode , the coffee was week . Not as rich as with the 12 cup version , and I used the same ratio of coffee to water . I do n't think the brew time is as long as with the larger version , resulting in weaker coffee.I called Bodum to see what they had to say about the volcanic eruption , and they were n't helpful at all . They suggested I return the product to where I purchased it , or if I wanted to send it to them at my expense , they would fix it.I DO NOT recommend the MINI Santos , but I do recommend the 12 cup Santos .
 Okay , I did n't pay much for my Bodem Clear Santos . Got it a garage sale for $ 2 . A couple of months ago . I would n't buy another , I do n't think much of this coffee maker.It 's a messy machine to use . The clean up of the upper chamber is just a pain in the butt . That would be okay , I guess , but it does n't make good coffee and wastes a lot of grounds . The coffee it brews is weak and thin . For me to get a decent cup of coffee , it takes 7 coffee measures -LRB- about 7 tablespoons -RRB- to get anything out of a full pot of coffee.It 's very entertaining to watch , tho . And I find that if I pre-wet the grounds with a mug of very hot water , it does improve the taste of the coffee . And for making boiling hot water for tea or cup o noodles , it is among the fastest !!! Guess I 'm a philistine , I going back to my Gevalia Krups drip coffee brewer .
 Having used various glass coffe pots thru the years including Silex with the hot plate , which I still own and cherish , I was enthused when the `` mini '' came out due to the durability aspect.Ihave used it every day for about two weeks , I find the cord very stiff and not convenient to `` cram '' into its ' slot . The upper bowl is easy to keep clean from coffee residue , how ever the bottom bowl is a NIGHTMARE to clean since some of the electricalis concealed in it . My small hand will not fit thru the lip opening to cleanse the bowl with ease , coffee residue and soap suds catch under the lip , coffee residue seeps between the area where the bowl is attached to the part of the heat unit.Needs to go back to the drawing board to come up with an immersible carafeThe only redeeming quality is a Great cup of coffee , I no longer use my Bodum .
 I plugged it in and followed the instructions and it erupted coffee and grounds through the vents all over the counter ! It is fast , too fast and the coffee is hot but not measurably better than my drip coffee maker . It seems to have quite a bit of sediment . Perhaps I need a coarser grind . Lest you think me a novice , I roast and grind my own coffee . This may not be worth the trouble .
 The On/Off switch broke after two months as well as one side of the hinge for the lid . We prefer the flavor of the coffee from vacuum brewing versus drip or French press but have been disappointed with the quality and design of the Bodum unit . There 's been much discussion about the difficulty and tediousness of cleaning but that has n't been much of a chore for us . We have been quite disappointed with the unit basically wearing out after three months of use .
 Where do I start . The terrible customer service at Santos or the short life of the coffee maker . This unit is very hard to clean . The coffee pot has a small opening and can only be rinsed out . You ca n't submerge it because of the electrical connection to the base . My unit only lasted bout 5 months and when I called Santos to explain that it just quit working , they told be that it was too bad -LRB- basically -RRB- . So as the consumer story goes , I will never purchase a Santos product again .
 Bought this pot with high expectations and was very disapointed . Unit is hard to clean and the coffee is nothing exceptional . After 5 months of use it began double brewing , which which leaves a bitter taste . It now sits in the trash can .
 I must admit when I first saw one of these I said to myself I had to get one . If you 're one of the thousands of people who have neighbors over for coffee and conversation it is sure to spark discussion for a minute or two , but it stops there . There are a few shortcomings to this . The coffee it makes is ok , not great , quite frankly other ones I 've owned including Krups , Black and Decker and Cuisinart make better cups of coffee . The Bodum does n't burn your coffee because it shuts off after about 15 minutes , but then how do you keep what 's left hot ? You need to use a separate insulated carafe . Next problem is cleaning it . You need a bottle brush and you have to be very careful not to scratch the clear plastic pot not to mention you ca n't get the bottom wet because of the metal contacts to the heating element . For the money , you are better off buying a full featured coffee maker with an insulated carafe like I did . This one is just a gimmick .
 Problems : * does not grind coffee very fine and leaves many whole beans * very limited volume for beans * top is not secure , and can fall off easily -LRB- mostly an issue for when taking it in and out of the cabinet -RRB- * broke after 4 months of ` weekend-only ' use -LRB- the blade just fell off -RRB-
 After three months of grinding only once a day -LRB- one cup worth of beans -RRB- , it fell apart . My experience was similar to that of a previous reviewer , the arm with the blades fell off the axle and was therefore useless . I understand an occasional defect , but the worst part was Bodum 's customer service . They very rudely informed me that they were n't interested in hearing from me unless I had a receipt . I asked , `` Are you telling me that most people actually save their receipts when they buy a coffee grinder ? '' , to which they curtly replied , `` Yes , everybody else does '' . I ca n't believe that this is true , and I think they should stand behind their product a little better than this .
 I bought this grinder and after about 2 weeks of use it stopped turning off until it was unplugged . I returned it and got a replacement . After about a month the same problem happened with the new grinder . clearly a design flaw .
 It is awkward to take off the top , add beans , grind and remove the grounds . It is also difficult to consistently get a reliable grind . After about a year of use the button stopped working so it had to be turned on and off by unplugging it . Overall the design of this type of coffee grinder is not ideal . I would suggest that regular coffee drinkers get a burr type grinder with a hopper and grind storage box .
 I bought this grinder on the recommendation of a coffee web site who claimed it ground more evenly than the Braun . First the pluses . It does grind more evenly . The cord also wraps nicely beneath the base in a nice bit of engineering.Now for the negatives compared to the Braun
 It works , but barely . Does n't grind well . Has an unusually short cord that requires unplugging to empty every time . I am going to replace this with a Krups which I 've owned in the past and always worked well .
 The grinder itself is fine but the plastic lid was crumbling when I took it out of the box , which unfortunately was after the return period expired . So there are chips of plastic missing along the bottom of the lid . You 'd think a company would want to look at such a thing to improve their product . I 'd opt for a grinder with rave reviews .
 It looks nice but :1 -RRB- The motor does n't really hold up , and a burning electrical smell is common after minimal use -LRB- not that you are supposed to grind for more than 20 - 30 seconds at a time , still it has problems -RRB- 2 -RRB- The lid is useless as a storage or transfer container . By accident I often move the grinds to the lid thinking that I 'll scoop from here , only to have it overflow .3 -RRB- The plastic is of poor quality . 1 of 3 of these started cracking like crazy .4 -RRB- For the price you can do much better , if you have to get this style of grinder .
 So , got this one at whole foods.I was in a hurry to make me a coffee I guess.The button is now permanently stuck on `` on '' . So I just unplug it.The grinding is not fine enough for me and there is no setting to change this.So , just do n't buy it.have a good day.Saar
 I do n't normally write reviews , but I feel so strongly about this coffee grinder , that I will.I had this coffee grinder for a year . I used it occasionally , as I sometimes would be lazy and use pre-ground . A year into having this thing , it 's broken . Just off the top there.Next up , this thing is a gigantic pain to clean . There are two crevices inside of it which collect coffee grinds . They 're too small for a normal dishrag , so you end up having to use a Q-Tip or some other small device to clean . Let me tell you , that is exactly what I want to do in the morning after making myself a cup of coffee.Lastly , the cord placement is at the bottom of the grinder and you have to pull very hard to get the cord to come out and stretch.Overall , this is a horrible product and I would advise against purchasing it for any reason besides wasting your money and aggravating yourself .
 I bought this coffee grinder from Whole Foods and had it for about 2 years . It started to making this crackle/pop noise . Then one day it just died . The blade appeared to be broken off . I ran out and bought another one because I needed coffee immediately . The second one I bought lasted just under 6 months . And did the same exact thing . And is now useless . I did n't think I would need to save the receipt so I ca n't bring it back.I 've also had similar experiences as others . * I have to shake the maker to get a consistent grind * It only grinds enough for 8 cups * The tip comes off too easily . I 've had many spills * The small plastic piece that holds the blade cracked making the entire thing useless.I would never buy this one again .
 I used to have the now discontinued aluminum Bodum grinder ; a beautifully designed , well-built and sturdy product that withstood several years of daily use . This model , while similar in looks , is lightweight and poorly constructed - with the motor breaking after just a few months . I suggest avoiding it .
 Good strong motor , but after two weeks of everyday use the grinder stayed on after releasing the button in the cap . It never would turn off again.Also a word to the wise . Buy a good burr grinder if you want your coffee to be consistently good . Overall blade grinders just do n't give you a consistent grind .
 I 've owned this grinder for more than 2 years . I found myself use it less and less . The reasons being
 Machine looks cool , but does not grind the coffe finely enough ! And , getting the coffe out of it -LRB- with that silly shallow lid -RRB- is a trick you do n't want to try before your first cup of coffe in the morning .
 Terrible product ; it has to be constantly shaken to obtain anything approaching a complete grind ; usually I give up . We bought this to replace a Mr. Coffee grinder that broke after 10 + years of constant use . The first time I used the Bodum grinder I knew it was almost useless . It 's stylish though . A complete waste of money ... you get the picture now I hope .
 The Bodum C-Mill does grind beans consistently , in the sense that you 'll get the exact same mix of coarse and finely ground beans regardless of how long you grind the beans , how much you shake the grinder , or how many beans you fill it with . After you 're finished grinding , you 'll be happy to find plenty of coffee lavishly strewn over your countertop after you open the lid , which is interesting since so much of it sticks to the bottom of the thing . After you 've tapped , shaken , scraped and cursed most of the coffee out , cleanup is a breeze . Simply rinse out the lid under the faucet and wipe the inside of the unit with a paper towel , ignoring the fact that there are all kinds of crevices where grinds can get stuck and are nearly impossible to remove , unless you 'd like to spend another 10 minutes diligently removing them with a q-tip . I honestly ca n't think of anything positive to say about this grinder . Cord storage ? A practically useless feature . Design ? My blender is more eye-catching , and to be honest I could care less what it looks like , as long as it works as it should . It amazes me that something so simple could fail so totally at its intended function , and I 'm really surprised that there are any positive reviews for this product . It also surprises me how few coffee grinders there are that have a washable grinding chamber ; I would have thought that would be a common feature nowadays . Cleaning out coffee grinds is not a task I prefer doing in the morning , or ever.I got this as a gift , so I 'm stuck with it for a while , but I 'd highly recommend looking elsewhere for a grinder , unless you enjoy frustration .
 Had this grinder for 8 months . Two large cracks have formed in the side of the unit , now they are widening and trapping lots of coffee grounds . I 'm tossing it and getting a different brand . All form , no function .
 Unfortunately I did n't open the box after having this grinder for a year . Half of the lid was shattered in the box , which makes the on/off switch not function . Great - I was eagerly awaiting my morning coffee and now not only did I lose my investment in this grinder but I have to go buy coffee .
 This coffee grinder is very inconvenient to use -- getting the ground coffee out of the machine is difficult and messy . Removing the coffee requires a tiny spoon or a brush , and even then is incomplete , leaving dregs in the grinder to turn rancid and spoil the flavor of future coffee , and a mess on the counter . I 've used several less expensive models that were lots less trouble . Also , the body of the grinder is too fat to pick up securely with one hand , creating a tendency to drop it and make an even bigger mess . It looks like very little thought went into this design .
 I purchased this coffee grinder in July of 2003 . I love the design and the color matches our other teal accented kitchen items perfectly . It does a decent job of ginding coffee , but after only 5 months , of once a day use , it started to develop vertical stress cracks in the plastic casing around the top . As of right now -LRB- January 2004 -RRB- , more cracks have developed and the initial cracks have become even longer -LRB- going down below the interior stainless steel `` bowl '' -RRB- . Because of all the cracks , the lid now fits very loosely , and I 'm afraid that with more use , the cracks will continue to extend downward , rendering the entire unit unusable . The stainless steel cased version may be the way to go , but since we do n't have any stainless steel accessories in our kitchen , I will be replacing my grinder with another brand .
 We bought this grinder for our office , and used it for about 2 months , grinding at most 2-3 times a day on weekdays , and then the part that holds the blade onto the center axle cracked and fell off , leaving the axle spinning uselessly while the blade didnt move . We assumed it was a one-time fluke since Bodum is normally an excellent company , and purchased the same model again . Guess what ? The second one lasted maybe 3 months , and then the SAME problem occurred , with the main attachment for the blade just falling apart and eventually flying off and leaving us with another useless hunk of plastic and metal . We purchased both grinders at Whole Foods , I dont know if they distribute a different version of the same model or what but its really a poor excuse for a grinder , especially considering that Bodum is a company that specializes in all things Coffee and Tea.On the plus side , it did grind the coffee nicely ... while it worked .
 This coffee grinder is very inconvenient to use -- getting the ground coffee out of the machine is difficult and messy . Removing the coffee requires a tiny spoon or a brush , and even then is incomplete , leaving dregs in the grinder to turn rancid and spoil the flavor of future coffee , and a mess on the counter . I 've used several less expensive models that were lots less trouble . Also , the body of the grinder is too fat to pick up securely with one hand , creating a tendency to drop it and make an even bigger mess . It looks like very little thought went into this design .
 I bought this grinder after seeing it recommended on another site . Unfortunately , I quickly discovered that this grinder does not do a good job of fine grinding . Also , the lid is a little finicky going on and ca n't be used to hold the ground coffee . If you need your coffee ground fine , and do n't want to shell out the bucks for a burr grinder , try the Braun KSM2 .
 I selected this item as an incentive for subscribing to a coffee service . I find that I am using much more coffee now than when I was using ground coffee from the store . The coffee must be stirred in order to get a uniform grind , otherwise , the coffee in the bottom of the grinder is extremely fine and the coffee on the top is rather coarse.Nainie
 The blade broke off this unit after less than two years of light use . Inspection of the flimsy plastic that attaches the blade to the motor shaft reveal that breakage is basically inevitable . This is a very poor design .
 The Bodum is a poorly designed coffee grinder . The lip that extends from the lid into the body is far too short
 I received the grinder and decided to use it before my trip to test it . To test , I ground 20 grams of coffee in my burr grinder at a medium setting and 20 grams of the same coffee in the Bodum . I then screened the two grinds and visually examined the results . The Bodum had about the same amount of ` fines ' as the burr grinder . Too little to weigh on a scale sensitive to 1 gram . The grind itself was a bit of what you would expect from a whirley blade , much less consistent is size than the burr grinder . However , it was quite usable for traveling , which is what I had bought it for . Tasting the cups produced by the two grinders brewed in an Aeropress did show a difference , but not one that would make it a bad choice . The Bodum 's cup was a bit thinner , and was less defined than the cup produced with the burr grinder , losing a bit of the range produced by the burr grinder . Again , for travel use , not bad at all.Now , the downside . The Bodum arrived with the ` retractable ' cord unable to be extended . No matter what I try , the cord will not come out and I will need to return it for service . This makes it next to useless for the purpose for which I bought it , which was to have a portable grinder with which to travel . The other thing that bothers me in using this for it 's intended purpose is it 's weight . -LRB- which is not a bad thing if you use it as your primary grinder -RRB- it weighs a bit more than it looks like it would , and as travelers know today , weight becomes an issue . Minor issue really , but an issue.Update 10/30/2010 : I no longer use this for coffee and have relegated it to spice grinding . For my travel needs , I use a Hario hand cranked grinder with ceramic burrs.Hario Coffee Hand Grinder SkertonI just finished a trip to Thailand , and had fresh ground home roast every day I was there . It takes a bit of elbow grease to grind the 20 grams needed for the Aeropress , but it is not all that bad ... about 90 seconds of vigorous cranking does the job .
 Do not buy this with the bissell quick carpetBissell 2080 Quicksteamer Powerbrush II Lightweight Upright Deep Cleaner Carpet Cleanersteamer . I rang up Bissell to check suitable products for this machine and they said used all big steamer machine products only . I threw away all the bottles I purchased after I received this information .
 I have tried two different times to order this as a 3-pack and both times only received ONE BOTTLE . It should not be that hard to include the other two bottles . I have gotten a refund both times , so if you need this product ... buy it somewhere else . Someone in shipping does not know what a 3-pack is suppose to look like .
 I was pretty excited when I first got my Mini Santos , as the design and concept were very cool . Also , I had been drinking instant coffee for quite a while and was looking forward to some fresh-brewed coffee.This unit did n't disappoint - at first . It makes great coffee , and fast . For someone who does n't like to experiment around , and just make some coffee , it 's terrific.However , I quickly discovered some serious drawbacks.First of all , this unit is extremely hard to clean . It has to be completely disassembled and gingerly cleaned , lest you get any water into the electric components of the base , assumingly ruining it . Due to some odd curves , ledges , and corners , the parts do n't dry well and water pooling is rampant.Second of all , my unit broke within six months . I think a unit that costs this much should last longer than six months without having issues . I did n't drop it or anything - in fact , I meticulously follow the `` use and care '' directions . The electrics simply ceased to function as designed . The base started turning off before the water was hot enough to be sucked up into the coffee grounds , thereby rendering the unit useless.Third , the unit is not serviceable . Do n't get my wrong - Bodum was responsive and offered a replacement , but it was a major hassle and I still do n't have my new coffee maker a month later . The only solution if it breaks is to return it to the manufacturer -LRB- at your expense -RRB- . Like I said , good and simple coffee , but it looks like they put a little too much emphasis on `` form '' and not enough on `` function . '' Maybe you 'll get lucky , though .
 Update # 2
 After reading the review above , I double checked on the shipping costs , which were over $ 12 !! Which is ridiculous on a $ 20 item . Thanks for the heads up ! -LRB- I cancelled my order -RRB-
 The CD Carousel allows you to organize and retrieve disks from your collection , and does so adequately . Construction of the product left me a little nervous about the lifespan of plastic gears and weak drive motors ; time will tell if I 'm justified in that concern.The software was horrible running on Windows XP Professional SP3 . After manually typing the titles of about 30 CD 's it began throwing errors , and refused to close . Closing it at that point even gave the Task Manager a little trouble . The machine must be attached to the computer to even run the software , and the program continued to throw errors even after closing and restarting . It also fails to deliver on it 's promise to retrieve information from the internet . If I had seen the program first I would not have bothered to install it . If you buy this product just type your list in a word processor , spreadsheet , or even notepad ; you 'll be much happier with the results.As a standalone repository for your CD collection , the Carousel is adequate . I ca n't honestly rate it any better than that .
 Ordered two units , neither work . Neither are recognized properly by Windows XP , and the computer can not boot if they are plugged into the USB port.Large cases , could be a bit slimmer , and the top of the case can not be opened to quickly stock the case or remove a disc in case of unit failure .
 my computer wo n't recognize this item without a driver installed , and i ca n't install drivers because my computer wo n't recognize it . it knows something is on the usb bus but needs drivers to recognize it . the manufacture 's web site was no help . the software refuses to run until the unit is recognized by the computer . the power is on and a good usb cable is installed , but it still wo n't run . i guess i can still use it to store my cd 's and dvd 's , but the database sure would be handy .
 We normally love the Bodum products but this one is a good design but poorly manufactured . We have sold several of them and the seals leak into the electrical wiring below in the pot . Never was a saftey issue just leaked all the time ! Too much hassle to get them replaced so we refunded monies .
 Positives :1 . Very good to look at .2 . well making.Negatives :1 . Price .2 . Takes time to clean and to reload .3 . AN ACCIDENT WAITING TO HAPPEN .4 . More coffee .5 . Maintenance .6 . Be ware
 This was the latest coffeemaker to fail to last what I would consider a reasonable amount of time for a household appliance . And it failed miserably . No more Bodum products for me ; an appliance at this price should definitely stand up to more than 18 months of regular use , especially since it has no moving parts of consequence.The coffee was usually pretty good and the machine was easy to use . But it was difficult to clean . Since the pot contains the heating element and the electronics , it can not be submersed , so there is no way to get it really clean.Dailing rinsing and dumping of used grounds was a drag too , I would have preferred a paper filter.Yeah , the vaccuum brewing process was fun to watch for about two weeks until the novelty wore off , but eventually there was n't even much to be seen given the permanent coffee stains that made the translucent pot all but opaque.Finally the thing reboiled all by itself one day almost exactly 18 months after purchase , with only a thimbleful of coffee inside . The the next day the pot would n't even get hot
 Makes weak underextracted coffee.No way to control contact time between coffee and water.I wish I 'd saved my money
 This coffee grinder is very inconvenient to use -- getting the ground coffee out of the machine is difficult and messy . Removing the coffee requires a tiny spoon or a brush , and even then is incomplete , leaving dregs in the grinder to turn rancid and spoil the flavor of future coffee , and a mess on the counter . I 've used several less expensive models that were lots less trouble . Also , the body of the grinder is too fat to pick up securely with one hand , creating a tendency to drop it and make an even bigger mess . It looks like very little thought went into this design .
 I purchased this coffee grinder in July of 2003 . I love the design and the color matches our other teal accented kitchen items perfectly . It does a decent job of ginding coffee , but after only 5 months , of once a day use , it started to develop vertical stress cracks in the plastic casing around the top . As of right now -LRB- January 2004 -RRB- , more cracks have developed and the initial cracks have become even longer -LRB- going down below the interior stainless steel `` bowl '' -RRB- . Because of all the cracks , the lid now fits very loosely , and I 'm afraid that with more use , the cracks will continue to extend downward , rendering the entire unit unusable . The stainless steel cased version may be the way to go , but since we do n't have any stainless steel accessories in our kitchen , I will be replacing my grinder with another brand .
 We bought this grinder for our office , and used it for about 2 months , grinding at most 2-3 times a day on weekdays , and then the part that holds the blade onto the center axle cracked and fell off , leaving the axle spinning uselessly while the blade didnt move . We assumed it was a one-time fluke since Bodum is normally an excellent company , and purchased the same model again . Guess what ? The second one lasted maybe 3 months , and then the SAME problem occurred , with the main attachment for the blade just falling apart and eventually flying off and leaving us with another useless hunk of plastic and metal . We purchased both grinders at Whole Foods , I dont know if they distribute a different version of the same model or what but its really a poor excuse for a grinder , especially considering that Bodum is a company that specializes in all things Coffee and Tea.On the plus side , it did grind the coffee nicely ... while it worked .
 This coffee grinder is very inconvenient to use -- getting the ground coffee out of the machine is difficult and messy . Removing the coffee requires a tiny spoon or a brush , and even then is incomplete , leaving dregs in the grinder to turn rancid and spoil the flavor of future coffee , and a mess on the counter . I 've used several less expensive models that were lots less trouble . Also , the body of the grinder is too fat to pick up securely with one hand , creating a tendency to drop it and make an even bigger mess . It looks like very little thought went into this design .
 I bought this grinder after seeing it recommended on another site . Unfortunately , I quickly discovered that this grinder does not do a good job of fine grinding . Also , the lid is a little finicky going on and ca n't be used to hold the ground coffee . If you need your coffee ground fine , and do n't want to shell out the bucks for a burr grinder , try the Braun KSM2 .
 I selected this item as an incentive for subscribing to a coffee service . I find that I am using much more coffee now than when I was using ground coffee from the store . The coffee must be stirred in order to get a uniform grind , otherwise , the coffee in the bottom of the grinder is extremely fine and the coffee on the top is rather coarse.Nainie
 The blade broke off this unit after less than two years of light use . Inspection of the flimsy plastic that attaches the blade to the motor shaft reveal that breakage is basically inevitable . This is a very poor design .
 The Bodum is a poorly designed coffee grinder . The lip that extends from the lid into the body is far too short
 I received the grinder and decided to use it before my trip to test it . To test , I ground 20 grams of coffee in my burr grinder at a medium setting and 20 grams of the same coffee in the Bodum . I then screened the two grinds and visually examined the results . The Bodum had about the same amount of ` fines ' as the burr grinder . Too little to weigh on a scale sensitive to 1 gram . The grind itself was a bit of what you would expect from a whirley blade , much less consistent is size than the burr grinder . However , it was quite usable for traveling , which is what I had bought it for . Tasting the cups produced by the two grinders brewed in an Aeropress did show a difference , but not one that would make it a bad choice . The Bodum 's cup was a bit thinner , and was less defined than the cup produced with the burr grinder , losing a bit of the range produced by the burr grinder . Again , for travel use , not bad at all.Now , the downside . The Bodum arrived with the ` retractable ' cord unable to be extended . No matter what I try , the cord will not come out and I will need to return it for service . This makes it next to useless for the purpose for which I bought it , which was to have a portable grinder with which to travel . The other thing that bothers me in using this for it 's intended purpose is it 's weight . -LRB- which is not a bad thing if you use it as your primary grinder -RRB- it weighs a bit more than it looks like it would , and as travelers know today , weight becomes an issue . Minor issue really , but an issue.Update 10/30/2010 : I no longer use this for coffee and have relegated it to spice grinding . For my travel needs , I use a Hario hand cranked grinder with ceramic burrs.Hario Coffee Hand Grinder SkertonI just finished a trip to Thailand , and had fresh ground home roast every day I was there . It takes a bit of elbow grease to grind the 20 grams needed for the Aeropress , but it is not all that bad ... about 90 seconds of vigorous cranking does the job .
 I used to have the now discontinued aluminum Bodum grinder ; a beautifully designed , well-built and sturdy product that withstood several years of daily use . This model , while similar in looks , is lightweight and poorly constructed - with the motor breaking after just a few months . I suggest avoiding it .
 Good strong motor , but after two weeks of everyday use the grinder stayed on after releasing the button in the cap . It never would turn off again.Also a word to the wise . Buy a good burr grinder if you want your coffee to be consistently good . Overall blade grinders just do n't give you a consistent grind .
 I 've owned this grinder for more than 2 years . I found myself use it less and less . The reasons being
 Machine looks cool , but does not grind the coffe finely enough ! And , getting the coffe out of it -LRB- with that silly shallow lid -RRB- is a trick you do n't want to try before your first cup of coffe in the morning .
 Terrible product ; it has to be constantly shaken to obtain anything approaching a complete grind ; usually I give up . We bought this to replace a Mr. Coffee grinder that broke after 10 + years of constant use . The first time I used the Bodum grinder I knew it was almost useless . It 's stylish though . A complete waste of money ... you get the picture now I hope .
 The Bodum C-Mill does grind beans consistently , in the sense that you 'll get the exact same mix of coarse and finely ground beans regardless of how long you grind the beans , how much you shake the grinder , or how many beans you fill it with . After you 're finished grinding , you 'll be happy to find plenty of coffee lavishly strewn over your countertop after you open the lid , which is interesting since so much of it sticks to the bottom of the thing . After you 've tapped , shaken , scraped and cursed most of the coffee out , cleanup is a breeze . Simply rinse out the lid under the faucet and wipe the inside of the unit with a paper towel , ignoring the fact that there are all kinds of crevices where grinds can get stuck and are nearly impossible to remove , unless you 'd like to spend another 10 minutes diligently removing them with a q-tip . I honestly ca n't think of anything positive to say about this grinder . Cord storage ? A practically useless feature . Design ? My blender is more eye-catching , and to be honest I could care less what it looks like , as long as it works as it should . It amazes me that something so simple could fail so totally at its intended function , and I 'm really surprised that there are any positive reviews for this product . It also surprises me how few coffee grinders there are that have a washable grinding chamber ; I would have thought that would be a common feature nowadays . Cleaning out coffee grinds is not a task I prefer doing in the morning , or ever.I got this as a gift , so I 'm stuck with it for a while , but I 'd highly recommend looking elsewhere for a grinder , unless you enjoy frustration .
 Had this grinder for 8 months . Two large cracks have formed in the side of the unit , now they are widening and trapping lots of coffee grounds . I 'm tossing it and getting a different brand . All form , no function .
 Unfortunately I did n't open the box after having this grinder for a year . Half of the lid was shattered in the box , which makes the on/off switch not function . Great - I was eagerly awaiting my morning coffee and now not only did I lose my investment in this grinder but I have to go buy coffee .
 The grinder itself is fine but the plastic lid was crumbling when I took it out of the box , which unfortunately was after the return period expired . So there are chips of plastic missing along the bottom of the lid . You 'd think a company would want to look at such a thing to improve their product . I 'd opt for a grinder with rave reviews .
 It looks nice but :1 -RRB- The motor does n't really hold up , and a burning electrical smell is common after minimal use -LRB- not that you are supposed to grind for more than 20 - 30 seconds at a time , still it has problems -RRB- 2 -RRB- The lid is useless as a storage or transfer container . By accident I often move the grinds to the lid thinking that I 'll scoop from here , only to have it overflow .3 -RRB- The plastic is of poor quality . 1 of 3 of these started cracking like crazy .4 -RRB- For the price you can do much better , if you have to get this style of grinder .
 So , got this one at whole foods.I was in a hurry to make me a coffee I guess.The button is now permanently stuck on `` on '' . So I just unplug it.The grinding is not fine enough for me and there is no setting to change this.So , just do n't buy it.have a good day.Saar
 I do n't normally write reviews , but I feel so strongly about this coffee grinder , that I will.I had this coffee grinder for a year . I used it occasionally , as I sometimes would be lazy and use pre-ground . A year into having this thing , it 's broken . Just off the top there.Next up , this thing is a gigantic pain to clean . There are two crevices inside of it which collect coffee grinds . They 're too small for a normal dishrag , so you end up having to use a Q-Tip or some other small device to clean . Let me tell you , that is exactly what I want to do in the morning after making myself a cup of coffee.Lastly , the cord placement is at the bottom of the grinder and you have to pull very hard to get the cord to come out and stretch.Overall , this is a horrible product and I would advise against purchasing it for any reason besides wasting your money and aggravating yourself .
 I bought this coffee grinder from Whole Foods and had it for about 2 years . It started to making this crackle/pop noise . Then one day it just died . The blade appeared to be broken off . I ran out and bought another one because I needed coffee immediately . The second one I bought lasted just under 6 months . And did the same exact thing . And is now useless . I did n't think I would need to save the receipt so I ca n't bring it back.I 've also had similar experiences as others . * I have to shake the maker to get a consistent grind * It only grinds enough for 8 cups * The tip comes off too easily . I 've had many spills * The small plastic piece that holds the blade cracked making the entire thing useless.I would never buy this one again .
 Problems : * does not grind coffee very fine and leaves many whole beans * very limited volume for beans * top is not secure , and can fall off easily -LRB- mostly an issue for when taking it in and out of the cabinet -RRB- * broke after 4 months of ` weekend-only ' use -LRB- the blade just fell off -RRB-
 After three months of grinding only once a day -LRB- one cup worth of beans -RRB- , it fell apart . My experience was similar to that of a previous reviewer , the arm with the blades fell off the axle and was therefore useless . I understand an occasional defect , but the worst part was Bodum 's customer service . They very rudely informed me that they were n't interested in hearing from me unless I had a receipt . I asked , `` Are you telling me that most people actually save their receipts when they buy a coffee grinder ? '' , to which they curtly replied , `` Yes , everybody else does '' . I ca n't believe that this is true , and I think they should stand behind their product a little better than this .
 I bought this grinder and after about 2 weeks of use it stopped turning off until it was unplugged . I returned it and got a replacement . After about a month the same problem happened with the new grinder . clearly a design flaw .
 It is awkward to take off the top , add beans , grind and remove the grounds . It is also difficult to consistently get a reliable grind . After about a year of use the button stopped working so it had to be turned on and off by unplugging it . Overall the design of this type of coffee grinder is not ideal . I would suggest that regular coffee drinkers get a burr type grinder with a hopper and grind storage box .
 I bought this grinder on the recommendation of a coffee web site who claimed it ground more evenly than the Braun . First the pluses . It does grind more evenly . The cord also wraps nicely beneath the base in a nice bit of engineering.Now for the negatives compared to the Braun
 It works , but barely . Does n't grind well . Has an unusually short cord that requires unplugging to empty every time . I am going to replace this with a Krups which I 've owned in the past and always worked well .
 The exact dimensions of this cabinet were not given . The cabinet is not shaped like a triangle so the depth measurement is misleading . It would have been nice to see a drawing with exact measurements . It is actually too big for the space . However , now that it has been assembled - it came in a flat box , it would be too much to take it apart and send back . Keeping it but not satisified with the result .
 I bought this coffee grinder because I had heard that burr grinders were good for grinding beans for espresso . Maybe other burr grinders are , but this one is not . It produces perfectly acceptable grinding for use in a french press or a drip coffee maker , but even on the finest grind setting , it comes nowhere near a fine enough grind to make espresso . Also , I have noticed that the grinds are not very uniform in size ; on the finest setting there is some finely ground coffee but there are also a lot of larger grounds . I do n't notice any obvious improvement in coffee flavor over my whirly-blade grinder . The search for a good coffee grinder goes on .
 I 've been grinding coffee for two decades and have used a variety of burr grinders from Italy and Germany . This unit was always slow , noisy , and messy . Now after one year the timer knob has fallen off and the grinding has slowed to a halt . I 've cleaned the unit with no effect and can only think the gears are slipping ??? It is now in the trash and will be my last Bodum product !
 2 stars is maybe a little misleading . This grinder produces a beautiful , consistent grind . It introduced me to the importance of grind not only in producing a good cup of coffee , but in getting the most from your beans . However : The bean bowl is inexplicably huge . You can only use the full grinding cycle for 2 consecutive runs or the motor will overheat . Plan accordingly . Within a short period of time , the locking tabs on the bowl broke off , meaning I could no longer easily adjust the grind and I had to hold the bean bowl in place while grinding . Nevertheless , I continued to grind coffee for about 16 months until it recently died for good . Static electricity was also a problem . I was not happy with Bodum documentation or service.If you are very careful with the bean bowl and can figure out how to keep the bean grind path clean , then you can get along with this grinder . You ca n't knock the consistency of grind on this machine and the rich flavors it produces .
 I purchased this product in April 2003 . It worked great until last week . The motor runs but the grinder does not turn . After reading the other reviews here , I believe that my grinder has suffered the same fate as described by others , that is , stripped gears . I have also had two of the Bodum Santos Vacuum Makers fail . Could it be that there are some quality issues with Bodum products ?
 The major problem with this unit is that it does not grind fine enough . It only has 3 grind setting and the finest is to course for expresso . We are now stuck with a boat anchor .
 I 'm in the camp with reviewers whose comments on this product range from slightly disparaging to foaming at the mouth . The hopper is so flimsy that you need to be more careful than I was while extracting it from its packaging prior to first use , unless you also want the cheap plastic to break before you even plug it in.Static is a constant problem -LRB- not sure whether this problem is specific to Bodium though -RRB- . And after less than a month , the machine just stopped working . When I turn the timer , I can hear the mechanical timer rotating , but the gears do n't turn . I know the outlet is ok because I had to revert to the old blade grinder . And the timer knob is every bit as flimsy as described.I still prefer the conical burr grinder such as this one is , but I 'd probably buy a heftier one next time .
 Do not buy this coffee grinder . I 've had mine for just over two years and the plasticbean holder broke . I called Bodum and was informed that they carry no replacement partsfor this model .
 Have had this grinder for about a week now . I wanted to upgrade to a burr grinder and this model seemed well priced.I must say , when it works , the grind is consistent and makes a clearly superior cup of coffee . If it worked consistently I 'd gladly live with the other inconveniences of this model :1 . As another reviewer stated , additional grounds fall out as you remove the coffee ground container , requiring regular clean up before replacing the ` ground catcher ' .2 . The timer knob is poorly designed . It does n't turn easily and is very small , making it virtually impossible to turn to the same point each time . For instance , my last coffee grinder had a timer too and I knew to turn it to ' 12 ' , then ' 8 ' for a perfect pot . The timer on this is impossible to gauge and you must use the measuring scoop , and there are inevitably grounds left over.Small inconveniences , admittedly , for a great cup of coffee.However , the stupid thing wo n't work consistently . Literally every other time I 've used the thing I 've had it ` free spin ' on me , meaning the motor is overheating or something is stuck in the burrs , or probably what 's REALLY happening is that the gears are n't catching on the cheap plastic innards . Simply letting it cool down before grinding another batch does n't do the trick -LRB- and you need more than one turn of the dial to get enough coffee for a pot ... how annoying to have to deal with your coffee grinder going on the fritz right in the MIDDLE of trying to make coffee ! -RRB- . The only thing that worked for me was to take the whole darn thing apart and clean it ... turns out the only thing stuck in the grinder are the freakin ' beans . Our theory is that part of the plastic gear is wearing away , and if it 's trying to start up without a good grip on the gear then it goes into ` free spin ' mode . So sometimes you 're lucky and it 'll fire up , but other times it happens to end up in a ` flat spot ' and you 're screwed . If , in fact , this is what 's happening , it 's incredibly bad design that the gear has worn away in the first week of use!I 've had enough ... I 'm returning the stupid thing .
 Until I had read the other reviews on this site I thoughtthe lousy performance of this grinder was a fluke . WRONG!This thing generates enough staic electricity to light Atlanta!The unit is impossible to clean , and the grind settings areusless ! Do NOT waste your money on this thing ! Save yourselfthe trouble and spring for the Braun KMM30 instead , you willbe glad you did .
 I 'm sorry I bought this online -LRB- through this site -RRB- , as I can not return it!It worked fine until last week . The motor just whines . I 've taken it apart and cleaned it well . It may start initially , but then it stalls again.FYI , I disregarded other negative reviews when I bought this ! Do n't make my mistake !
 I had mine for 6 months , used maybe twice a week , and it just stopped working . I took it apart , and they use a steel helical gear on the shaft of the motor which meshes with a PLASTIC gear in the gear box . Sure enough , the teeth on the plastic gear were sheared off , creating a dead spot on the gear . Really poor design -LRB- all metal gears or a clutch would be better -RRB- . Bodum does n't sell parts online , but I 'm not into replacing a gear every 6 months . Interestingly , Bodum sells the unit online for less than here . Maybe they are trying to dump them.Avoid this unit at any price , and think carefully about other Bodum products which might share weak engineering .
 Absolutely the worst grinder made ... knobs will vibrate off , coffee hopper will never fit correctly , huge static electricity build up so coffee dust will fly out of hopper and create a mess everyplace on the unit , the grinder teeth never grind cleanly there is always a teaspoon of coffee waiting to fall when the hopper is pulled out ! DO NOT BUY THIS AT ANY PRICE . Ammazon requires a `` Star '' rating this gets ZERO stars even though they made me post one star .
 I used to have the now discontinued aluminum Bodum grinder ; a beautifully designed , well-built and sturdy product that withstood several years of daily use . This model , while similar in looks , is lightweight and poorly constructed - with the motor breaking after just a few months . I suggest avoiding it .
 Good strong motor , but after two weeks of everyday use the grinder stayed on after releasing the button in the cap . It never would turn off again.Also a word to the wise . Buy a good burr grinder if you want your coffee to be consistently good . Overall blade grinders just do n't give you a consistent grind .
 I 've owned this grinder for more than 2 years . I found myself use it less and less . The reasons being
 Machine looks cool , but does not grind the coffe finely enough ! And , getting the coffe out of it -LRB- with that silly shallow lid -RRB- is a trick you do n't want to try before your first cup of coffe in the morning .
 Terrible product ; it has to be constantly shaken to obtain anything approaching a complete grind ; usually I give up . We bought this to replace a Mr. Coffee grinder that broke after 10 + years of constant use . The first time I used the Bodum grinder I knew it was almost useless . It 's stylish though . A complete waste of money ... you get the picture now I hope .
 The Bodum C-Mill does grind beans consistently , in the sense that you 'll get the exact same mix of coarse and finely ground beans regardless of how long you grind the beans , how much you shake the grinder , or how many beans you fill it with . After you 're finished grinding , you 'll be happy to find plenty of coffee lavishly strewn over your countertop after you open the lid , which is interesting since so much of it sticks to the bottom of the thing . After you 've tapped , shaken , scraped and cursed most of the coffee out , cleanup is a breeze . Simply rinse out the lid under the faucet and wipe the inside of the unit with a paper towel , ignoring the fact that there are all kinds of crevices where grinds can get stuck and are nearly impossible to remove , unless you 'd like to spend another 10 minutes diligently removing them with a q-tip . I honestly ca n't think of anything positive to say about this grinder . Cord storage ? A practically useless feature . Design ? My blender is more eye-catching , and to be honest I could care less what it looks like , as long as it works as it should . It amazes me that something so simple could fail so totally at its intended function , and I 'm really surprised that there are any positive reviews for this product . It also surprises me how few coffee grinders there are that have a washable grinding chamber ; I would have thought that would be a common feature nowadays . Cleaning out coffee grinds is not a task I prefer doing in the morning , or ever.I got this as a gift , so I 'm stuck with it for a while , but I 'd highly recommend looking elsewhere for a grinder , unless you enjoy frustration .
 Had this grinder for 8 months . Two large cracks have formed in the side of the unit , now they are widening and trapping lots of coffee grounds . I 'm tossing it and getting a different brand . All form , no function .
 Unfortunately I did n't open the box after having this grinder for a year . Half of the lid was shattered in the box , which makes the on/off switch not function . Great - I was eagerly awaiting my morning coffee and now not only did I lose my investment in this grinder but I have to go buy coffee .
 This coffee grinder is very inconvenient to use -- getting the ground coffee out of the machine is difficult and messy . Removing the coffee requires a tiny spoon or a brush , and even then is incomplete , leaving dregs in the grinder to turn rancid and spoil the flavor of future coffee , and a mess on the counter . I 've used several less expensive models that were lots less trouble . Also , the body of the grinder is too fat to pick up securely with one hand , creating a tendency to drop it and make an even bigger mess . It looks like very little thought went into this design .
 I purchased this coffee grinder in July of 2003 . I love the design and the color matches our other teal accented kitchen items perfectly . It does a decent job of ginding coffee , but after only 5 months , of once a day use , it started to develop vertical stress cracks in the plastic casing around the top . As of right now -LRB- January 2004 -RRB- , more cracks have developed and the initial cracks have become even longer -LRB- going down below the interior stainless steel `` bowl '' -RRB- . Because of all the cracks , the lid now fits very loosely , and I 'm afraid that with more use , the cracks will continue to extend downward , rendering the entire unit unusable . The stainless steel cased version may be the way to go , but since we do n't have any stainless steel accessories in our kitchen , I will be replacing my grinder with another brand .
 We bought this grinder for our office , and used it for about 2 months , grinding at most 2-3 times a day on weekdays , and then the part that holds the blade onto the center axle cracked and fell off , leaving the axle spinning uselessly while the blade didnt move . We assumed it was a one-time fluke since Bodum is normally an excellent company , and purchased the same model again . Guess what ? The second one lasted maybe 3 months , and then the SAME problem occurred , with the main attachment for the blade just falling apart and eventually flying off and leaving us with another useless hunk of plastic and metal . We purchased both grinders at Whole Foods , I dont know if they distribute a different version of the same model or what but its really a poor excuse for a grinder , especially considering that Bodum is a company that specializes in all things Coffee and Tea.On the plus side , it did grind the coffee nicely ... while it worked .
 This coffee grinder is very inconvenient to use -- getting the ground coffee out of the machine is difficult and messy . Removing the coffee requires a tiny spoon or a brush , and even then is incomplete , leaving dregs in the grinder to turn rancid and spoil the flavor of future coffee , and a mess on the counter . I 've used several less expensive models that were lots less trouble . Also , the body of the grinder is too fat to pick up securely with one hand , creating a tendency to drop it and make an even bigger mess . It looks like very little thought went into this design .
 I bought this grinder after seeing it recommended on another site . Unfortunately , I quickly discovered that this grinder does not do a good job of fine grinding . Also , the lid is a little finicky going on and ca n't be used to hold the ground coffee . If you need your coffee ground fine , and do n't want to shell out the bucks for a burr grinder , try the Braun KSM2 .
 I selected this item as an incentive for subscribing to a coffee service . I find that I am using much more coffee now than when I was using ground coffee from the store . The coffee must be stirred in order to get a uniform grind , otherwise , the coffee in the bottom of the grinder is extremely fine and the coffee on the top is rather coarse.Nainie
 The blade broke off this unit after less than two years of light use . Inspection of the flimsy plastic that attaches the blade to the motor shaft reveal that breakage is basically inevitable . This is a very poor design .
 The Bodum is a poorly designed coffee grinder . The lip that extends from the lid into the body is far too short
 I received the grinder and decided to use it before my trip to test it . To test , I ground 20 grams of coffee in my burr grinder at a medium setting and 20 grams of the same coffee in the Bodum . I then screened the two grinds and visually examined the results . The Bodum had about the same amount of ` fines ' as the burr grinder . Too little to weigh on a scale sensitive to 1 gram . The grind itself was a bit of what you would expect from a whirley blade , much less consistent is size than the burr grinder . However , it was quite usable for traveling , which is what I had bought it for . Tasting the cups produced by the two grinders brewed in an Aeropress did show a difference , but not one that would make it a bad choice . The Bodum 's cup was a bit thinner , and was less defined than the cup produced with the burr grinder , losing a bit of the range produced by the burr grinder . Again , for travel use , not bad at all.Now , the downside . The Bodum arrived with the ` retractable ' cord unable to be extended . No matter what I try , the cord will not come out and I will need to return it for service . This makes it next to useless for the purpose for which I bought it , which was to have a portable grinder with which to travel . The other thing that bothers me in using this for it 's intended purpose is it 's weight . -LRB- which is not a bad thing if you use it as your primary grinder -RRB- it weighs a bit more than it looks like it would , and as travelers know today , weight becomes an issue . Minor issue really , but an issue.Update 10/30/2010 : I no longer use this for coffee and have relegated it to spice grinding . For my travel needs , I use a Hario hand cranked grinder with ceramic burrs.Hario Coffee Hand Grinder SkertonI just finished a trip to Thailand , and had fresh ground home roast every day I was there . It takes a bit of elbow grease to grind the 20 grams needed for the Aeropress , but it is not all that bad ... about 90 seconds of vigorous cranking does the job .
 Problems : * does not grind coffee very fine and leaves many whole beans * very limited volume for beans * top is not secure , and can fall off easily -LRB- mostly an issue for when taking it in and out of the cabinet -RRB- * broke after 4 months of ` weekend-only ' use -LRB- the blade just fell off -RRB-
 After three months of grinding only once a day -LRB- one cup worth of beans -RRB- , it fell apart . My experience was similar to that of a previous reviewer , the arm with the blades fell off the axle and was therefore useless . I understand an occasional defect , but the worst part was Bodum 's customer service . They very rudely informed me that they were n't interested in hearing from me unless I had a receipt . I asked , `` Are you telling me that most people actually save their receipts when they buy a coffee grinder ? '' , to which they curtly replied , `` Yes , everybody else does '' . I ca n't believe that this is true , and I think they should stand behind their product a little better than this .
 I bought this grinder and after about 2 weeks of use it stopped turning off until it was unplugged . I returned it and got a replacement . After about a month the same problem happened with the new grinder . clearly a design flaw .
 It is awkward to take off the top , add beans , grind and remove the grounds . It is also difficult to consistently get a reliable grind . After about a year of use the button stopped working so it had to be turned on and off by unplugging it . Overall the design of this type of coffee grinder is not ideal . I would suggest that regular coffee drinkers get a burr type grinder with a hopper and grind storage box .
 I bought this grinder on the recommendation of a coffee web site who claimed it ground more evenly than the Braun . First the pluses . It does grind more evenly . The cord also wraps nicely beneath the base in a nice bit of engineering.Now for the negatives compared to the Braun
 It works , but barely . Does n't grind well . Has an unusually short cord that requires unplugging to empty every time . I am going to replace this with a Krups which I 've owned in the past and always worked well .
 The grinder itself is fine but the plastic lid was crumbling when I took it out of the box , which unfortunately was after the return period expired . So there are chips of plastic missing along the bottom of the lid . You 'd think a company would want to look at such a thing to improve their product . I 'd opt for a grinder with rave reviews .
 It looks nice but :1 -RRB- The motor does n't really hold up , and a burning electrical smell is common after minimal use -LRB- not that you are supposed to grind for more than 20 - 30 seconds at a time , still it has problems -RRB- 2 -RRB- The lid is useless as a storage or transfer container . By accident I often move the grinds to the lid thinking that I 'll scoop from here , only to have it overflow .3 -RRB- The plastic is of poor quality . 1 of 3 of these started cracking like crazy .4 -RRB- For the price you can do much better , if you have to get this style of grinder .
 So , got this one at whole foods.I was in a hurry to make me a coffee I guess.The button is now permanently stuck on `` on '' . So I just unplug it.The grinding is not fine enough for me and there is no setting to change this.So , just do n't buy it.have a good day.Saar
 I do n't normally write reviews , but I feel so strongly about this coffee grinder , that I will.I had this coffee grinder for a year . I used it occasionally , as I sometimes would be lazy and use pre-ground . A year into having this thing , it 's broken . Just off the top there.Next up , this thing is a gigantic pain to clean . There are two crevices inside of it which collect coffee grinds . They 're too small for a normal dishrag , so you end up having to use a Q-Tip or some other small device to clean . Let me tell you , that is exactly what I want to do in the morning after making myself a cup of coffee.Lastly , the cord placement is at the bottom of the grinder and you have to pull very hard to get the cord to come out and stretch.Overall , this is a horrible product and I would advise against purchasing it for any reason besides wasting your money and aggravating yourself .
 I bought this coffee grinder from Whole Foods and had it for about 2 years . It started to making this crackle/pop noise . Then one day it just died . The blade appeared to be broken off . I ran out and bought another one because I needed coffee immediately . The second one I bought lasted just under 6 months . And did the same exact thing . And is now useless . I did n't think I would need to save the receipt so I ca n't bring it back.I 've also had similar experiences as others . * I have to shake the maker to get a consistent grind * It only grinds enough for 8 cups * The tip comes off too easily . I 've had many spills * The small plastic piece that holds the blade cracked making the entire thing useless.I would never buy this one again .
 I have/had two versions of this kettle ... the white and the clear . The white was an earlier design with a slightly different kettle-to-base connection . The earlier version lasted about three years and was ok although it would stop working every now and again until I gave it a fiddle . It finally died in its sleep . The very very flimsy flip up switch finally broke and couldnt be fixed any more.There are two critical flaws with the current design . .1 -RRB- the kettle and base do not mate properly , resulting in either the kettle not turning on . or when the kettle is lifted off , it also snags the base off the counter .2 -RRB- the bottom of the base is suppose to allow for any excess length of electrical cord to be wrapped around some pins - but the base is too light , and the the pins dont hold the electrical cord in place . The cord will often detach and tangle under the base . I have given up trying to wrap the cord at all.Although I havent taken the current version of the kettle apart yet , I suspect it also uses the same flimsy flip up switch - so I am giving this a three year life also.Come on , Bodum , you can do better than this . I like your cool designs but you shouldnt have to sacrifice quality.I am adding this paragraph three months after the rest of this review . The kettle has stopped working - less than a year old . Needless to say , we wont be buying Bodum kettles anymore .
 I used this water kettle about twice a day over the last 15 months . It was great . Then without warning it stopped . I consider Bodum a great choice generally speaking , but not this product .
 this particular model has a defective switch . I know abpout 3 cases when the switch stopped woprking within months of purchase . in this case it happened right away . No good .
 The switch started flickering and not functioning properly very soon . Returned for a refund but have not heard from them in weeks!No refund either !
 its better to buy qualityeverytime i buy cheaper Ikea ect and this product i regret my purchaseworked good for a year but the cheap plastic brokeim going to buy stainless this time ... buy quality over price is my new motto or dont buy at allfor some reason i think european product = quality but nope , shop aroundi do like the shape though considering my limited counter space
 While this is a great kettle while it lasts , you never know how long that will be . Keep your receipt ! The base contact switch is of inferior construction and fails . A quick search on the internet will show that many people have had problems . Mine lasted one year for a product that has a two year warranty . I spoke to Bodum and they know there is a continuing problem with the switch . Since this problem has been around since at least 2002 , it is Amazing that Bodum has n't asked STRIX -LRB- maker of the # P69 switch -RRB- for a different switch for the kettle . So , be prepared to return the Kettle under warranty or use it until it fails and purchase another one . With a better switch , this would be a 5 star product .
 I replaced it with a Melitta Express Kettle , also 1.7 Litres , which seems to have a nicer balance , and definitely a better base arrangement , since the connector is in the middle and you can put the kettle down on it in any orientation . Seems to boil faster , too , but that may be illusory .
 We bought the Bodum 5500 in July 2009 to replace an identical Bodum we had had for at least 5 years before the plastic around the base connector began to melt . The replacement kettle only lasted until April 2011 before the plastic melted on the base connector . We had gotten rid of the old kettle for safety reasons , even though the kettle still worked . The replacement kettle stopped working completely shortly after we noticed the melted plastic.It seems that this kettle . and probably all the other kettles currently available , are made in China , and they are only made to last the length of the one-year warranty.Very disappointing .
 I 've got a box full of these that have been returned to our store because they burn out . The problem seems to come when the kettle is used multiple times without a cool down period . The switch internals melt down leaving you with a dead pot .
 I like the looks of this kettle , it has a ball that shows the water level , and when it works it boils water relatively quickly . However , the base only accepts the kettle in a single orientation . This is a problem with the oval design of both kettle and base . If a circular power stub is in the middle of the circular base , then you do n't have to get the angle of the incoming kettle just-so in order to get it on the base . Ok , so then you get it on the base and switch it on . Here you must watch carefully to see if the light goes on on the top , because it is about 50-50 whether or not you have really got the kettle properly on the base . If the light is not on then you have to jiggle the kettle until it comes on . True , we are not approaching the complexity of landing a plane , but frankly putting the kettle on should not be such a fiddly operation.The spout has a filter , but this is good & bad . Good because you do n't get bits of kettle fur in your tea -LRB- not that I 've ever had this happen -RRB- . Bad because you ca n't really fill the kettle via the spout . So you have to lift the lid every time and it 's not super convenient to do that.Final bit of this rant ... er , review is that in less than 6 months of use , the kettle stopped working altogether . I am not impressed . I 've used many electric kettles over the years and while this is perhaps the prettiest it is perhaps the most flawed .
 Product lasted for about 20 months before the kettle 's connector to the base failed -LRB- shorted and the plastic mount melted ! -RRB- . On inspecting it , I suspect repeated removal/replacement of the kettle portion results in a bent or weakened connection and shorting . Still a nice kettle for a $ 1.50 / month ; - -RRB-
 The towels are attractive , but you have to take so much time to dry a dish with them , they are too time consuming to use . I 'm still looking for a dish towel which will actually absorb the water and not just push it around ! Very disappointed !
 I recently purchased a three pack of Cleancaf Urnex and I wo n't be purchasing this product again . after three months of use my expresso machine I thought needed a cleaning , so I use one packet of urnex and although it did clean my machine , it left a bitter taste . even after 5 rinses . I 'll try no pulp lemon juice the next time .
 Perhaps my machine was too scaled when I attempted to use this product but it did absolutely nothing to help clean the scale from inside the unit . It also boasts that it is a natural product in the advertising but the box has scary warnings regarding the usage . I was disappointed and would not recommend it to anyone .
 terrible performance not wort the money does not grate the cheese in an acceptable way and is too small for a family use I definatly going to raccomand this product personally I had better axpectation fro a compani like DeLonghi
 There is only one size grater with this machine and it is very fine . We talked with company to see if we could get a larger grate , which is not available . This machine is way slower than grating by hand . It will grate hard cheese and soft cheeses , but forget about trying to clean it afterwards . Its 10 minutes to get the grater out of the machine.We gave it away to the salvation army after a trying it for a few weeks .
 I also had to get two to get this one to work . The first one , the switch did not stay on . The second one worked for 6 months , then just stopped working . Do n't bother getting this one .
 Looks can be deceiving . From the perspective of design , this is a beautiful kettle . If you can get it to work , it does heat the water quickly , but I have now ordered two of these . The first one leaked and the replacement wo n't turn on -LRB- the on switch wo n't stay in the on position at all -RRB- . I give up and suggest strongly that you look elsewhere .
 I got this product for Christmas ; it is either defective or of very poorly quality . It worked fine juicing the first 3-4 oranges , but after that , the motor could n't seem to cope with any sort of actual pressure -- it seemed like it just was n't powerful enough . The `` two-way rotation '' feature is a total crock as well ...
 Not enough juice to get juice ! This machine is n't powerful enough to fully juice a half lemon . Not really worth the price , better off with a hand operated powerful one .
 This was great while it lasted . It just did n't last very long . I had it about 2 or 3 months when it stopped heating . Not a very good record . I think `` One Star '' is too much for 3 months of work .
 This is a great working water kettle if you 're willing to buy a new one once a year . We had three now , two of them got replaced within the warranty period . The third one unfortunately is dying just past the warranty period . It is always the same failure mode . The contacts are getting burned out . We bought the first one approximately three years ago . We kept buying it because of the large capacity but now we 'll look for a different one . We 're using it at least twice a day .
 I apologize to anyone who saw my earlier review for this item - only today , when I recieved the second one I 'd ordered , did I discover that I was mistakenly sent the full-size cordless Ibis when I ordered this mini-version a while back . The full-size version I still recommend 100 % . That is the one that is pictured above -LRB- for the teal option -RRB- . But this one -LRB- the mini -RRB- appears pretty useless , and is certainly NOT going under the Xmas tree this year , I 'm getting the full-size one right now . Go check that one out by searching for `` Ibis Cordless '' .
 I opened this kettle and the button did not work . I called Bodum and they told me to return it . So crappy product and no customer service when there is a problem .
 I just got this water heater from a relative . Probably thought it would come in handy in my dorm room . But , I do n't think he remembers that heating plastic , then ingesting/touching the plastic is good . You know how you should n't put plastic containers in the microwave , because touching the softened plastic and ingesting the food that 's absorbed the softened plastic is , over time , carcinogenic ? Same reason why I will not be using this water heater . I have my own small immersion heater . It 's basically a heating mechanism -LRB- pretty similar to the one in this plastic heater -RRB- that you put in a safe -LRB- glass , ceramic , etc. -RRB- container with water in it , plug it in and it boils the water . Easier to clean off any grime on it too .
 I have now owned three of these and love them as long as they work . Unfortunately two of them have failed , the last after just a couple of months . In each case the switching mechanism failed , making it impossible to use . The third pot , which has not failed , I think may be protected by the fact that I use it much less as it is in a second home . I wo n't buy another .
 I received this in November for my office and thought the design was terrible but it boiled water and I hate to return products . It broke today , 2 and half months later.I have a superior Black and Decker at home that has a hidden element and it keeps the water warm for a while after boiling . The Bodum is cheap plastic with no insulation and the metal heating element is exposed inside the water container . I guess you get what you pay for .
 My husband bought me one of these two years ago for Christmas . I was ecstatic , because I love tea and was sick of boiling water in the microwave for it . This kettle worked great -- for about 10 months . Then one morning , with no warning , the kettle gushed water from the bottom when I filled it.We returned the kettle to Bodum for a replacement , as it was still under warranty . The replacement kettle would not attach to the heating element . We sent it back and got a second replacement . It has worked well -- for about 10 months , when the automatic switch mechanism failed . We had to start watching the thing like a hawk to take it off the element when it reached a boil -LRB- we ca n't shut the switch off manually because it does n't work -RRB- . Now , this morning , it just did n't turn on at all.The kettle is STILL under warranty , so we could return it for a new one , but we 're giving up and trying a different brand .
 After about 3 months of operation the unit stopped working . I disassembled the base to find burned wiring and a burned contact element . Otherwise a great product .
 If you would like a tiny little water kettle for your office , this product may be for you . However , it was n't for me ; and I 'll tell you why .1 . From the picture , it looks like the mini-kettle will dislodge from a base . It wo n't -- you have to pour the contents with the cord attached .2 . The kettle feels lightweight , fragile and awkward -- like it will tip over and spill at any second .3 . Removing and replacing the safety lid is an annoying chore .4 . The heating element actually touches your water in the containment unit.Basically ? The product feels cheap .
 I have had an earlier bodum kettle which worked great for 6 years . It finally wore out so I bought a new one online . It lasted a month before the switch stopped working . I called customer `` service '' who said `` I feel bad , but theres nothing I can do unless it fails within one month . '' Mine failed and it seems from a quick google search that lots of other peoples have failed too . Beware of this kettle and read the fine print
 Before you buy the mini ibis , make sure you understand that it 's very very small
 All I can say is , good thing I was n't in the line of fire , when my kettle exploded and the lid came hurling through my kitchen.Just do n't buy this product , please !
 My wife and I are on our second DGB-600BC . The first one had all sorts of problems and lasted about 2 years . Cuisinart was nice enough to ship us a new unit last year -LRB- 2007 -RRB- for no cost . We appreciated that , but now the replacement unit will not complete the brewing cycle . We had this same problem with our last unit . Our patience has been exhaused ; we are giving up on Cuisinart grind and brew coffee makers . If anyone has found a grind and brew coffee maker that actually works , please let me know .
 This machine makes really good coffee and you get used to cleaning it every time you use it , but they simply do n't last very long . I 'm on my second -LRB- and last -RRB- one . The first one lived about 2 years , this one has lasted about six months . Very pricey , time consuming to clean , do n't have a long life , basket tends to pop out and make a mess , but makes wonderful coffee when it works . I 'd give it five stars if it was all about the coffee , but the problems outweigh the good .
 This is my 3rd grind and brew . I love coffee . I may not match the scale of others but I enjoy a good cup of joe . I was using the usual grinders that make a mess in the measuring and in the using . I purchased the very first grind and brew and loved it . The grinder stopped working within a year . I bought some ` also ran ' brands that did not compare to the Cuisinart . This is now my third grind and brew that has stopped grinding . I do n't expect them to last for ever , but exterior grinders do . So I contact Cuisinart service just on the basis of how long should I expect the grinder to last , in fact I purchased a replacement grinder thinking that was the problem . No the grinder still does not work . When you purchase a `` Grind and Brew '' you get a ` No grind and may brew '' . I have had the overflowing and other arrayed mishaps . But a customer Service rep who cares nothing for my inquiry is just adding fragrance to dung . They said I should mail the broken pot that does not grind but does make coffee , with $ 10 shipping and handling to them and then they will send me a new pot . What , mail my only coffee pot !!!??? I will purchase a new one and forget Cuisinart .
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for my mother and returned it within a few days . The coffee brews at a temperature that is too low for good flavor and the burner does not keep the pot hot enough for later drinking . The workings of the unit are too complex and it is difficult to clean . I would not recommend this product .
 Well , it sounds like a good idea to have coffee grinder and coffee maker all in one , but Cuisinart did NOT get it right . The grinding function is completely high maintenance . You have to wash out all the grinding parts after ever use and you end up wasting coffee because that compartment gets wet while brewing causing the newly ground coffee to stick to it . Also , plan on waking up the whole family when you 're making your morning coffee , because the grinder is SO loud . And if that 's not bad enough , the compartment that holds the freshly ground coffee often pops open while the coffee is brewing spewing coffee & grinds all over the place . Seriously , do n't waste your money .
 It looked like a great idea . I 'm a big coffee drinker and I love fresh ground coffee , so I plopped down the $ 125 -LRB- approx . -RRB- for what I thought was a well engineered and well thought out product . Shortly thereafter , I realized that it was a lot of work to brew a pot of coffee . When you start with a dry grinder and chute , it works great ! Put the beans and water in the night before , set the timer , and wake up to that wonderful sound of beans grinding . Fastforward to bedtime . You just want to plop down into bed , but you ca n't because you have to take the grinder apart , wash and dry it , wipe down the dispenser chute and all the coffee sludge that accumulates inside the top compartment . When it brews , the top compartment fills with steam and condensation , soaking the grinder and chute in the process . DESIGN FLAW!Having to take apart , clean , and dry this thing every single day became such a pain in the rear that I threw the damned thing in the garbage . I would n't give that piece of crap to my worst enemy.I bought a Hamilton Beach Brewstation as a replacement . Now that 's a great coffee maker !
 This is the worst design for a grind and brew coffee machine . Not only do the coffee grinds get all over the inside and outside of the machine , making it a total mess , but so does the water . So you end up with a wet mess of coffee grinds every time you brew a cup of coffee . The mess builds up in the grinder and prevents it from spinning . So you get a good cup of coffee at the expense of spending 15 minuntes of cleaning and maintenence every time you use this machine . Not worth the $ 150 or less that it sells for ! ** Check out the Melita grind and brew that sells for under $ 100 . Its got a much better design and makes great coffee . It got great reviews .
 I really can not state any better what has already been said . The engineers that designed and built this coffee maker should be fired and punished to a life of manufacturing paper clips . This coffee pot may look pretty , but it is nothing but junk . It is a time waster , I could drive to the coffee shop and back every day for the time it takes to set up and clean this coffee maker.I 've only had this thing for a month and this morning the basket door popped open while I was upstairs , slowly flooding my counter top with water . That on top of the condensation problem , poor pot pouring design , too many plastic parts to clean , loud grinder , weak coffee , water leaks into internal parts , etc. etc.STAY AWAY !!! ZERO STARS !
 I wanted to get a grind in brew coffee pot with a caraffe so options under $ 300.00 were limited . I found this and really liked the look . Overall it 's easy to figure out -LRB- if your not one for directions -RRB- BUT it really has some faults that need to be corrected . The filter door pops open randomly . The first two times -LRB- after a brief freak out -RRB- I tried to take a look at how I was doing things to see if maybe how I put the filter in or the plastic top was actually causing the door to pop but I could n't see how I could be more careful . I actually had one run of about6 pots of coffee with no issues but the messes just keep happening and my frustration level reached it 's limit . I boxed the thing back up and returned it . The positive is the caraffe . It keeps the coffee hot even overnight . I hope Cuisinart can figure out how to improve the filter door - they 'd have a pretty great product if they did .
 I hate this thing . No matter how much coffee you put in the basket , no matter how little water you put in the machine , it still comes out looking and tasting like weak tea . On top of that , its a huge mess to clean up everyday .
 Not only is it extremely messy , but if you like strong coffee you wo n't like this machine . Using the grind option makes very weak coffee so you have to fill the basket with more coffee so there 's no point . Without the grind option it 's just another coffee maker . We had ours for 3 months , threw it out and bought a Mr. Coffee for 20 bucks . It 's not worth the expense and certainly not for the coffee connoiseur . = ^ ^ =
 Okay , so first of all , the pot is poorly designed . Everytime you pour water out of it -LRB- or coffee -RRB- you are GUARANTEED to spill a little on the countertops . Next , the steam does not escape this machine at all , so you have to open the thing up after every pot to dry it out.My wife and I have had the coffee machine for a little over 2 years . After about 6 months , we had to start figuring out a way to trick the machine into grinding and brewing -- it involved turning the `` on '' switch a little to the left , then quickly to the right . That worked for a while . Then , 2 days ago , it stopped working . Entirely . No tricks , no nothing.The design is beautiful . But the greatness of this machine ends on the outside . Inside it 's just a terribly sad excuse for a grind and brewer .
 I have this poor excuse for a coffeemaker . Overpriced and it does n't do the job . I have it 3 years . For $ 150.00 it should last longer than that ! It leaks from the bottom and mine is n't the only one doing that . The coffee does n't stay warm for more than 10 minutes . If they were giving them away FREE - I would n't take one . My warantee was up but I called Cuisinart anyway . They offered to have me ship it to them , they 'd evaluate it , and then tell me how much to fix it . Big deal . Taking it to the dumps where it belongs . Do n't buy this . You 'll spend $ 150 for garbage .
 We have had the Cuisinart for 16 months . It is now leaking water all over our counter and there apparently is not solution . If you google this issue with Cuisinart , you will see a lot of people have had the same problem and no solution . Save your money and buy a product that is not defective and is properly serviced . \
 UPDATE
 Oh , where do I start ? Well , lets start with the grinder . The grinding unit is plastic with a coarse finish , that the grinds cling to , causing probably 1/3 of them to remain in the grinder . This requires you to disassemble the grinder and clean it thoroughly for every pot . This issue also causes the coffee to be very weak . The grinder makes an ungodly amount of noise -LRB- it literally scares small children -RRB- . Grinds will get caught in the latch for the basket causing it to spring open while brewing . This , in turn , causes the brew-pause valve to close , even though water continues to reach the basket , overflowing it all over the floor . Try grinding your own beans ? Do n't grind them too fine , and make sure you do n't put in enough for a decent pot of coffee as it will overflow the basket.On the plus side ? 1 . Digital clock keeps decent time2 . The Carafe is actually very nice3 . The cheap plastic makes a delicious crunch as you smash it to pieces .
 I thought this would be the coffee maker of my dreams , being single I thought it would be a bit like having a really sweet and thoughtful boyfriend . Freshly ground and brewed coffee waiting for me when I woke up.However , the grinder and all its various impossible to clean parts needs to be thoroughly cleaned and dried every time it is used , so it creates a mountain of extra work every day.If the carafe is not in exactly the right place you will have a horrible coffee mess everywhere unless it is the spring loaded basket popping out creating the giant mess so expect at least one giant mess a week from this beauty and all before you have had your cup of coffee . How absolutely charming!Plus it makes weak coffee so for a decent cup of coffee you ca n't make a full pot which is probably for the best because it will be cold before you have had a chance to drink it.Initially I thought it would be a smallish price to pay to wake up to freshly ground and brewed coffee and generally less trouble than a boyfriend . But then one morning after only owning it two months I came down from my shower and the thing was ON FIRE . Less like a boyfriend and more like a crazy stalker from hell.They sent me a replacement coffee maker which I was too afraid to use on a timer again . So no freshly ground and brewed coffee upon awakening for me . To add insult to injury the grinder on the second model stopped working after three months . Not such a giant deal since I had long stopped using it because of the weak coffee issue . I did n't call for another replacement . I did n't want to see that piece of garbage on my counter anymore . Good riddance .
 First , Cuisinart products are made in China these days , and it shows in all of them . As for this coffee maker , it is so badly designed , it 's barely functional . * The water reservoir is a step-down design which is hard to read because you ca n't really tell where the water level is - keep a flashlight handy . If you only want to make 3 cups , good luck . It 's like looking down a well . * The grinder is startlingly loud - very unpleasant to wake up to . Even if you steel yourself for the noise , it 's still shocking . * Steam builds up in the grinder , and it gets gummy and nasty . * It 's a pain to clean * The coffee is weak and lukewarm . The grinder is not big enough to hold the proper amount of beans for 10 cups of coffee.I hate this machine . It would give me great satisfaction to beat it to bits with a baseball bat .
 First
 I do n't normally write reviews , but thought I would share my experience . I recieved this coffee pot as a gift over a year ago and have been using it daily . I 've had enough and am looking for another one . I do n't get the defensive reviews . While you obviously hear other bean grinders , this one is very loud , louder than any bean grinder I have had or heard . I 've also had all the cleaning issues , clogs , and spills -LRB- all over the counter -RRB- . It is a pain to maintain . This product is just poorly designed . I have high regard for cuisinart in general , but this product does not work well.When it does work , it makes good coffee . It does heat the water very high , which is nice . The carafe keeps the coffee warm for awhile , but I sometimes prewarm it.If you are up for disassembling it daily , thouroughly cleaning each part AND the chambers in the maker , then this machine does make good coffee . I just do n't think it 's worth the hassle . It looks very nice and all the electronics -LRB- timer etc -RRB- work well .
 This is one of the worst coffee makers I have owned . Maintaining this beast is a pain . You must clean it AND dry it througly every night or else your coffee will taste awful . Also , it does n't have a warmer and if you are like me and drink your coffee over the course of several hours , this will not work for you . Do n't buy this one ... move on !
 Sometimes this machine makes a decent cup of coffee -- not consistently though . The grinder is loud enough to damage your hearing . I hate this machine . I run to another room and stick my fingers in my ears while it 's grinding . Will buy another brand and donate this monster to charity . At first I thought my machine was defective because it makes so much noise , but I see other reviewers commented on the same issue . Calling it `` howling '' or sounding like an `` SST '' taking off -- that 's NOT an exaggeration . Anyway , I am VERY unhappy w / this coffee machine .
 This machine makes a great cup of coffee when it 's behaving . The carafe keeps the coffee hot and never burnt tasting.I must say we rarely use the grinder . A pain to clean all the parts even when you do n't use the grinder . But the most irritating characteristic of this machine is that you never , ever know when it 's going to overflow all over itself and the counter - ruining the entire pot of coffee . Just as another reviewer stated ... it will do it 2-3 mornings in a week and then go another 2-3 weeks before doing it again . And yes , we use the same grind each time , same brand of coffee , same amount of water and always place the filter basket as the instruction booklet warns . We 've cleaned up our last mess today . We 're getting another machine .
 We have had this appliance for a little over two years , and it appears to be on the way out . It starts grinding on it 's own , and conversely sometimes does not grind when we tell it to . It appears the circuitry now has problems.While we are very happy with the taste of the coffee , it is difficult to clean and we are going to try something else next to see if there is a better product for the money .
 Makes ok coffee , but it is such a pain to clean ! Everyday you have to clean the grinder because it gets wet during brewing , the basket and of course , the carafe . But wait , there 's more ! You also have to clean the grinder compartment and underneath it too , because the ground coffee dust gets everywhere.Someone needs to design a coffee maker that does not expose the grinder to moisture . Watch this coffee maker drop in price , it is a lemon . Trust me , buy a Zojirushi , it 's the best out there .
 We were excited to receive this coffee maker as a gift , but after one week , I 'm getting rid of it . True , the clean up is a hassle , but if it brewed a decent cup of coffee , I would be willing to live with it . The coffee consistently gets stuck in the grinder and leaves you with a weak , tasteless batch of coffee . Save your money !
 This is the second of this type of coffee maker that I have had and I am always having problems . My mom bought the first one and the coffee would not brew correctly into the pot and it would spill all over along with the coffee grinds . The second has an entirely different problem ... it does n't brew all 12 cups at once ! I do everything I need to do to make a full pot of coffee and it will brew three and then beep that it 's done and I have to start it again -LRB- without the grinder -RRB- and it brews another couple of cups and beeps and then I have to do it a couple more times before it fills up ! I 've tried cleaning it and anything I can think of and it does n't improve . So , since it takes about a half an hour to brew one pot of coffee , I would n't recommend it to anyone . I know a lot of people who love this coffee maker but I only saw problems .
 Im a coffee pro ! And let me tell you thiscoffee maker really is not good . The platedoesnt stay on after the coffee is made , andit gets actaully cool after less than 30 minutes.It doesnt even make a good tasting coffee.What a waste of money . The good news is Cuisinartmakes other coffee makers that are wonderful .
 The all-in-one is great for space and the idea is nice . Unfortunately , the steam from the brewing gets into the grinder area making the fine coffee dust into a sticky gooey mess that you have to clean out after each use , including the entire feed from the grinder into the basket.The pop-out door is n't well constructed either . For the price , I would choose another model without the built-in grinder .
 This is the worst coffee maker ever . # 1 -RRB- The coffee is LUKEWARM at best . It does not brew at the proper temperature and it does not stay hot -LRB- whether you press the 4 cups or less button or not -RRB- . I have to heat my coffee up in the microwave before it is drinkable , which adversely affects the flavor . Carafe does not keep the coffee warm and there is no warming element to heat it . # 2 -RRB- Probably due to # 1 above , the coffee is WEAK . I have to use twice as many beans and half as much water as recommended just to get a decent amount of flavor ... and this is using very strong and expensive gourmet French Roast beans . # 4 -RRB- What a MESS ! Grinder gets all covered with steam and has to be cleaned every time you use it . I spend more time cleaning the machine before making the coffee than I do drinking the coffee it makes . # 5 -RRB- You still have to premeasure the beans every time , unlike other combo coffee makers -LRB- e.g. Capresso -RRB- where there is a hopper that stays filled with beans and you just program how much to grind each time . This sort of eliminates the whole convenience factor , as you might as well just have a separate grinder.DONT BUY IT YOU WILL BE DISAPPOINTED !
 I purchased this for the potentially great combination of features.I have always bought Krups because it makes great cofee , but thought I would try this because of the added grinder and stainless carafe . But the annoyances are multiple . I ca n't find one good thing to say about this coffeemaker . It 's messy - I often found grounds on top of the carafe and on top of the filter container that spilled all over the countertop , it leaked , it not only takes a lot of cleaning it is messy to clean , the grinder clogs if there is any moisture in the shoot , it has a limited 10-cup capacity , you ca n't see how much water you 're putting in , no warming plate means that the coffee gets cold faster than coffemakers with warming plates , BUT THE WORST THING OF ALL IS THAT IT MAKES HORRBLE COFFEE . Unless you like dishwater , do n't buy this . This makes the worst coffee I have ever tasted . I tried all kinds of combinations and could never get a consistent brew . I threw out pot after pot . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I had high hopes that this coffee maker would solve my coffee grind mess problem , AND give me good coffee . Though it solved the mess , the coffee was terrible . I tried many ideas to make it stronger , but the basic problem was that the grind was too course , and the basket filter just does n't do as good a job as the cone . I have now purchased the Melitta and am VERY happy with the coffee , for less money , and less parts to clean . When it comes right down to it , good coffee is what I 'm after , and if a maker ca n't offer that , it 's not worth anything .
 NO MATTER WHAT I TRIED , COULD N'T GET GOOD STRONG COFFEE.THE OLDER MODEL HAD A STRENGTH ADJUSTER AND THIS ONE NEEDS IT.EVEN CUSTOMER SERVICE WAS NO HELP . LIKED EVERY FEATURE BUT THE COFFEE IT MADE . MAY TRY ANOTHER BRAND . USING MY OLD FAITHFUL AND GRINDING COFFEE SEPARATELY FOR NOW.PAIGE
 My husband received this coffee maker as a retirment gift a week ago . He is a heavy coffee drinker and this was a great gift idea for him - except he -LRB- we -RRB- have n't had a good cup of coffee yet !! After reading all the other reviews , I see this is common . We have tried different coffees , different grinds , less water , you name it , but to no avail . I said we should use our old Krups -LRB- made great coffee -RRB- and just bring this out when the gift giver comes over . Otherwise , I do n't think we 'll ever have another cup of good coffee in our house . We are very disappointed .
 Hello , I never write these but after putting up with this christmas gift that I hinted to my inlaws to purchase for my wife and I , I finally could ` nt take it anymaore and had to call Cuisinart -LRB- not easy to get through by the way -RRB- and ask if there was a recall or other complaints about the dribbling carafe . Apararently there was a run of carafes that had some problems and the woman whom I spoke to took my address and said another carafe was on the way . WoW ! . . that was easy ... we will see . When trying to pour coffee it would dribble . . a lot of coffee . . no matter how slow you poured . It made it impossible to pour coffee at the table for anyone without a towel handy . . DANGEROUS !!! As for functionality , here is my 2 cents . It is a fairly solid design that is compact and holds coffe warm for up to 4 hours . The cleaning part is a little time consuming . The ginding process works on the premise that as it grinds it pushes the coffee grinds through holes , this is how it determines its `` non adjustable '' brew strength -LRB- unlike some other grind and brew coffee makers that let you adjust the grind -RRB- ... anyway , if this mesh or holes are not completely dry than coffee gets clogged as it grinds . . this is one draw back of the unit . The unit has 6 parts you need to clean everytime you make coffee . . the grinder and top , the coffee grind holder and top , the filter and carafe . The unit forces you to either waste 2 paper towels every time you clean it or make you air dry over night -LRB- which does not always leave the grinder bone dry because of the ammount of small crevices . -RRB- Then there is the inside of the unit where the grinder is placed . . if anyone who has used this machine for any length of time can attest , after about 15-20 uses there forms a hard cake of coffee resin at the base where you place the grinder than can be difficult to clean unless you wipe it every time you are finished . . another paper towel unless you want to stain a cloth towel . In all if you were to time the clean up it takes a good 10-12 minutes to clean the thing if you are drying by hand for use . The other issue I have with it is that the grinding time is one set time . . another words . . the grinder runs when you make the coffee for the same mount of time if you make 10 cups of coffee as when you make 2 cups of coffee and this is sometimes anoying because it runs for a good 30 seconds and when your making 4 cups , like I often do , It continues to run where there is nothing to grind . It seems to me they could have made the grind time adjustable . OK . . maybe some of these thigs are a little picky but , hey , this is a hundred and something dollar coffee maker ... I expect alot considering this is not rocket science here . I often wonder if the people that design these things actually test and use them in there own homes . Too many coffee makers out there for s this thing to have so many faults!Patrick Beauchemin
 This coffeemaker is awful but you wo n't know it until you read the manual inside . It clearly states that you must clean and dry the coffeemaker `` after every use '' . Who wants that ? You ca n't even get to where the coffee and steam build up the gunk . Even the first coldwater brew after the decalcification process spilled out onto my floor and all over the counter . The Macy 's people would n't take it back , the Cuisinart people said they can only offer me 20 % off a new same item -LRB- super idea ! same crappy product ! -RRB- from them and now I 'm stuck with this DEFECTIVE coffeemaker . I have n't done anything to it except make coffee as a normal person would , I even went above and beyond to de-calcify it as they say and yet , NOTHING WORKS ! DO NOT buy this item ! It 's more work than it 's worth . I 'm off to buy your standard programmable coffeemaker because that makes much more sense for $ 50 versus the over $ 200 paid for this piece of junk .
 The Good - Makes a decent cup of coffee , thermal carafe is a nice feature , 1-4 cup pot feature is nice , that 's about it.The Bad - No variable grinding , coffee only kind of hot when ready , expensive.The Ugly -1 . No markings on outside or inside of carafe for measuring water , so the water resevoir in the coffee maker has a stair stepped plastic indicator that you can fill to the desired level . This requires that you are really tall , or you brew your coffee on the floor . My wife has huge problem with this .2 . When you finish brewing there are alot of parts to wash , the grinder base , grinder cover , basket cover , basket , and carafe .3 . This thing is louder than you can imagine when grinding coffee . We have a 9 month old baby and he has yet to sleep through it . Imagine using a 15 amp miter saw on your kitchen counter for about 30 seconds every morning when you wake up and you get the picture.Summary
 An absolute hunk of junk ! Mine -LRB- purchased 5 months ago -RRB- has never been easy to clean is currently on the way to the local landfill after I tired of using pliers to remove the grinder and basket attachment . Even using pliers , the grinder feature is impossible to remove . While having freshly brewed coffee is nice , this machine is not worth the hassle and agrivation !
 I was so excited when I got this coffee maker this past Christmas . I thought it was a much nicer version than the standard coffee maker I used before ... that is until I used it for a couple weeks . Things I ca n't stand about this model
 I spent more money on this coffeepot than any other one I 've ever bought ... and am extremely disappointed in it . I have 2 main complaints
 The reservoir on my first one started leaking about 2 yrs after I got it . I called Cuisinart and they replaced it . That one started leaking in less that a year . They replaced it , but expected me to pay shipping to send back the old one . Now the second replacement has started leaking after just under a year ... I am over it and switching brands for my new coffee maker.I love the way this Cuisinart coffee maker looks , and how little space it takes up on the counter . I like the grind and brew features , it 's easy to program , not that much of drag to clean , though oyou have ot work to get the coffee oils and dust out of the carafe lid ; but the thermal carafe is a hassle to pour from -- I end up having to completely invert it!I am VERY disappointed in the reservoir leak problem , and since I am 3 for 3 with this machine , making one 6 pot cup a day , I just ca n't recommend it -- unless you want to give a wedding gift to a couple you do n't care for .
 The grinding mechanism is very loud and it will serve as an alarm clock as well . As everyone else has mentioned , it 's very time consuming to take apart and clean each time . This maker , which was replaced by Cuisinart in March , has started cutting off just like the other two . The unit will beep after 2-3 minutes as if it is finished . It will eventually brew a pot of coffee if you start it at least 45 minutes prior to when you want it . We 've contacted Cuisinart about this , paid the $ 10.00 shipping fee each time and have received 2 replacement coffee makers over the past 3 years . Changing the charcoal filter and decalcifying with vinegar has no bearing on the problem . I suspect that Cuisinart is shipping out reconditioned units each time . It 's getting rather annoying and I definitely would not recommend this machine . However , it does brew great coffee if you can wait long enough and put up with the aggravation . This was a gift and my sister who has the same has been using hers for years without any difficulty at all . However , we 're considering other `` brew and grind '' options .
 I 'll try and add something new and objective to the multitude of reviews already listed here . I got this machine a week ago for cheap , so I really wanted to like it . However , the coffee it made never tasted right . It was bitter , but had no fullness to it regardless of how I adjusted the bean to water ratio . I decided to do a comparison with an old braun 4-cup aromamaster I had laying aroud.MATERIALS AND METHODS
 I have two major complaints about this product . Firstly , the grinder is `` preset to a medium grind '' . Well , I found it to be much coarser than the way I do it in my grinder so I have to use almost twice as many beans to get the same strength brew . At $ 11.99 per pound , that is not a good thing so I now disable the grind function and do it myself just like before . Secondly , the coffee does n't get hot enough , even when using the heat-boosting `` 1-4 Cup '' button . I have $ 150 coffeemaker and yet I grind my own beans and then have to microwave my coffee before drinking it . Thumbs down .
 After my beloved thermal Barrista -LRB- from Starbucks -RRB- died , I immediately went on a hunt for a new machine . I did n't have any particular brand in mind -LRB- although I knew I did n't want a Mr. Coffee -RRB- , but I did have few major criteria . My new coffee maker absolutely had to : * have a thermal carafe . * be constructed durably enough to withstand near-constant use/abuse . * not have a hotplate . * have a pause-and-serve feature -LRB- the easiest criterion of the bunch as it seems to be standard nowadays -RRB- . When I started shopping , I assumed it was my lucky day . Immediately upon entering the store , I spotted a Coffee Maker display standing proudly like an oasis . And immediately , the Cuisinart Grind & Brew caught my eye . I 'm embarrassed to admit that I did absolutely no research on the machine before laying down $ 149.00 plus tax for this sleek and gorgeous sludge-making machine.You see , this one stood proudly on a display next to other Cuisinart machines , in a section devoid of any other coffee makers . In retrospect , I feel cheap and manipulated
 I was so excited to get this home , looks pretty cool , a few friends have commented on that , I wanted the thermal carafe , but from the first pot I was so disappointed . Bought in 2005 , I thought in this day and age that the logistics of a pot that doesnt drip all over the counter when you pour have been worked out already - long ago . You have to TRY to get this wrong at this point . Cuisinart , I expected more from you.To spend this much money and have to wipe the counter every time I pour a cup , or pour over the sink , is beyond ridiculous.But thats not the worst part , the unit started to leak water from , somewhere . Not the pot because it was plain water , sitting under the plugged in unit while it brewed . So Im thinking , electrical appliance + puddle of water , hum , this isnt good.Another reviewer pointed out the grinder INside the water reservoir area - I echo the absurdity of this design . The condensation has to be wiped out every time or , Im afraid , mold will develope , but also makes a coffee bean muck to clean.To grind fresh beans in this moist environment is more trouble then its worth - use a seperate grinder.The design flaws make it clear was not just poorly thought out , but just plain sloppy and irresponsible.shame on you cuisinart.My recommendation DO NOT spend the money on this .
 We got this as a gift and were excited , but ultimately disappointed.I would rather have the old $ 15 Mr.Coffee back . No matter how many different tricks we try -LRB- pulling the carafe out so it steeps a little , adding extra grounds -RRB- the coffee is weak and just BAD!I am going to go out and get another french press .
 Okay I used to have a Melitta Mill and Brew and unfortunately they stopped making them . I would have bought a third mill and brew if they still were around . Aside from a problem with the plastic cap breaking after about three years it worked perfectly and made excellent coffee . A search through the available grind and brew models today offers very little . The Cuisinart is a very disappointing product if you know what can be produced for half the price . Not all of us have counter space to allow this model to have a clear shot from above and you need it to look over the top to see how much water to pour in for your pot of coffee . They could have built in a viewable reservoir from the front to make it easier . After every brew you have to clean the grinding chamber -LRB- two parts -RRB- , the brewing chamber -LRB- three parts -RRB- and the carafe two parts . The carafe is designed to keep the coffee hot but the cost is that the flow from the carafe is painfully slow . It 's over engineered and ergonomically unfriendly . Even the grinder has no control over the fineness of the grind . It grinds for 10 seconds no matter what you put in it ! It 's no wonder the coffee sucks . The best thing they can do is redesign the thing completely using the simplicity that Melitta employed years before . Hey Cuisinart ! are you listening ? The coffee is n't so good considering that it 's made from freshly ground coffee beans . This product is not good enough ! Let me know when you get it right ! I may just get my money back .
 The grinder gets plug every time you brew coffee . If you keep the coffee maker plug all the time the grinder starts working on its own and in order to turn it off , you have to unplug it.The steam created when brewing , get 's into the circuits.I wo n't be buying any coffee maker from this brand in the future .
 First off , the grinding part is worthless since moisture accumulates inside the grinder and you have to clean out the grinder after practially every use . If you already have a grinder and think this would be a nice convenience , ask yourself how often you have to wash out your grinder . With this Grind and Brew you 'll have to wash the carafe , grinder , filter , everything every time you use it.After only a few months the machine started having major issues . Coffee would overflow and spew hot coffee and coffee grinds all over the place . Somthing must be clogged , but having cleaned the machine several times , we 're ready to give up.Two big thumbs down .
 I 've read the other reviews , and I beg to differ . Rinsing will not clean the accumulated coffee from the bean reservoir or the chute . You must clean with either a sponge , paper towel , or your finger to scrape the residue . And , if you use an oily coffee like Starbucks , the buildup is just awful . It takes literally 5-7 minutes to clean the parts -LRB- properly -RRB- on this coffeemaker . The machine does produce good coffee . The upside is I 'm drinking less coffee now because you do n't dare have a second pot in the morning , unless you 're on vacation and not in a hurry . The Capresso Coffee Team is a much better unit at only $ 50 more .
 Yes , I too thought that this would be a great coffee maker . As others have stated , this machine is nothing but work . The machine is hard to clean , with steam entering the grinder on every brew makes for a true mess . Additionally , if you would like a `` hot '' cup of coffee , you must pre-heat the thermal carafe with hot water before using , which makes using the programable option difficult . I really wanted to like this machine based on how nice it looks in my kitchen , however , I am returning it tomorrow .
 I have had this machine for over a year now , and I still hate it . It 's simply a very poor design for several reasons
 I have never written a product review but felt compelled to write one after just pitching Grind and Brew into the garbage after 11/2 miserable years of use.I 've had more overflows due to the coffee grind basket popping out during the brewing cycle or the lid on the coffee maker not allowing the brewed coffee to drain into the carafe . I 've had coffee all over my counter and seeping down the counter behind the refrigerator . In short , I 've had to babysit this coffee maker constantly and when I do n't watch it brewing , I regret it with a mess on my hands.The grinder was so loud -LRB- by the way it broke completely about 6 months ago forcing me to buy and use a separate grinder -RRB- that I would actually cover up the coffee maker with towels to dampen the noise so not to wake up the kids.It is a pain to clean with many parts to wash up after use.Also , I found I needed to heat the carafe with hot water in order to get hot coffee otherwise the coffee was warm but not hot.Lastly , the royal sin - it makes some of the worst coffee I 've ever tasted.I 'm going out to buy a new coffeemaker and I 'm looking forward to using tomorrow morning.You can do better to find another coffee maker .
 I bought this coffeemaker because of the name and the way it looks , but after having had to live with it for a few months I am ready to toss it . The built-in grinder howls like a banshee waking up the entire house and you have to painstakingly clean it every morning or it will clog . The coffee is just OK . The one thing I really do like about the machine is the thermos carafe , it keeps the coffee hot for hours and does n't burn it .
 This makes the absolute worst coffee I have ever had . Even filling the grinder to the maximum and putting in only a half carafe of water , the coffee comes out a pale brown with only a vague bitter flavor . No flavor of coffee at all . This is with the same French Roast beans we always use.I am absolutely stunned at how bad it is . We are definitely going back to our old coffee machine and giving this away .
 This is a beautiful machine -- will probably be better on a movie set rather than in your kitchen . This is a great company that makes a great food processor , but the coffee from this machine taste bad there 's no other way to say that ... lukewarm at its hottest and very metallic ! Machine is very difficult to clean , and there are a lot of parts to clean . After one week with this machine we returned it , and went back to using our mostly plastic -LSB- money maount -RSB- Braun drip machine .
 I bought this coffee maker for my husband for Christmas . It makes great coffee but the carafe leaks when pouring . I badly scalded my hand and will not let guest pour their own coffee in fear that they will also get hurt . They need to come up with a fix for this problem as I see alot of complaints from other consumers regarding the leaking . It does make excellent coffee .
 Bad , bad , bad . Company not helpful at all . Condensation in grinder causes beans to not filter through to basket . More than half the time coffee beans are overground since they stick in the grinder and turn to powder . They must be scraped out . It 's a mess and a real disappointment . On the other hand , if you grind the beans separately and add them -LRB- a hassle that should not have to happen -RRB- , the coffeemaker does have the ability to brew very good tasting coffee .
 This was a Christmas present from my wife and I still do n't have the heart to tell her it 's the worst gift she 's ever given me.I do n't mind the weak , cold coffee it produces . I do n't so much mind the 10 items I have to remember to set it up at night , or the time-consuming cleanup of all those pieces in the morning . -LRB- Anybody who says it 's a snap to clean up has too much time on their hands , or works for Cuisinart . -RRB- I do n't mind that the water level is hard to see when you fill the reservoir , or that you have to turn the carafe almost upside down to pour the coffee.What really bugs me about this machine is the basket that pops out about once a week as it 's making the coffee in the morning , flooding the counter with water -LRB- if I 'm lucky -RRB- or coffee and coffee grinds -LRB- if I 'm not -RRB- . Massive grumbling , bad words , poor start to the day . Not to mention the safety hazard of an electrical appliance sitting in a puddle of liquid.This thing is an engineering disaster -- needlessly complex , non-user-friendly , and prone to accidents . I still love my wife , but I do n't love this coffee maker . Do n't , do n't buy it .
 This model was a Christmas gift . I do n't use it very often because it is so unpredictable and makes such a mess . Coffee does n't flow into the pot , rather on the counter and on the floor ! The first pot I made soaked the instruction book and the warranty card . I dried the book and read it carefully to see what I did wrong . There were two possibilities - too fine of coffee and placement of the filter basket . Even following the instruction book -LRB- which you should n't have to do for a coffee maker ! -RRB- its performance is erratic . Sometimes a great cup of coffee , other times coffee soaked up in the towels I wrap around and under it never knowing when it 's going to leak . Here 's the worst part - I went online to Cuisinart , explained the problem and asked for their advice . They never even responded . That says a LOT too . Do yourself a favor and pick another model .
 My Cuisinart coffee pot was purchased less than a year ago and we find that we already have to replace it . Some of the problems we have had include : - Leaking water-Vibration of coffee grinding causes brew door to fly open -LRB- no audible tone sounds a `` warning '' as it does for just about everything else -RRB- , so instead of coming down to freshly ground and brewed coffee in the morning you come down to hot water all over the counter and no coffee-Slide on brew door does not work often and there is quite a bit of trouble involved with opening the door to cleanAdditionally , for some reason there are 5 people in my immediate family that have these coffee pots and every single one of us experiences this problems . One sister went so far as to ship hers back to Cuisinart for repair but she still has all the same problems with it.My advice ; Do not buy this coffee pot !
 Sounds great . Grinds , brews , and keeps the coffee warm.The grinder sounds like an air-raid siren -LRB- at 5 am -RRB- and does n't grind the coffee well enough to get a good cup of coffee -LRB- I spend too much on beans to drink Sanka -RRB- . Okay , fine . I used my old grinder and put grounds in the basket . The basket pops open and gets grounds and coffee everywhere . This thing has `` blown-up '' so many times I just ca n't count any more . But , the thermal carafe works , -LRB- it 's the only thing that does -RRB- it keeps the coffee hot.Finally though , I 'm tired of this crap and I will return the coffee maker ...
 I bought this Cuisinart Thermal Grind & Brew to replace my previous non-Thermal model , also a Cuisinart Grind & Brew . Having had my first G&B ; for four years and really liked it , I expected the Thermal model to be a great step-up . I also thought the extra $ 50 for the Thermal in stainless was a good deal . The machine makes a great-tasting cup of coffee - no question about it . It is also a nice looking piece of equipment.However , it has one major and highly disappointing flaw . The coffee is simply brewed at too cool a temperature . Immediately after brewing , the coffee is hardly hot . ` Very warm ' is probably the best way to describe it . And keep in mind that as this is machine uses a thermal carafe , there is no ` hot plate ' to further heat the coffee after it is first brewed . The carafe is all that maintains the temperature of the coffee , and it does an excellent job in that regard . But as the coffee is only ` very warm ' in the first place , it 's moot . ` Very warm ' in to the carafe , ` very warm ' out.The machine does feature a ' 1-4 Cup ' button that supposedly heats the water to a higher temperature before brewing . I 've taken to using this all the time , regardless of the brew size . It seems to make no difference to the temperature whatsoever.As I mentioned at the start of this review , the machine brews a great tasting cup of coffee . However , the fact that I have to microwave each mug I pour for a full 60 seconds kind of knocks the enjoyment out of it . I expected more from Cuisinart .
 I have the DGB-600BC model . I received it as a Christmas gift a year ago and have exchanged it 4 times . I loved it up until it quit working . It would only brew 1 to 2 cups at a time . Well we drink a lot of coffee in this house and I can not devote and hour a day to making coffee and cleaning a machine . Every one of these we have owned has had the same problem . I am purchasing the Cuisinart coffee maker without the grind and brew feature . It works a lot better .
 We finally decided to go out and spend a few extra bucks for a decent coffee maker and came across this one which had the grinder built in -LRB- which seemed like a good idea -RRB- . At first glance the unit looks sharp -LRB- hence the 1 star -RRB- and we were looking forward to using our new toy . Here is what we found after our first week of use :1 -RRB- Grinder sounds like a contractor in your kitchen sawing your kitchen table in half ... yes . . its that loud ! 2 -RRB- Ok . . so why do we buy coffee makers ? For good coffee right ? Well this brewed `` coffee flavored '' water . It was nasty and we even threw in an extra helping of beans than the recommended amount ... WEAK !!! 3 -RRB- Now what ? Yup . . you have to break down the whole thing and clean it out ... including the nasty slick sludge that accumulates in the grinding station . What a pain !!! Bottom line , we boxed it up and got a full refund for this joke of a coffee maker ... DO N'T EVEN THINK ABOUT WASTING YOUR MONEY ON THIS !!!
 This looked like a sleek , upscale machine when I bought it . The brushed chrome look , the thermal carafe , and the built-in grinder all were qualities that I was looking for . Unfortunately , now it looks horrible as a broken , dented mess after I threw it across my garage in an act of final frustration after a year 's use.Did Cuisinart ever test this item in their own kitchens ? I doubt it . The carafe DOES NOT POUR WITHOUT SPILLING ! I 've tried everything
 The manufacturer made a terrible mistake putting the grinder right inside of the machine . This grinder , because of the steam , gets coated after one use and needs to be cleaned and fully dried if you do n't want clogging to be a problem . Ok , I admit after all the work getting the maching together , the coffee comes out great , but with working and the kids , I dont have the time that this machine requires , to spend on cleaning , drying and setting and it up . Oh , and God forbid you drop a few beans inside while setting it up !!! With the time it takes to do a sufficiant job , I could be at Starbucks and back .
 While I like the fresh bean ground and into the coffee maker , there is a lot to clean , and the carafe leaks making a mess . I was very disappointed in the carafe as it leaks and does not keep the coffee warm . Customer service is very rude as well . They can not replace any defective parts for a while since the coffe maker is new and they do n't have them -LRB- after waiting on hold for 45 min -RRB- and she made me feel dumb even for calling .
 Got this for Christmas . Followed directions , poured water in and it all ran right out the bottom all over . I reread the manual sure that I had missed something - but no . Called customer service , they told me it was defective and to return to where I bought it .
 I was hesitant about buying this model because of some of the negative reviews I read , but this was the only grind and brew I found with a thermal carafe . Turns out I should have gone with the Melitta grind and brew even though it did n't have a thermal carafe . Being a big fan of strong coffee , I was extremely disappointed by the dirty water this thing produced . I have to fill the entire grinder with beans and only 7 cups of water in order to get the right strength . Cleaning it is a full-time job . There are so many different pieces which have to be washed every time you use it . The grinder gets so much condensation in it when you 're brewing a pot of coffee that you ca n't just rinse it in order to get all the sticky grinds out . On the plus side , however , the carafe is great . It keeps the coffee hot for hours and does n't drip at all . And I 'm a sucker for a pretty kitchen appliance and it really does look sharp in the kitchen . But if you like Starbucks strength coffee and you do n't like to spend at least 15 minutes a day cleaning all the little pieces of your coffee-maker I do n't recommend this model .
 I wish I had . . Listened , that is . Now I 've got to get this big box to a post office , because it 's going right back.I did n't want to believe all of the complaints here . I thought I 'd deal with the tough clean up and just enjoy such a great looking piece of machinery . Well , there 's no doubt about it . Cuisinart has truly goofed with this machine that simply does n't do what it 's buyers bought it for . Make good coffee.First of all , the directions seem to have been written by someone who was in a rush . They 're vague , at best . I made myself slow down , re-read , focus . Still a blur . Still , that 's not a reason to return a coffee maker.The grinder wakes the dead . That does n't bother me , -LRB- Well , I did n't think it would , but the truth of the matter is , as loud as you think it 's gon na be , it 's WORSE -RRB- but not a reason for me to return the coffee maker . I should get up earlier anyway.Cleaning this is like a logic problem from the LSAT exam . Just as all of the reviews said , but I guess I did n't believe it would be so bad , because afterall , it IS Cuisinart . It is that bad . Grinds get in every possible crevice that has to be removed , piece after piece after piece . I 'm too much of a slob to look after so many pieces and clean them all with Q-Tip precision . As much as I tried to get some of the wet , stuck to every corner gunk out , -LRB- Including with a toothpick after all else failed -RRB- it would n't budge . Still , I would n't return the coffee maker for this.Now here 's why I 'm returning it
 Yes it looks good . We bought one for our conference room in our office , thinking that clients would appreciate the nice-looking coffee machine.Unfortunately , the machine is very poorly designed . After setting it up , we poured coffee into the grinder , and it ground away . And away . And away . You see , it does n't stop automatically , or ever , apparently . So , we turned off the machine . Then you turn it BACK ON to actually make the coffee.The manual states that if you want ` hot coffee ' you should run hot water into the carafe for a while before you make coffee . This is idiotic ... every time you make coffee you have to make two trips to the water supply , then turn the machine on and off TWICE.To make matters worse , the insides of the machine get splattered with coffee grounds . This was after TWO USES . And , water condenses inside the coffee bean holder , which means the grinder is grinding wet beans , unless of course you clean and dry the insides between every pot of coffee.Roasting my own beans and grinding them with a hand-operated mill and then making coffee in a French Press is easier.Did I mention that the coffee did n't taste good ? And I used just-roasted Peet 's House Blend so it was n't the fault of the beans.Get something else . I suspect the positive reviews are written by Cuisinart employees .
 - The coffee grinder sounds like a siren going off , if you use the grinder option -LRB- which you wo n't , as I 'll explain in a minute -RRB- . - You ca n't fit enough beans in the grinder to make more than 6 cups of reasonably strong coffee , which ends up only being 2 good sized mugs . - When you grind , the coffee gets thrown all over the inside of the grinder and the tube leading to the filter , which then becomes saturated as the steam from the water condenses everywhere . - As a result of the above , you literally have to clean out the entire inside of the grinding tube . - So if you grind , you end up washing the grinder cover , the tube to the filter , the filter cover , the filter itself -LRB- if you use the gold filter -RRB- , the filter holder itself , and of course the carafe itself . You will get tired of this in a big , big hurry . Hence , you wo n't use the grinder . - So you end up not grinding ... but you still have a pretty mediocre coffee maker . You can put a bit more ground coffee into the filter -LRB- my guess is you 'll end up using paper filters -RRB- , but if you try to make a full pot of strong coffee it 'll clog and run all over the counter and the inside where the carafe sits . And it 's a pain in the neck to try to clean inside there . This coffee maker clogs and overflows more than any I 've ever used.Truly , this is just a disaster of a coffee maker . Many , many other choices for less money that work far better .
 My husband and I recently bought -LRB- and returned -RRB- the white version of this coffeemaker.The other reviewers have already summed up the problems , but here are my additional comments :1 . Extremely loud grinder -LRB- like an air raid alarm -RRB- . Your neighbors down the street will know when your Cuisinart comes on each time you brew . Some reviewers have stated that it is no louder than any other grinder . I strongly disagree with that statement .2 . Weak coffee . Even when using the 1-4 cup button and brewing excellent , 100 % Kona coffee -LRB- delicious under most conditions -RRB- . The idea of just using more coffee -LRB- than you would need to use with a different coffeemaker -RRB- is ridiculous when you 're paying this much for the machine , not to mention the coffee .3 . Tiresome clean-up . Every part does seem to need cleaning after each pot ... and , yes , this is true of many other coffeemakers . The difference is in how much of an annoyance clean-up gets to be when you have wet grounds not only in the filter but also in the grinder , on the lid to grinder , the shoot coming from the grinder , etc. . Wet vs. dry clean-up . Let 's be honest . Dry clean-up -LRB- separate grinder -RRB- is a piece of cake .
 Avoid this coffee maker ! Integrating the grinder into the coffee maker is a great idea , but Cuisinart did a very bad job of implementing the design . Between each brewing each component has to be completely clean ... and dried . We 're talking about 5 parts -LRB- not including the thermal carafe and lid -RRB- . Because steam is not allowed to escaped during the brewing process , the grinding components and compartments become clogged with damp coffee grounds ... this makes for a hugh mess . Good strong coffee can only be achieved by adding less water ... the ` bean ' compartment is very small and you can not grind multiple amounts if you want a strong brew . If you brew one pot a week , this may be for you , but for those of us who brew multiple pots aday ... stay away . I 'm already look for my next machine .
 I read meany reviews before purchasing this particular machine and felt that any negative comment was subjective . I do agree the thermal pot Does Not keep coffee hot as advertised . I wanted the thermal pot to avoid the taste of `` cooked coffee '' if I lingered over a pot rather than consume immediately and was totally disappointed . By the time i went back for my second cup 20-30 mins later it had cooled to barely tepid.I tried several times - used hot water over cold , not good.Boiled water to heat carafe prior to brewing , so inconvenient.Finally I decided to just return it and continue shopping for a machine that gets better reviews.I will say my service through Amazon was excellent though . Both in quick delivery of product and in the return service .
 I received this machine as a gift , so I 'm elated that I did n't have to pay for it . The things that I hate about this machine are pretty much what everyone else here is saying , like epic cleaning procedure , the nasty condensation issue and jarringly loud grinder that could embarrass a 747 . Mine has also overflowed -LRB- four times -RRB- for no reason . Sure , it 's nice to look at with all that stainless steel , but there are so many stupid design elements on this thing that could have been avoided had the designer been forced to use it for a year before releasing it to the public .1 . Lesser Cuisinart models have an outside gauge to show the water level . With this model , one must use a flashlight to see inside the incredibly dark reservoir .2 . Pouring in whole beans is a delicate maneuver . If you 're not careful , you will drop whole beans inside the water reservoir and in the black hole surrounding the grinder mechanism . Good luck fishing them out - if you can spot them in the darkness . A split cover -LRB- one for the water , one for the coffee grinds -RRB- would have made more sense here and possibly avoided the condensation issue .3 . This machine will not operate unless all the stupid grinder parts are in place . It would be nice if you could take out the gummy grinder , pulverize it with a hammer , run the pieces over with your car , burn them , and then use the machine with pre-ground beans .4 . Even after holding the grinder under scalding hot water , you 'll still need to wipe out the gummy mess with multiple paper towels . The condensation makes putting on a second pot a real hassle . Not good for entertaining .5 . I really wish coffee makers would be honest about cup size already . 10 `` cups '' only amount to about four 12 ounce cups , because the cup size is only 5 ounces . Who the hell drinks 5 ounce cups of coffee ? No one .6 . When I recently bought whole beans by mistake , I was forced to use the grinder . I 'm sure I gave my two cats a heart attack when I turned the stupid thing on right after feeding them .7 . I have managed to alleviate the grinder basket popping open by ditching the black cover .8 . Recently , it has developed a strange leak where I have a small puddle of coffee UNDER the machine after brewing . I think the stainless steel carafe itself might be leaking . This machine will be the death of my butcherblock counter top.I think this model should be recalled and destroyed . Really . Launch them all into the sun so that they can never return.If you want to impress someone you secretly hate with an expensive looking gift , give them this thing.UPDATE
 You want to spend HOURS disassembling and cleaning this machine ! BUY IT!Want simplicity , and frustration free coffee making ??? But a separate bean grinder , and a PLUNGER -LRB- French Press -RRB- . The coffee will be better , more enjoyable , and all you do is wash out the plunger.This Cuisinart machine ~ i would n't even give to a charity shop - SAlvation Army !!!!! It is in the garbage bin !
 The mess ! The mess ! The clean-up is TERRIBLE and steals all the joy from your cups of coffee.Prepare for 10 + minutes of clean-up EVERY time you brew
 According to the manual , the insulated thermal carafe is supposed to keep the coffee pipping hot for hours . NOT TRUE . The machine turns off , and the plate only supports the carafe , it does n't heat it . The coffee is only hot enough for the first cup , and after that I have to tell my guests to place their coffee in the microwave . Disappointing . Well , if there 's no heat source , how is it going to keep it hot ? A metal carafe it 's not like the old style glass lined thermal bottles -LRB- those worked ! -RRB- . If the objetive is to avoid burnt coffee , the manufacturer could perhaps have taken advantage of the programming function , and allow the user to select how long the plate should be on . After all , what 's technology for ?
 We stopped using the grinder a long time ago since it really does n't grind the coffee fine enough and often leaves very large chunks of coffee bean , and yes , it 's really noisy.The big problem is that it unpredictably `` blows up '' - the door with the coffee basket flies open and hot water , coffee grounds and coffee go all over the counter and the floor . We 're sure it 's possessed by an evil spirit ! If you want to make coffee , you 're got to stand with it and babysit this machine every time unless you want a big mess!I 'm surprised this machine is still on the market AND I 'm surprised that Cuisinart designed such a bad coffee maker and has n't fixed it ! -LRB- It would be great if Cuisinart could take these back and replace them with coffee makers that really do work well -RRB- What 's great about it ? Insulated thermal carafe .
 After using this coffee maker for just one week , I give up.Making coffee a consistant strenght is impossible . One day it is too strong the next it is too weak.The machine itself is a pain to use.You have to dissasemble it after every use to clean it -LRB- too many pieces ! -RRB- and be sure all parts are dry before you make another pot.I 'm going back to my old $ 20 Braun and separate grinder .
 This appliance needs a complete redesign . Many places on it are actually impossible to clean - they are inaccessible to toothbrushes , Q-tips , etc. and much of the exposed area is very difficult to reach to wipe off . Coffee grounds get down in the water reservoir and are very difficult to remove . I recommend using a separate coffee grinder until a new , cleanable model comes out .
 Makes great tasting coffe but the grinder sounds like a jet plane . Ca n't make coffee if anyone is sleeping ... pretty inconvenient .
 Have had the coffee pot for over one year and it continues to frustrate me . The carafe leaks when you pour coffee , so you end up with coffee all over the counter . In addition , it overflows while brewing about 25 % of the time , so you really have to watch it . Started brewing coffee with the lid off the carafe to reduce spills while brewing . In summary , it 's not worth the effort to fool with it any longer . Nice looking piece of junk !
 I bought this machine less than a year ago and did not like it from the start . The grinder is so messy and poorly designed . The moisture from the brewing process collects in the grinder and makes a mess that has to be cleaned every night before putting more beans in for the next day 's brewing . The carafe is also designed poorly , and pours out very slow and drips everywhere . I 'm constantly cleaning this machine.To make matters worse , it has completely stopped working -LRB- the water does not heat up -RRB- and now I have to pay to ship it to be fixed , when all I want is my money back.Choose another machine to purchase .
 This coffee pot is nice looking , but is not functional . The coffee does not stay hot as described . The heat plate turns off , right after the coffee is brewed . Also , the coffee pot leaks .
 If you 're looking for an excellent cup of coffee as soon as you wake up with minimal hassle , look elsewhere.The grind is quite coarse and has no coarseness adjustment . Add the fact that it uses a basket filter instead of a cone type and you end up with a cup of coffee that is frankly not very good when compared to my 10-year old Braun cone type maker.Also , look for a grinder/brewer designed so that steam does not rise up into the grinder assembly . It 's a pain to clean and if you do n't do it right away , the muck dries in the grinder and makes it even harder to clean.The only feature that I really like is the thermal carafe . It keeps the coffee hot for a long time without burning it .
 I have had nothing but trouble with this coffee maker . I put up with it for a year before finally giving up . The first problem I had with it was that all the water would n't run through the machine . I would have to turn it back on over and over again to get all the water through . Finally I discovered that if I hit the 1-4 cup button -LRB- even when I was brewing 10 cups -RRB- I could trick the machine into letting all the water go through . The next problem was that on occasion the basket would just pop out sometimes from the force of the ground coffee being shot through the grinder into the basket and sometimes it would just pop out randomly for no apparent reason . Grounds and coffee would leak all over the place . I could never tell when this would happen so I got into the habit of staying in the kitchen to babysit the machine every day as I was brewing coffee so that I could push the basket back in place if it popped out . This meant giving up the use of the timer rather than risk waking up to a big mess . When it got to the point that the basket popped out every single day and I had to hold the basket in place the whole time it was brewing , I gave up . I loved the idea of having a grinder and brewer together which is probably why I put up with this machine as long as I did . But having the grinder in the machine is messier to clean up because the moisture from brewing the coffee gets up in the grinder making it sludgy . I 've come to the conclusion that it 's easier to clean up a separate grinder and coffee maker . The carafe is nice and keeps the coffee warm for hours , but not hot . If you like your coffee very hot , you probably would be disappointed with the carafe .
 I have had two of these coffee makers over the last three years . It was the most expensive coffee maker I have ever purchased , but I was very happy with the looks and the coffe it made . Unfortunately , after about 11/2 years it started to leak , especially when it was set up on a timer over night . Since it was under warranty , Cuisinart sent a replacement . Now two years later I have the same problem and it is getting worse . I have since found complaints of the same issue on other customer reviews . Cuisinart will not replace it again and there is no repair center to send it to . I am happy with its function but its reliability is poor . To compare , I had a medium priced Krups coffeemaker that I sent in for repair and had it returned within a week for just a $ 25 fee .
 I purchased this coffee maker in preparation for a kitchen renovation . I had never owned an automatic coffee maker before and I always ground my own beans , so this seemed like a good choice . Truly , it was a mistake . First of all , the coffee was never hot enough when it was brewed . As a result , I had to boil water first so that it would be hot enough when brewed . Simply heating the inside of the carafe with hot water was not enough . Even then , the coffee was never really very hot . When the paper filter in the filter chamber was the tiniest bit askew , the coffee would flood out onto the counter . To solve this , I used a gold filter with a paper filter inside . The coffee was OK , but each day I had to wash the carafe and lid , the filter holder , the filter holder lid , the gold filter insert , and both parts of where the beans are placed to be ground . With my renovation beginning , and the only place to wash things being the bathroom sink or the basement laundry room sink , I gave up on this and bought a Keurig that has nothing to wash and for which I have read almost uniformly good reviews . We 'll see how that goes , but this one is going down to the basement until I figure out what to do with it .
 I ca n't stress enough that you need to avoid this product . It starts out great , but does n't seem to be very durable.Our first one broke within a year - it had a manufacturing issue that meant it poured coffee all over your countertop , instead of into the carafe . Our friends had the same problem with theirs . Cuisinart replaced it , but NOT for free.The replacement worked fine , until about a year after we got it . Then , the grinder dropped dead . I 've cleaned it , lubricated it , you name it - but the grinder just wo n't grind any more . A quick google search for this model and `` wo n't grind '' brings up plenty of results .
 Like others below , I was totally frustrated by trying to pour the last 1-3 cups of coffee . The lid always leaked , no matter what I tried . Also , just opening the top up was a two handed job , as was removing the plastic top where you put in the beans - everything seemed to stick and be hard to work . I called Cuisinart - they offered to take back the machine in trade on another Cuisinart product - they did not tell me there is a newly designed carafe or offer to send any replacement parts . My old $ 20 grinder and $ 20 coffeemaker are far less trouble and do just as well in the coffemaking department .
 Clean looks is all you get with this waist of money . Plan on spending a lot of time cleaning this puppy -- after every brew - -LRB- because of the condensation build up in the grinder -RRB- Also plan on cleaning up after every pour -LRB- because of the poor lip design on the pot -RRB- Speaking of cleaning up -- be careful what you use on the front for cleaning . -LRB- 4 weeks and the lettering for all the controls has vanished -RRB- -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Man ... what a piece of junk ! Cheaply made plastic , leaky and unreliable mechanism ... I will think three times before I buy another cuisinart item . Cuisinart food processor is great , thought this would be the same , not the case.Save yourself the trouble and buy a grinder separately from the brewer , or at least do n't buy this particular grind and brew .
 Yup , they are getting this one back . Everything works fine , except it brews the worst cups of coffee I 've ever tasted . I can not get anything but a bitter cup . Tried different combinations like the fineness of the grind to using a supplied coffee filter , and everything in between . Burned up 5 lbs of coffee trying different combinations . NO LUCKThe grinder is way too small for even 9 cups of coffee , unless you like yours to look like Tea . Cleanup is a pain in the A. . . Our former -LRB- 12yr old but now dead -RRB- Krupps , brewed the best coffee . Even when we had guests over for dinner , everyone would always comment on how good the coffee was.We ended up getting out the old dusty $ 12.99 Mr. Coffee , coffee maker , and at least enjoyed fairly good cup of coffee.So , Purpose totally defeated . Maybe the company should stick to food processors.Thats my opinion and I 'm sticking to it .
 We were so excited to find that Cusinart had a thermal coffee maker that also integrated the grinding of the beans . We got it for Xmas 2002 and have been disappointed ever since . The coffee does not stay warm ... we eventually bought a separate carafe to pour our coffee into . . it is only the first cup that is somewhat warm . Once you pour yourself a cup of coffee the pot leaks all over the place . We are constantly wiping up coffee from our counter . Plus it is extremely dirty and hard to clean . In the first few months we used it , the filter portion of the machine had gotten so dirty that pushing the eject button did not work . We would have to force the filter open each day.We just purchased the Miletta Mill & Brew unit for a mere $ 50.00 and we are beyond satisfied . I can not believe we wasted $ 150.00 on this coffee maker ! Beware to all that think about this purchase ... I would not give this machine to my worst enemy !
 This is the second piece of junk I have bought from Cuisinart !! They are over priced pieces of junk !! This coffee maker was a gift from my son only one year ago . It is already disfuntional !! It started when the grinder would go off randomly by itself , any time of day . Then the `` grind off '' button would not even work !! The other product I purchased from Cuisinart was a toaster . The knob broke off only have a year also . The biggest down fall , customer service at Cuisinart . Do n't think you 'll be able to email or call and they will roll out the red carpet , they do n't ... you 'll be lucky if they even respond !! Stop buying their products !!! Cuisinart does not back them !!!
 I loved my grind and brew until quit working . It worked flawlessly for almost 9 months , then it would only brew 2 cups of coffee at a time , and finally none.I replaced it with a $ 10 coffee maker from Wal-Mart . It does n't grind the beans but it makes coffee just as well was my dead $ 130 Cuisinart .
 This is by far the worst coffee pot I ever purchased . The pot brews more coffee onto my counter then ever has made it into the pot . I purchased this pot in late November 2008 and I just purchased a different brand of coffee pot as I could n't take it any more . I did everything the instructions said and more . I cleaned the pot daily and let it air dry . I made sure the lid was on correctly . There is nothing you can do to make this work correctly.When you call customer service all they do is tell you to pay to ship the pot back to them and they will send you the same pot . They also told me you can only use certain kinds of coffee beans or it will overflow . I asked them to tell me where that was in the instruction manual and they could n't . I told them I went to Amazon and read the reviews and they have and overwhelming amount that says there is a problem with this pot . They said the only thing they will do is send me another `` defective '' Pot . I asked why I should pay money to ship back a defective product so I could receive ANOTHER defective product . Does n't make sense to me.PLEASE SAVE YOUR MONEY AND BUY SOMETHING ELSE . YOU WILL BE VERY GLAD YOU DID .
 I purchased my Grind & Brew 3.5 years ago . About six months ago I started using it daily instead of just on weekends . What a disappointment . Its basket door randomly pops open during brewing -LRB- yet when I try to spring it open between uses , it sticks -RRB- and it leaks from the bottom , issues that should n't be occurring in a 3-yr-old coffeemaker , let alone a premium-brand coffeemaker . I 'll admit , I was attracted by its looks . But if this thing were a human being , it would be a supermodel -- all beauty , negligible substance . WhatEVER . I 'm buying a new coffeemaker , this week . Avoiding the Cuisinart name . Going back to my good buddy , Braun .
 Cheap and complicated plastic used inside a 100 plus maker . Coffee overflowed 3 times in a span of one month . Turned out a check valve in the carafe lid sticks , causing the coffee to overflow . Lid design is such that impossible to clean the valve area . Forcefully removed the valve cover and removed the valve . The valve cover , required to open the valve in the ground coffee basket above , is now reattached with duct tape . Looks like hell . And of course the coffee cools down faster . Stopped using the grinder because it takes at least 1/2 hour to clean the grinder area , even using a tooth brush . Water level is very difficullt to see . By far the worst appliance I ever purchased . Will not purchase another Cuisinart product .
 I concur with the others who said that ... too much hassel to clean , the steam up in the grinder cup , the coffee grounds in every nook and cranny , take it apart , clean it , put it back together , enjoy coffee , take it apart , clean it , put it back together , blah , blah , blah . My wife hates it . If you are looking for ease , look elsewhere . If you are looking for an above average cup o ' joe , look here . But make sure you know that you 're buying a high maintenence machine .
 I received this coffee maker for my birthday . I was so excited . Until I started using it . I am a vet student so I drink a lot of coffee and was looking forward to having fresh ground coffee every morning and evening -LRB- got ta study ! -RRB- . Well , everytime I turn the machine on to make a pot , the grinder basket is drenched in steam which creates a kind of coffee grind paste . Then when ever I try to pour fluid out of the carafe , water/coffee spills all over the place -LRB- regardless of whether the top is on or not -RRB- . I will give kudos to the cuisineart folks for customer service . I was so frustrated w / the carafe spillage that I wrote them a letter and they promptly sent me a new carafe free of charge . It worked great for a week until it started to spill everything again . Next add the fact that there are 6 parts that you have to remove after every use to clean/rinse out and you get a coffee maker that just ends up being a pain in the tush ! I gave this machine two stars ; 1 star for the fact that the carafe is great at keeping the coffee hot , and 1 star for the fact that it does make a good cup of coffee . I would not recommend this machine except to someone w / a lot of time available for cleaning up after themselves . I am currently desperately searching for a new machine as I am ready to throw this one out of the window !
 This is one of the worst designed products I have ever owned . In theory , it is great to have a grider and coffee maker all in one product . However in practice , the design makes it a pain to make coffee . Each time , you need to clean the filter and the lid on top of the filter , the two pieces that make up the grinder as well as the coffee pot . You also need to dry the two pieces that make up the grinder . Otherwise , the coffee grounds get stuck in the grinder and the channel that leads to the filter , eventually blocking the entire channel . I am about to go back to my good old coffee grinder and my old coffee machine .
 failed ; as with so many such products , the benefits are illusory ; it did not appear at all effective for its purpose
 The pot was to heavy and I like the glass better . I passed it on too my grandson and he loves it .
 I bought this on Amazon in August 2008 . It just failed completely , with the electronics working in random sequence - on , off , program , grinder , off , grinder , off , etc. etc. . Now I can not brew coffee because I can not shut off the grinder , and the brewer will not start until the grinder shuts off . I thought the grinder would be a nice feature , but the grind is very course , and the noise will wake you from sleep ... . a gimmick.In my opinion , a product costing this amount of money , should last longer than 18 months or so . And , oh yes , the cover on the carafe leaks - permanently - unfix-able - count on it .
 I have owned this unit a little over a year and man what a disappointment . I chose this unit because my previous much older Cuisanart coffee maker was well made and made great coffee . I decided to upgrade to a model with the grind and brew option and a thermal caraffe . This thing is cheap - not made to the previous standards of Cuisanart . My issues :1 -RRB- From the get go I had an issue with the `` 4 cup '' button . If I did NOT press the 4 cup button I got 4 cups of coffee . If I DID press the button I got a full pot . OK . Mind of its own . I decided to live with it vs. repackaging and returning .2 -RRB- Pouring water into the machine - I do n't think I have ever done it without spilling at least a cup of water . I do n't consider myself uncoordinated . Maybe there is a trick that I have not learned . Oh and pouring the coffee out of the caraffe - I must have missed that class too because I have to do it over the sink because it leaks every time .3 -RRB- Grind and brew - sorry - makes a mess . half ground beans get stuck and soaked in the container . And I am sorry I like strong coffee and I fill the beans to the line and that is good for only 6 cups for me . Probably because so much of the coffee gets wasted remaining in the container never making it to the basket . So then you need to disect the machine and clean out this mess every time you use the grind and brew . OK so maybe it only takes 5 minutes . But to me it 's 5 minutes which are not worth the reward of 6 cups of coffee and a bunch of wasted beans . So I stopped using the grind and brew .4 -RRB- A few months of use - severe leakage . The coffee leaks out of somewhere in the back and runs down the back of my countertop . OK so now I need to remove everything from the counters and give it a good cleaning every week .5 -RRB- About 9 months into using it - the machine just kinda stopped working . Well it works - kinda . When I start it - it brews a cup or 2 . So I have to start it again - I get a few more drops or maybe a few more cups . I have had to restart this thing up to 8 times just to brew 1 pot of coffee . So way to much time and work to get 1 pot of coffee and it 's time to buy a replacement.So - some others have had positive experiences . I can only say that for the price I paid this was a major disappointment . I have had $ 20 Mr. Coffee makers last me for 5 times longer than this thing did . Yeah for the short period of time this thing worked correctly the coffee was good . But too much work and too much mess . It is a shame how everything is made so cheaply these days .
 I do n't have time to read all of the comments , but I did make it through three pages of one-star reviews . I have experienced everything others have
 My husband spent a lot of money for Christmas to buy me this . A week after I got it the basket kept popping out during the grind cycle and spilling coffee all over the counter . I called and they said they 'd send a new one and to ship the old one back . I got the new one and it worked fine for awhile . I do n't like how messy and wet the grinder gets . It 's a mess and hard to clean . A year later I decided I was tired of cleaning the grinder and switched to a regular grinder . I had n't used the grinder in the machine for a few months and one day I put the beans in the grinder did n't work ! What the heck ! Now the basket is popping out on this one . This is the most expensive piece of garbage I 've ever owned . I hate it and the only reason I still have it is because I have n't had the heart to buy a 20 dollar machine because this trash was a gift from my wonderful husband .
 I have a similar machine , Cuisinart DGB-600BCC . The good
 Loved this coffee maker at first . Then the grinder mechanism became stuck and had to be pried out with a ` L' shaped tool after every use . Was always a pain to clean but made good coffee . then after 2 years the on and off switch would only work intermittently , I disassembled everything cleaned the contacts etc. started working again . 2 months later it did it again , cleaned it again but it would only work when it wanted to . After 3 years I put it in the recycle bin and bought a Mr Coffee maker and a grinder ! Did save the carafe . This was not a $ 20 coffee maker ! I can not recommend it ! Very disappointing !
 But alas I could not . I mean , it 's the total package right ? Thermal carafe so your coffee does n't reduce to sludge , fresh ground beans that you can program thus keeping you from operating a coffee grinder while one-eyed @ 5am . It should be the world 's bestest coffee maker but in the end it 's a hassle to use , will make a glorious mess a few times a year and worst of all fails in it 's essential mission
 Received this coffeemaker as a wedding gift . Decent but not great grinder -LSB- very loud ; incomplete grind -RSB- . Hard to clean as condensation collects into grinder . After a couple of years , some of the buttons and lights stop working -LSB- ca n't change time , grinder off , etc -RSB- . Carafe leaks when pouring . Now , 3.5 years old , it will spontaneously start grinding - at random times . The water reservoir lid will be open , no water in the machine - but it will start grinding . I can now only use to make a quick brew , then unplug to prevent random grinding attack -LSB- sounds like an air raid siren -RSB- . I have really soured on Cuisinart products . Beware
 NoisyLid is almost impossible to take off without rubber lid removerCannot see how much coffee is in potNOT very hotHard to cleanMessy when making coffeeI had better results with my 10 $ walmart coffee pot . . paid over 100 at macy 's for this one.I would think twice about spending that kind of money on this coffee maker . . it really is n't worth the money !
 The grinder/maker works but it did n't live up to my expectations . If your 're lazy and love great coffee , this is not the machine for you . First of all there are two design flaws . A -RRB- it is too tall , it will not fit under most 18 inch cabinets ; B -RRB- you can not brew two consecutive pots as the grinder is housed with a unsecure lid within the percolator . This causes the grinder to accumulate all the steam from brewing , thus leaving the grinder completely saturated . Anyone who grinds thier own coffee , knows a wet grinder is not a good thing . As a result of this , you have two extra parts to clean in addition to the standard coffee basket and pot . Lastly , the grinder is wickedly loud .
 A lot of moisture gets in the grinder , requiring that it be cleaned after each use . I finally stopped using it and bought a separate grinder . Also , when pouring for a long time , such as in a travel thermos , the coffee will drip around the pour spout and land on your table . I wish I never purchased this machine . I suppose the coffee stays hot for a respectable duration , but that does n't outweigh the other problems . The only thing it really does well is look good .
 - It is programmable , but since you have to warm up the carafe with hot water each morning , that 's useless . - If you do n't warm up the thermal carafe , you get lukewarm coffee -LRB- remember there 's no heating pad in the machine -RRB- . - It brews good coffee , if you put in pre-ground coffee , but I did n't buy it for that . - The grinder is poor . Clogs up and even if it 's full of beans for just 8 cups of coffee , the coffee is weak . - A lot of cleaning required if you use the grinder.I bought in haste trusting the brand and now I 'll go back to the simpler cheaper model .
 This coffeemaker does not keep coffee hot and fresh for hours as the user booklet says , even if you first fill the carafe with hot water and let it set before brewing . If you want a cup 45 minutes after brewing , it is luke-cold ! I was emptying the carafe right after brewing into another thermal carafe that actually keeps coffee hot just to avoid reheating cup after cup in the microwave ! It is hard to clean and very loud !
 My wife , who does n't drink coffee , got me this coffee maker a couple of years ago . Since she spent a lot of money on it and would be offended if I did n't use it , I 'm stuck with it . Anyone who 's been married for a while can identify with this problem . I keep hoping it will break so I have an excuse to get a new one . So far , no luck.Pros
 When our DGB-300 died , I went off to the local retailer and purchased the DGB-600 . I was initially excited about the purchase until the next day when I tasted the coffee . I usually running out the door and bring my coffee with me in the car . When I took my first sip about a minute after I pulled out of the driveway , I noticed the coffee was `` Luke Warm '' , then when I talked to my wife she said the same thing , that the coffee was not very warm . Thinking that it could be that we used water from the fridge , we tried to program the maker and let the water sit in the maker over night . Again , `` Luke Warm '' coffee . So , I packed up the maker and took it back . I then went to another store to seek out another brand , and was happy to see that they were still selling the DGB-300 -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/Cuisinart-DGB-300BK-Automatic-10-Cup-Coffeemaker/dp/B00000JGRS/ref=pd_sim_k_2 -RRB- , so I bought that one for a third the price of the DGB-600 . This is my third DGB-300 , the last one lasted 7 years , and I love it . I do n't know what Cuisinart is doing , but their old product is much better than the new product . My only guess is that someone sued them after being burnt .
 We paid well over the $ 100 price tag on this item and loved it just like the many people who give it 5-stars after owning for one week.Problem is , it died after exactly one year - conveniently beyond the manufacturer warranty . Now we have to spend $ again to find it 's replacement.What a disappointment . I wo n't be purchasing Cuisinart again - I 'm going back to Krups !
 In my quest for the perfect cup of coffee , I am very disappointed with this unit . First , the coffee is warm , not hot . The thermal carafe is a joke . Coffee needs to be warmed in the microwave for 30 seconds . Second , the filter basket is so small , that if you like robust coffee , you can only make 4-5 cups at a time . No way can you brew 10 cups unless you like weak coffee . My $ 15 Toast Master makes better coffee . I 'm returning the unit .
 This coffee maker should be taken off the market and redesigned . There are so many marts that it is very easy to make a mistake , forget one part and make a huge mess , with coffee spilling down the counter and onto the floor . For example , if you clean the filter basket and put it back in place , you better remember to place the paper filter in place because if you forget the mess is guaranteed . Also , make sure the filter basket is tightly secured and latched , because if it is not , again coffee grinds and liquid is giong to go all over the place and make a huge mess.The noise from the grinder is ridiculous . The caraf must be closed with the top secured in only one position , because if the beak is not perfectly perpendicular coffee spills all over.It is a VERY poorly designed machine
 If I were you , I would not consider buying this coffee maker . I have owned this maker for about a year and have finally replaced.Pros : - Decent cup of coffee - Thermal carafe is durableCons : - Almost 100 % plastic , very cheap quality - Leaks like crazyImagine waking up at 5AM , setting up everything to make a pot , hitting the start button and you come back 5 minutes later to find coffee everywhere . Ground and Brewed coffee all over the counter , floor , and cabinents . -LRB- This has happened about 6 times for no apparent reason -RRB- - Grinder produces too much heat , wastes too much coffee
 I was thrilled with our Cuisinart DGB-600BC stainless steel , thermal grind and brew when we took it out of the box on June 18th of this year . The coffee tasted great , loved using my own beans , and as many have said , the thermal carafe is slow pouring , but no more over-cooked coffee . Yaaay ! I can even live with the jet-engine take off when grinding.But now , here I sit , with a lesser cup , made in our old , steady GE coffee burner retrieved from our give-away heap , and two coffee machines on the counter , and it is September 25 -- a mere 3 months since starting to use the Cuisinart . It simply wo n't brew and shuts off before I even check to see if there is coffee ready . We have n't ground any in months , due to the time required to make sure the bean hopper is nice and dry -LRB- it wo n't brew without it installed , and then gets steamy creating ground mush that wo n't flow to the basket . -RRB- So even functioning as a regular pre-ground machine , it has problems . We have removed the water filter , detailed the interior like a used Porsche , run CLR through it -- no coffee . Apparently , the problem is more serious and beyond our capabilities to fix it . It was a gift , so no return option , even if Cuisinart had a reputation for good service , which they do n't . So , in the end , if you are looking for an over-priced , disposable coffee maker -- this is it . If you expect performance over a few years , as we do -- buy something else .
 Purchased this machine thinking it would be great as are all my other Cuisinart machines . NOT !!! A mess to clean up after EVERY use , grounds back up into grinder , coffee does not stay hot , and Cuisinart offers to send you a new one , -LRB- not the one without the grinder , which is great and cheaper -RRB- and expects you to pay $ 10 . shipping and handling both ways . Nice huh ? They did tell me how to soak the parts in detergent each time I use it to keep the coffee oils from jamming the grinder in its place and to use a Q-tip to clean around the stem . PLEASE ! Cuisinart is clearly aware of the problems of this machine but they keep on selling them . Does not mean you have to fall for it though . I 'll not use the grinder again . Amazon should consider removing it from their list as well .
 I had such high hopes when we bought this coffee maker . I love the smell of freshly ground coffee that goes straight from the grinder to the coffee maker and then in my cup . But little did I know that it would take what seems like an eternity to get this little beauty prepared each morning to actually brew a cup of coffee . Just when you think you have all of the little parts cleaned and ready to go ... you find more left over coffee grind mess strewn throughout the machine itself . Nor did I figure that the grinding area itself would have this oily leftover mush in it each and every time you use it.It is awful . Little did we also know that when you hit the little harmless looking button that says `` grind , '' that we would be running for cover from what sounds like an incoming missile that I am convinced still that my neighbors -LRB- one acre over -RRB- can hear every morning ! I usually press it and run!But hey ... I guess some like to be woke up every morning by such a horrendous sound coming from the kitchen .
 I purchased this pot to replace a Melitta Grind and Brew with Thermal Carafe that is no longer manufactured . It is difficult to use - hard to clean , has a tendancy for the coffee grounds to overflow and clog the carafe opening causing coffee to spill all over the counter , etc. . Recently the mill stopped grinding altogether and I thought I 'd keep it anyway and just grind the beans separately but after the third overflow in two weeks we are chucking this baby out !
 We got this item and now it leaks water all over the place , it brews half pot , and the clock/timer has gone out . I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS ITEM . In addition the Company does not stand by their product , their customer care rep. was rude and did not care or gave to much interest . He said he ca n't do anything for us on this . So if you do decide to go this product anyway , be ready in a little while to replace this Item , Model DGB-600BC . Thanks All , I just do n't want this same thing to happen to people who buy this item after all it 's not cheap either , THIS IS NOT WORTH THE MONEY AT ALL . Very unhappy .
 It 's hard to imagine that any serious company could design something with as many flaws as this coffeemaker . I wonder if Cuisinart did any real world testing of this Rube Goldberg contraption before putting it on the market . The most frustrating of the many problems with this machine is the method of measuring how much water to use . You peer down a dark channel at small grey steps that rise up from the bottom and are marked with the cup quantities . As you pour in the water , it is nearly impossible to tell precisely whether it aligns with the desired step/indicator . Every time I make coffee I wish I had a flashlight with me to use this water measuring system . Also , the steps correspond only with even numbered cup quantities . If you make an odd number of cups you are left to guess where the in-between level is . I do n't know why Cuisinart could n't have used clear plastic to design a water measuring system that could be viewed conveniently from outside the machine.Other problems that have been mentioned in other reviews are almost all valid , in particular the inconvenient need to clean so many parts after each use . As others have also mentioned , I 've stopped using the built-in grind feature because of how condensation accumulates there , causing coffee dust to coagulate in a hard-to-clean mess.It 's true that Cuisnart has a reputation for making quality kitchen appliances and thus I was excited to receive this coffeemaker as a gift for the holidays . This item , however , makes me suspect of their other products except for food processors and closely related items .
 I 'm very disappointed in this coffee maker . It loves to overflow if you make a full pot of coffee -- what a mess ! I tried contacting Cuisinart about this issue , but no one will get back with me .
 I received this as a wedding gift , even though I register for a different coffeemaker -LRB- re-gift ? -RRB- . Anyways , that was 4 years ago , and I make coffee -LRB- usually for 1 -RRB- almost every day.The coffee is usually luke-warm . Maybe if I made a full pot it would n't be , but seeing as 99 % of the time that is not what I 'm doing , that is a moot point . You really do have to tip it up high and it pours slow ... but also at that angle it can start coming out the very top of the lid -LRB- how it got in -RRB- and making a mess all over the counter . I used to have it set to grind before each brew , but gave that up as it always seemed very coarse and thus the coffee was relatively weak . I 'd put the same amount of pre-ground store-bought coffee in there and it was noticably stronger . So I never use the grinder anymore.So ya , it seems to keep the coffee -LRB- luke -RRB- warm for a while due to the thermal carafe , but there are so many other coffeemakers out there that do this , and do n't have all the negative issues this one does , why get this one ?
 I give this machine 2 stars b/c I do n't use the grind function , which quite honestly is why I paid over $ 100 for a coffee machine . The grind function only holds enough for maybe ... 5 or 6 cups of coffee MAX , and even then , it grinds it so fine that 20 % of it sticks to the sides and the rest is for brewing , which makes WEAK COFFEE -LRB- not to mention the noise wakes up the neighborhood , it 's a little intense -RRB- . However , I 'm salvaging it - I grind my beans in a separate grinder , and I can turn off the grind function , and brew it this way , and it tastes GREAT . The thermal carafe is good b/c it does stay hot , but pours so slowly you always think you 're out of coffee - pretty weird.In sum , if you like strong coffee , get a Cuisinart without the brewing function and save some money .
 If you want something that looks good in your kitchen , then buy it . I owned it for about a year and a half , it 's in a closet and I got my old cofee maker from 13 years ago and I am so happy . The grinder was the first thing to go and then the entire coffee maker just quit working . For what I paid , I expected much more .
 An all in one idea sounds perfect but fails horribly.Here 's all the things that are n't good first :1 . Many parts to clean every time one brews2 . Condensation in the grinder causes coffee grind caking3 . ` Finished brewing ' five beeps goes off and there 's still 1/4 of the water left in the \ machineIf any of these things go wrong , it leads to big messes and weak coffee.Way too many things have lead to mornings ruined . After one spends 5 minutes and 10 gallons of water rinsing all the parts , you have to take this top mechanism piece of cheap plastic off the basket , rinse that , dump the basket , rinse that , check that no grounds are at the bottom of the basket holder , take off the carrafe 's lid , check that no rogue grounds are stopping the shut off valve from letting the coffee run . If you 're tired and forget to empty the basket after being distracted from all the other steps , it over flows . WHen the water collects in the system from not completing brews , you make a pot of coffee and it overflow . Grounds stop the basket hole , it overflows , the shut off valve 's stuck with grounds , it over flows . Think it 's working well ? Check behind your counter , there 's probably gallons of brewed coffee that has escaped and you do n't know it!ONE FUNNY AND GOOD POINT ! When it works , it makes a delicious cup of coffee !
 Was a huge pain to have to clean it every day , every part , and it ended up breaking after a year . For the cost , it is better to have something else .
 This item is overpriced for the quality , I had problems with overflow and leaking long before a product of this price should have , do not waste you money .
 After 6 months of use it broke . Cuisinart support was zero help . All they can do is send out a replacement part . If the broken piece is not one of their 6 parts , too bad . I 'm going back to Mr. Coffee . My last coffee pot lasted 12 years .
 ... and it started doing weird things like pulsing the coffee grinder at random times.A fairly expensive appliance should last more than 3 months .
 I bought this on november 29th 0f 2009 . I had set the timer to have coffee ready in the morning several times and it had always worked out great.Once I had n't set the pot in all the way and it made a huge mess , this happened again about mid 2011 and I figured I had done the same thing.I stopped using the timer feature at this time.I then started noticing constant puddles around the base and figured it was just sweating.I have put off investigating the puddles until now 10/21/12 . What I have found is that the heating element , which is aluminum , has a hole coroded in it.I have always filtered the water that I use with a Brita tap filter.so even though it still makes hot coffee , I never get a full pot , I always get a mess , and I can never use the timer.So for a little under two years of intermitent use and getting good coffee during that time to a mess making machine , Its not worth the dough.The quality of materials used is crap , I would not recomend risking causing damage to anything the water could run into/onto , who knows when the element will fail .
 Recently received the Cuisinart DGH-600BC as a gift . No amount of chrome is worth the drawbacks and hassels this machine has to offer as others have noted . It just tries too hard to do to many things and does each half way . A great coffee maker is more than a means to make a great cup of coffee . A great coffee bean , a hand grinder and a coffee press can do that . A great coffee maker includes the before and after coffee drinking experience.For those that like strong coffee you will be disappointed . A full grind is more appropriate for 6 cups . We must do two pots for the family where one from the Bunn we 've had for 22 years does the job . Additionally the grind is almost too fine for flavoured coffee . Coffee ends up really muddy . Much of the dust that clogs up the lines and filter are a result of the grind as well.Cleaning is alot of effort compared to other full service machines . Especially if you make coffee 3 or 4 times a day . Some of the reviews mention 5 to 6 minutes not being a big deal . I disagree spending 5 minutes working on coffee machine cleanup each and every time I use my maker is n't a great use of time . I imagine if we were going to continue using the machine we would start letting cleanup slide.Loud beyond belief , I have a relative who has extremely poor hearing and even she has commented on the `` tone '' the machine makes . Having compared it side by side to the two grinders existing in the house there definately is a significant difference in both noise level and cleanup effort . My office coffee maker a Hamilton Beach is less than 1 year old , produces a better grind and is far easier to clean up.The carafe is ok but do n't use the pause and pour feature if you want consistent brew strength or taste when making less than a full pot . Not a great pour experience , dribbles out in an attempt to preserve coffee temperature . If you like an xlarge cup you will end up taking the lid off to get the job done . Not having a hot plate for me is n't huge because I prefer to make smaller fresh pots more frequently but I do like being able to switch to tea every once in a while and now it is n't so easy to keep my tea warm . Using a metal carafe just does n't taste the same.If the grinder was larger , if you could manually dump the coffee into the filter avoiding gumming up the grinder , if the maker reserved some of the water to rince the grinder cleanly at the end of the cycle , if the carafe functioned better , and if there was a hot plate , well ...
 We had this coffee maker for under two months when it started to malfunction . After searching online I found that there is a known problem with only a partial pot brewing . Pushing the `` 1-4 Cups '' button results in an entire pot brewing.A $ 100 coffee maker that does n't function properly after two months was disappointing . What was horrendously frustrating was the customer service Cuisinart provided . They charged me shipping for the replacement and to send back the defective unit . A few months into owning the new unit and the same problem is starting to crop up.Today I checked the status of my mail-in rebate and it was rejected . Straw , meet my broken back . I will never purchase another Cuisinart product even if they come out with a coffee maker that performs sexual favors .
 After pining over this machine for more than a year , my new husband and I were lucky enough to get one as a wedding present ... or so we thought . After THREE trials yesterday and another blatant failure this morning I began to wonder if we had gotten a lemon . Certainly this beauty could n't be capable of such `` uninspired '' joe . I decided to turn to the ever-faithful Amazon.com Review site to prove me wrong . After reading posts from several others in agreement , I have to admit I remain disappointed and deflated . I have resigned myself to the fact that our lone machine is not the lemon - this entire line of coffee makers is to blame . Here are my complaints : POOR COFFEE STRENGTH
 I most always check the reviews on items before I make a purchase . However , my coffee pot went out and I was near panic so I rushed off to the department store . I have dealt with this machine for a couple of weeks now . It is most horrible in every way that other reviewers have mentioned . I can even handle the jumbo jet like noize it makes it 's the mess that I ca n't deal with anymore . It 's a big hassle and several paper towels just to make a pot of coffee ; not to mention the condition of my counter top when we start pouring . I just hate it and it 's going back to the store.PS one of these reviews made me laugh so hard I got tears ; maybe it was worth it for a good laugh !!
 We bought this coffee maker with high hopes , now dashed . We chose it because it was rated `` best '' by Hammacher Schlemmer . It is terrible for the following reasons : You can only make weak coffee unless go put in the full amount of beans and 1/2 the amount of the water.The coffee grinder sounds like a boeing engine test -- a high loud engine whine , which is alarming to say the least.The steam for the water part of the coffee maker goes into the grinding part , making a sticky mess and getting the grinding section wet . How will this last?The whole thing needs to be disassembled and cleaned and dried every time.The thermos is the only good part .
 I have now owned this coffee maker for at least 4 years . Here are the pros and cons from an avid coffee drinkerPRO : Thermal Carafe is great ! Keep coffee hot at least 1/2 the day , does n't waste energy , easy to clean.NEG : LOUD !!! It sounds like an airplane taking off . We had to quit using the grinder because it woke the entire house up.When using the grinder it is a HUGE mess . Let me say that again ... HUGE HUGE HUGE MESS . The steam from the water rises into the area and it has to be cleaned every single pot . It 's extremely time consuming to clean and difficult.The grinder gets clogged oftenWhen not using the grinder the whole machine is still time consuming and difficult to clean . Do n't go in thinking you are just making a pot of coffee ... . you have to clean the machine first then brew your coffee and then clean again . Not worth the time or the energy.My advice ... pay the extra money and get something better ! This will be a waste of your money in the end . My husband and I fight over who makes the coffee every morning or every evening .
 Our smoke detector went off at 1:30 am . We went to see why and our COFFEEMAKER was ON FIRE . I can not believe that this could happen . The back of the coffeemaker is melted and our countertops are ruined I believe it was an electrical fire . DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT !!!!! IF YOU HAVE ONE , do NOT KEEP IT PLUGGED IN OVERNIGHT !!!
 I gave this two stars rather than just one since I used it for over 3 years until finally retiring it this Christmas . Prior to this model , I had another Cusinart grind and brew and was hopeful that Cusinart had addressed the issues with the previous model with this one . The most maddening problem with the previous model was it 's tendency to overflow and have coffee run down your counters and into your drawers and cabinets . After a year with this model , I was happy to see that no coffee had yet left the brewer except when I poured a cup -LRB- boy , was that about to end ! -RRB- . My main reasons for buying this machine in the first place was its ability to grind the beans in the machine and the thermal carafe . I 'm the only coffee drinker in the house and I like to spread two or three cups over a morning . With a standard coffee maker your coffee is cooked after an hour , especially with a flavored blend . The Thermal Carafe was perfect for spreading out the coffee over the morning and having it taste great.You need to place this coffee maker next to a sink . It needs a thorough cleaning after at least every other brew cycle . The steam from the brewing comes up into the grinding chamber and turns whatever coffee is left in the chamber into a paste . I found I could get away with a second grind cycle without cleaning , but after that it 's impossible to grind any beans without cleaning and drying the grinder assembly . It 's best to clean the grinder after it cools down and let it dry overnight before the next pot . I think I did that about 3 times over 3 years.You also need to dump the machine upside down to remove any beans that may have fallen out of the grinding chamber when filling . If left in the little nooks and crannies of the machine , thanks to the steam , they tend to mold very quickly.Yes , the machine does sound like a F-16 getting ready for takeoff every time it grinds . Yes , it will wake up your entire household . When getting up early and wanting a cup of coffee I found myself taking the machine out into the garage for the grind cycle , or even just heading to the corner store for a cup of coffee rather than waking everybody.After about a year I started to notice coffee grinds in the coffee . Then a few weeks later it let loose and brewed the entire pot onto the counter and into the kitchen drawers . After cleaning up the mess the best I could figure was that the gold filter basket was getting clogged and would n't drain fast enough , so the coffee went up over the top and then the grounds clogged the bottom drain , forcing the coffee out the top of the brew basket . After replacing the gold basket , everything seemed ok for the next year until the entire brew basket assembly would pop out on its own , usually in the middle of brewing . This of course sent the entire pot of coffee back over the counters and into the drawers again.My solution was to keep the coffee maker at the edge of the sink during the brewing process , so any overflows or popping brew basket assemblies would just send the coffee down the drain and not throughout the kitchen.It does make a nice tasting cup of coffee , but I attribute that to the fact that in order for the machine to operate at all , you need to keep it squeaky clean.This turned into a `` man versus machine '' battle over the past year . I was determined to get this thing to work and produce a pot of coffee where it belonged . I finally gave up this Christmas when my family bought me a Keurig K-Cup machine . No fuss , no muss , no moldy coffee beans , no paste in the grinder , no coffee in the silverware drawer . Thanks everybody !
 Cuisinart needs to evaluate their customer service process . The resulting coffee tastes bitter . Not full-bodied like a cup of coffee should be . The taste is almost sour , bad , weak coffee . -LRB- bad for parties -RRB- A lot of beans remain in the grinder . I called Cuisinart Customer Service only to be told that `` bad coffee taste '' is not covered under the warranty and they refused to even REPLACE it . They offered cleaning tips , which I tried , and did n't work . -LRB- A vinegar bath for the parts , a baking soda bath for the carafe . -RRB- I 've tried different beans , -LRB- from Peets to Millstone -RRB- filtered water , RO water , paper filters -LRB- both bleached and non-bleached -RRB- , I replaced the gold filter . Cuisinart will not take the coffee maker back because they say there is nothing wrong with it . In my opinion , if a coffee maker makes a crappy cup of coffee , and I as a consumer have tried everything to fix it , then there is something wrong with the machine . Cuisinart told me if I sent the Grind and Brew back to Cuisinart and there was nothing wrong with it , Cuisinart would just ship it back to me . Cuisinart Customer Service was very condescending . I 've been drinking and making coffee for years , I splurged on this machine and I am disappointed . I now use a Bodum French Press with plain old tap water . It works great . Shame on you Cuisinart .
 I 've been using this product for almost a year now . I 'm not very happy with it for the following reasons :1 . Coffee is not hot enough , so I always have to warm up the pot with hot water which defeats the purpose of having it automatically make coffee .2 . Grinder plastic parts are cracking3 . Potential for huge mess
 We purchased this coffee maker less than a year ago . It has failed . The digital clock fogged up and the buttons stopped working . Despite occasional huge messes and excessive daily maintenance , it did make great coffee , just consider it diposable .
 We 've had this coffee maker for about two years . Typically it makes great coffee but about once a week we end up with brewed coffee all over the counter top ! I 've read the problem is caused if you do n't snap the brewing basket in just the right way . But it 's not easy to determine when it 's snapped in just right . One more mess and it 's in the trash and I 'm back to a simple old fashioned perculator !
 I am very dissatisfied with this coffee maker . It makes lousy coffee . To get the strength typical in other coffee makers , substantially more coffee is required . The grinder does n't grind enough , so I am now grinding my own beans and putting them in the coffee maker . There are many parts that need to be taken out and cleaned after each use , which makes the whole process tedious and time-consuming . Because of the way various parts pop up and swing out , I 'm waiting for something to break . The thermo caraffe needs to be heated with hot water , so using the timer for morning coffee produces less than desirable temperature retention . I would not recommend this product unless you like weak coffee and have lots of time to spend setting everything up . This is a real disappointment from Cuisinart .
 If you like `` real '' coffee and not `` tea '' then pass this up.I fill the container with as much beans as possible and the coffee always comes out very WEAK . I have to add instant coffee to make it stronger . I have tried everything to remedy this problem to no avail.I can not wait until this machine breaks so I can justify buying the Malitta grinder coffee maker again , which makes a much better cup of coffee . I had one years ago and used the heck out of it.Also , the Cuisinart states that it `` easy '' to clean ... Wrong ! It is a pain.On the plus side ; My husband likes this machine as he enjoys `` tea '' .
 I make good strong coffee that I drink black . I have always ground my own beans . This coffeemaker makes the styrofoam cup at the gas stations look good . VERY BITTER . Extremely disappointed . This product is going back to the store today . Not worth even one star .
 Do not buy this product . I bought one and it stopped grinding after about 2 months . Got a second one -- same thing happened -- 2 months of service and it stopped grinding.Even while it BRIEFLY worked it was mediocre . The container to hold beans was not large enough to hold beans for 12 cups of anything but very weak coffee . It is also VERY messy.I have since bought a Krups maker and a DeLonghi burr grinder . This is a much better combination .
 The grinder does not do a complete job . The steam from the coffeemaker comes up into the grinder , making a nasty mess each time you use it . The spring loaded basket unlatches on its own and allows coffee to dump everywhere.One of the worst appliances I 've ever had . Back to my old Krups .
 The engineers that designed this one obviously drink tea !! The grinder is worthless and wastes lots of coffee . Then it gets all of condensation heat so you have a gooey mess.The worst part is the all plastic door . It seems that when it gets hot the latch loosens up , door pops open and water goes everywhere . This problem happens at least 10 % of time.Do not waste money on this junk !
 This thing is a nightmare . I 've had it for two years but did n't use it till a year ago when my 10 year old faithful Bunn finally died . First off , it 's grinder is so loud you would n't need an alarm clock to wake you in the morning . It does n't grind all the beans so your final cup of coffee is a bit weak . If you do n't scrub and check the basket every time you use it , it clogs up and leaks all over the counter . The door for the basket pops open for no reason at all and it leaks . When you pour water in the tank , it leaks . The carafe is not made for pouring and it leaks . Get the picture ? It leaks from all over the place . It is programmed to stay on for 2 hours but turns itself off whenever it feels like it . Sometimes it does n't even turn on or you go to get a cup of coffee and its turned off half way thru the process . It 's going in the garbage .
 I have to say Cuisinart really lost a customer with me.Got the coffee pot as a gift but the grinder smelled like it was burning up.I called Cuisinart and they took make and model , and said they would send me a new one.Wow I thought.Well 4 wks go by and another customer says the claim wasnt processed right but she was sorry and a coffee pot is on the way.Waited another 4 weeks and now a new customer service agent says the order still wasnt processed right but in 5-10 business days I will receive a coffee pot.Well 2 wks go by and I call again and now they tell me that I must return the coffee pot to get a new one.Well sorry bur I threw it away about 7 weeks ago since I thought it was a fire hazard.I asked to see a supervisor in Tampa Fla and got an arrogant supervisor named Luke who informed me not only was I screwed but that I cant talk to anyone over him because he is the big cheese so to speak.I called the East Windsor office and I am waiting to hear if anyone really cares.I will update when I get an answer from them
 My wife and I recently registered for and received the Cuisinart Grind and Brew Thermal 10-Cup Automatic Coffeemaker -LRB- Model DGB-600 -RRB- . Having not much idea about what products to register for based on what we needed , this coffeemaker was my one proud contribution to the list . After years of unsatisfactory coffee from our $ 10.99 Mr. Coffee coffeemaker , I was excited to have a coffeepot that would grind fresh coffee right before brewing a hot cup for me in the morning . However , I must tell you that I am very dissatisfied with this coffeepot . My main complaint is the temperature of the coffee . The coffeepot brews lukewarm -LRB- at best -RRB- coffee . Plus , it is nearly impossible to pour the coffee out of the pot and pain to clean.For weeks now I have been microwaving my coffee after brewing it . However , even the most basic Mr. Coffee coffeepots for less than 10 dollars can brew hotter coffee . Certainly , I would expect a $ 200 machine to have the capacity to perform this most basic -LRB- and necessary -RRB- requirement for a good cup of coffee . Not to mention the other important requirement of actually being able to pour the coffee out of the carafe.I wrote to Cuisinart and requested a refund or an upgrade and received no response . It is unfortunate , but I have written off Cuisinart for life based off of this one terrible product.Seriously ... do not buy this coffeepot .
 We purchased this coffeemaker for both appearance , and believing that Cuisinart produced quality products . While we do believe this to be true in general , this coffee maker apparently snuck in the back door . Or maybe it was designed on a Friday?First of all , they actually expect you to fill the carafe with hot water to warm it before you brew the coffee . Why you may ask ? Well , this is due to the fact that the warmer shuts off right after brewing . Yes it 's a nice carafe , and well insulated . In fact , it 's the best part of the coffee maker . It is not however enough to keep the coffee warm for `` hours '' as claimed on the package.The other Cuisinart coffee makers use a proper cone filter design as does Braun , Krupps , or any higher end coffee maker for that matter . This one uses a flat `` Mr Coffee '' style filter basket . The result is either much weaker coffee , or that you have to use a much larger amount of coffee to get the same strength as we did with our old Krupps unit.I 'll not even get into what a pain it is to clean the seven or so parts necessary to ready for the next brew , or the spring loaded filter hatch that threatens to snap with every opening . Oops , guess I just did.The first maker I 've had in years that was not a Braun or Krupps , goes back in the box today , and hopefully will be replaced by a nice new Krupps unit .
 My sister passed on this coffee maker as she never used it . My husband loves the grind capability , but I HATE the mess . 2 out of 3 times it overflows all over my counter , down the sides , onto the floor ... inevitably when we are entertaining . I have tried scrupulously measuring the grounds , but it still overflows . The pot is undrinkable because it is full of grounds . It works fine if you are making less than 8 cups , I suppose , but I need to be able to serve coffee to guests without embarrassing clean-ups/grounds/delays . I HATE this machine .
 I 've never had to clean a coffee maker so much . My previous grinder/brew machine was from Melitta , which never required this much cleaning . The Cuisinart leaves a mud puddle in the grinder area after every use , creating sludge that is hard to clean off . The mud puddles under the grinder basket , up inside of it and it is difficult to clean and dry this area . The water chamber is awkward and there are just too many parts . Yes , once cleaned it works nicely , but it is a royal pain in the behind . I think I might just go back to a Melitta .
 I just finished carrying my 3rd one of these out to the trash . Why did I buy 3 ? Well , my girlfriend liked the style , and kept buying one after another telling me that we were just unlucky with the previous one.This is a very poorly engineered product that lasts 6-8 months before failing . I 've had the grinder on the first one stop working . So I used pre-ground coffee in it until it started overflowing at the filter . It seems like it will eventually start sending more water into the filter reservoir than can flow out the bottom causing the overflow on the sides . This is a gradual problem , and has nothing to do with clogging or how well it is cleaned . You know this is starting to happen when you see more and more grinds winding up in your coffee as the water floods the reservoir and flows over the filter and out the bottom . Eventually , it will flow over the top , down the side of the carafe and all over the counter . Not a great thing to happen when all you want is a cup of coffee as you 're running out to work dressed in a suit and tie.All three of my makers were thrown out because of this . In a final attempt to salvage this this thing , I removed the plunger on the bottom of the maker . While it allowed the water to flow out faster , it was too fast to properly brew , and the third Cuisinart was tossed into the trash with a solemn swear never to buy another Cuisinart pos again.Another problem is the carafe itself dribbles onto the counter when poured . It happens every time , and is just a design flaw.We 're getting a regular grinder , and a Bodum coffee press -LRB- our favorite restaurant serves coffee in the Bodum , and it is elegant and fail-proof -RRB- . PS . I would skeptically read the good reviews here . One reviewer said that he has used this for 5 years without a problem . This is ridiculous . Either it was a different -LRB- and better made -RRB- model , or he has stock in Cuisinart .
 I was really looking forward to not having to grind a bunch of beans and store them for use in my current Cusinart paper filter coffeemaker . Now , I have to get beans out twice a day -LRB- I drink coffee in the morning and at night -RRB- and have to clean the top grinder unit and clean out the filter unit before each use . This coffeemaker is very irritating . The carafe hold 50 oz . of coffee which is n't that much if you use a typical 8 oz . coffee cup . The carafe needs to be tilted at a much steeper angle , which in itself is n't a problem . But , it is almost impossible to get all of the coffee out of the carafe . So I really do n't even get the full 50 oz . I am almost ready to change to become a tea drinker ! If this unit cost maybe $ 40 the irritations would be acceptable , but for $ 120 - $ 130 I consider it a rip off . I would like to see Cusinart recall this coffeemaker and refund everyones money ! I 'm going back to my paper filer , ground coffee only , coffeemaker .
 The grinder is so loud that it wakes up the entire house . I grind beans in a separate grinder . My neighbor also does not use the grinder on theirs anymore , as well . Also , if I make a full pot of coffee , it is too weak to drink . Basket should be bigger to hold more grounds .
 We bought this coffeemaker with a gift card we received as a wedding present . We thought that with the price and the Cuisinart name it would have to be good . Boy , were we ever wrong!The first thing that broke was a small rubber plug in the top of the grinding chamber . That lasted all of two months . A minor inconvenience , to be sure , and one easily fixed with a little swatch of duct tape , but for the money we paid a touch more quality should be expected.Next , after about 6 months the chamber that held the water started refusing to empty completely . Running cleaning solution through the coffeemaker helped initially , but after a week or so , the problem would recur . We use filtered , softened water , so it should n't have been due to any deposits.Finally , after a year of daily use and weekly cleanings , the machine just stopped working . Emails to Cuisinart Customer Service went unanswered and I went in search of another grind and brew coffeemaker . I found that Mr. Coffee had come out with a grind and brew model and it has proved to be everything this piece of overpriced junk was n't -- cheaper by half , easy to clean , easy to use , and reliable.Avoid this Cuisinart . Spend half the money on a Mr. Coffee and you wo n't be sorry !
 Easy to use , a pain in the neck to clean , but I was willing to forgive when I smelled the coffee in the morning . However , after about 3 months , the basket catch mechanism stopped working and I was waking to a huge mess of water , coffee , and grinds all over my counter , cabinets and floor . Ugh ! I contacted Cuisinart , they advised me to pack up my machine and send it to them with 10 $ , and they would fix or replace my machine . They sent me a brand new one ! I was so excited ! For about 3 months ! Then the nightmare continued with the basket mechanism.Alas , I have dug out my old reliable Mr. Coffee and am grinding my own beans while I save up $ 200 for the Capresso ...
 I can not believe that anyone would give this machine a less than awesome review . It makes a superior cup of coffee to say the least , and I am a bit of a coffee snob as well . My fiance is addicted to Dunkin Donuts coffee and he would never drink coffee at home until we bought this machine ... now , he not only drinks coffee at home , but he also makes it himself because it 's such a cinch to use . Yes , it is true that there are some parts to clean - you have to remove the filter and run it under water and I also clean out the grinder part every time , all in all though , it takes less than a minute to clean and is well worth the effort . In fact , I 'm buying another one today as a gift!Update 5/08 - we are still using the coffee maker and have encountered one problem that I believe other reviewers have complained about . The grinder basket gets stuck and you have to pull that out to be able to properly clean it . I emailed customer service and about a month -LRB- yes , a month ! -RRB- later they emailed me back and asked for a serial number . In the meantime we had already figured out the best way to handle the problem . We put vaseline on it and it has been sliding in and out of its spot without problem for the past couple of months . I find that cleaning the grinding mechanism and drying it -LRB- very important -RRB- really keeps the machine running well.So , I would still highly recommend this product , if you are willing to put in the time to properly clean it after each use -LRB- which takes less than a minute with some hot water and a paper towel -RRB- . Although clearly customer service is n't all that great , so be prepared to address any problems on your own or with the store you purchased it from.UPDATE 12/09 . Ah , my bad . Now I agree with many of the other reviewers , this thing is not built to last . Eventually the grinder basket wo n't come out at all and you just end up with crusted coffee grounds all over . Everyone I know who bought this machine -LRB- sorry for the bad recommendation friends and family ! -RRB- has experienced frustration after a couple of years . And customer service - does n't exist . It 's gone . Never again.If you are looking for a recommendation for a grind and brew , my sister has the Capresso machine and is a big fan .
 This machine makes a great cup of coffee - if you are willing to work hard to maintain the grinder , which crusts over with coffee dust after every use.It gets to the point now where we wo n't make coffee , because of the clean-up afterwards.And one more thing - the grinder sounds like a jet taking off . We cover the machine with a towel every night , so that it wo n't wake the kids .
 I 've had this machine for over a year . Great tasting coffee but a pain to maintain . It 's extremely slow in making the coffee , taking sometimes over an hour to make one pot of coffee . Cleaning with vinegar does n't help speed up the process . Now I 've quit using the machine because the water runs out of the bottom just about as fast as I pour it in .
 This coffee maker brews as good or bad as any coffee maker I have used . I have always like grinding my own beans , but this product makes me want to grind at the store or buy grounds by the bag . Cleaning this unit is a complete disaster . Between the steam , dust , leakage , and bean fragments , I have nearly chucked this thing off the deck . It 's not just on occassion , it is everytime you use the maker ! The cup measurement is also difficult to read and if you over fill the intake , look out countertop . What may be worse than cleanup is the fact that the grinder section which attaches on a pinion binds together and one must fight seriously to separate the two pieces , and I am no wimp . Not sure if it is the heat , the plastic , or having run the part through the dishwater but this is seriously poorly engineered . Do n't dare push any buttons while cleaning this fiasco either , or it will beep incessently until you unplug the device and then you can reset the clock and reprogram the timer , you guessed it , you have to relearn how to do that each time too . Generally , I like my Senseo better .
 I do n't like it . There are too many parts that must be cleaned after each use or it 'll plug up with grounds . The water level inicators are inside and difficult to see . The grinder is a blade type that is noisy and gives a poor unadjustable grind . Coffee brewed with this is marginal at best - nowhere near as good as my old Krups . Too expensive . My wife 's taking it back to the store right now . Bad coffe pot . Bad .
 I had this item shipped second day air 4 days before christmas and still have not got it today one month later . so how can I write a review of this
 This product has a critical design flaw that causes the main drip filter holder tray to pop open while the unit is operating . If you are not watching the machine like a hawk , the result is hot water and mucky coffee grounds spilled all over the counter . What a mess!The problem is plastic hooks that wear out prematurely . The overall unit contains way too much plastic , and seems to have been designed by a team of artist `` Industrial Designers '' without a Mechnanical Engineer involved.My advice , avoid ALL products from Cusinart . If you need an appliance these days , buying anything with an American/Chinese component is asking for trouble . My next coffee maker will either be German or Korean , at least companies from those countries still seem to have a `` real '' engineer involved in the design before shipping production to China .
 I can not stand this coffee maker . The cleanup is very involved . Some areas that need daily cleaning are completely inaccessable . Using pre ground coffee it seems to not allow the coffee enough time to go thru the filter . This results in the grinds and hot water pooling till overflow then spilling internally over many fused plastic parts . You can not even clean them because they can not be removed . And yes this muck drips over the caraffe and onto the burner and starts to burn . Unbelieveable . Even though you may not use the grinder you still have to break it down and clean the condensate out of it . Very poor . This product is junk . If you dont believe me buy one and see for yourself .
 We 've had the machine for 3yrs now . We have abandoned the coffee gind feature because of the cleanup required each time . The drawer pops out 1/4 of the time which left unattended -LRB- morning shower -RRB- results in overflow of grinds and coffee all over the counter . The pour is slow and my wife seems to spill every morning . I would not buy again .
 My parents had had one of these beasts for a year or so , so I decided to pick one up when my older non-grinding Cuisinart started getting a little tired.I was a little hesitant , due to the flat bottom filter , but decided to go with it . I 'm now disappointed that I did.I like my coffee strong . When I add my flavored creamer , I want to taste both coffee AND creamer . I want my coffee to wake me up . With this coffee maker , I have to fill WELL above the recommended fill line to get anything approaching a decently strong cup of coffee , and even then about 1/5 of the coffee gets left behind as caked on crud that has to be scraped clean every morning . Even then , I end up with a mediocre brew.I imagine that if you liked light coffee -LRB- or Coftea , as I like to call it -RRB- , this might be a good call . Maybe if you buy the dried out beans , it wo n't create such a waste of expensive coffee . But ... strong coffee with a nice , oily Italian roast ? You 'll be dissapointed.PROS - shiny pretty , programmable , water filterCONS - weak coffee , wastes coffee in grind , very noisy , exceptionally short cord , more clean up than I want to do before I have my coffee in the morning
 Well , had this for little over a year and it 's already broken . Wo n't boil water any more . Piece of junk !
 We loved this coffee maker for the first year . Despite having to always clean the grinder and the sound of a jet taking off in the kitchen first thing in the morning , it made an awesome , hot cup of joe . After a year however , it started leaking out the bottom and we had to clean a mess every morning . A month or two later , the programmer started acting up and last week it finally died . It 's depressing when you spend so much for a coffee maker only to have it die in a little over a year . What a waste !
 See the title - it says it all !
 Word of advice - NEVER NEVER get rid of your old faithful coffee machine until you 've really tested out the new one ... This model sadly just does not measure up the price and aesthetic look of the machine - The grinder is so loud it 's like a wake up alarm for the whole house - the grinder is not easy to clean - for a thermal pot the coffee doesnt stay THAT warm. , and when you do pour the coffee its painstakingly slow and no matter how careful you are it makes a mess everywhere ... shame as cuisinart are normally very good - if you dont mind grinding your coffee at the supermarket then do that and stick with the previous cuisinart model .
 This machine , at ten times the normal price for a coffee machine , has two new tricks . It has a morning wake-up feature that grinds then brews , and it has a thermos-style jug . It makes great coffee . Why only 2 stars ? - because these features are so uncomplementary . You get the best coffee by carefully preheating the carafe , when a separate grinder would be fine . The grinder function would be great for morning coffee as you wake , but much of the value is lost as the coffee drips into a cold carafe . Meanwhile steam from the brew soaks the grinder and adds cleanup time . When was the last time you cleaned a grinder ? Now you will be obliged to do so every time . - because it is not an exceptionally well-built item . The carafe is good , and keeps your coffee warm for 60-90 minutes , but the machine is more plasticky than you would expect from the pictures.If given a second chance I would probably get a regular coffee machine and a separate grinder . I would strongly consider a thermos-style carafe as this eliminates the cooked flavor .
 Disclaimer
 This lightweight grinder clogs up and does n't perform to the standards of Cuisinart . Too bad they cheapened their image with this low-quality product . Available much cheaper at warehouse clubs if you really are determined to support this ailing product .
 I got this as a gift to replace the Braun I got in college over 15 years ago . I thought it would be great to wake up to coffee already made every morning ... and it was for the first two days , then you start to dread getting it set up the night before . It really is a long process . There are too many parts you have to have clean and dry completely every single time you want some coffee.It might not seem like such a chore if the coffee you got from this machine was amazing , but that 's not the case . It 's just coffee . No better than what I brewed in my 15 + year old Braun . I use bottled water every time , so maybe I would have noticed a difference if I used tap water since this machine has the filter and my old one does not.I am going back to my old Braun and will take this one out when the person who gave it to me comes over .
 After four months of owning this coffee maker , I am reminded of the `` Gift of the White Elephant . '' This is the story of the faithful citizen who was rewarded for his loyalty to the king . For his loyalty , he was given the realm 's most unique creature ; an albino elephant . The citizen thankfully accepted . Within a year , however , the citizen and his family were peniless and starving due to the maintenance required in raising this spectacular creature.PROSFlavorful coffeeConvenience of pre-brewed coffee awaiting you in the AMStylish appearanceYou no longer need to set your bedroom alarm clock *** CONS *** Painfully loud grind and brew system . If you live in an apartment or townhouse , you will be awakened to this machine each morning . The banging you hear on the walls will be your neighbors cursing your very existance . Embarassingly loud!Intricate parts require substantial hand cleaningNo grind consistancy controlDifficult to read the water levelDifficult to pour without spilling ... stock up on paper towelsBOTTOM-LINEI 've now taken to running an extension cord from the wall to the machine . Each night , I move it away from the walls and set it up in the middle of my living room so I wo n't disturb my neighbors with the jet-engine-like grind system . This `` white elephant '' is not worth the trouble , folks .
 This product looks great and makes good coffee . However , it 's very cumbersome & difficult to use . In addition to some of the comments in other reviews , mainly the frustration of not knowing how much coffee is left in the pot , it is almost equally as hard to determine how much water is being poured into the machine in order to make coffee -LRB- there is no labeling on the outside -RRB- . When we initially purchased this machine we found it annoying having to lean over the top of the machine to see the labeling for pouring in water -LRB- number of cups -RRB- , now the numbers have worn off completely so it 's become a guessing game . It also is difficult to pour water into the machine from the craft without spilling it all over . My husband and I both regret purchasing this product .
 I gave it a four stars almost a year and half ago . Today had to change it to 2 star as it simply stopped working . This is the first coffee maker I had so I do n't know how long a coffee maker is supposed to last . Still 3 years used only lightly - mostly at weekends , I 'd expect any kitchen utility shall survive longer than this . -- Below my original review --------- I 've had it for two years . It 's my first grind and brew so I had no comparison . However as a consumer I felt there should be better ones . I bought it because of its name Cuisinart . It looks very elegant in the kitchen . The biggest drawback is it is really hard to clean if you Grind coffee . Thermo Coffee pot does not really keep coffee hot/Warm . When coffee is ready , you better drink right away . But overall it does work . It makes coffee . It can grind . I set the timer before going to bed and when I wake up coffee is waiting for me . It is noisy when it grinds , but grinding supposed to be noisy , does n't it .
 Do not buy this coffee pot . We owned it less than a year when the coffee grinder stopped working , and that 's not the worst of it . About every 3rd brew cycle , something goes wrong and it spews coffee all over the counter . I hate this pot and ca n't wait to get rid of it !
 I am the only coffee drinker in our house and make coffee daily , but we often have company and make a full 12 cup pot at those times . I received Cuisinart DGB-600BC as a Christmas gift and it looked quite impressive , but unfortunately it is one of those items that looks great and performs poorly . It 's biggest shortcoming is its failure to make small amounts of coffee . Unless making 6 or more cups , the coffee is very weak . To remedy this Cuisinart recommends that one double the amount of grounds used ... very wasteful . The other shortcoming is that this machine is a real pain to clean . The only situation that I would recommend this machine is for the person who makes a full 12 cup pot on a regular basis . When making a full pot , the Cuisinart performed well.For daily use , I replaced the Cuisinart with a small 4 cup Mr. Coffee DRX5 -LRB- which makes great coffee -RRB- and a Krups coffee grinder . I also have a 12 cup Black and Decker DCM2500B for those times when company visits . When coupled with the Krups grinder , both of these machines make better coffee than the Cuisinart .
 I could have gotten less hassle with a $ 40 coffee pot . This thing is a pain to clean . After you grind the coffee the moisture rises and goes into the grinder so the grinds that are left get wet and stick to the inside of the grinder . It also drips from the bottom of the pot when you pour due to excess steam after brewing . the water drips down behind the pot onto the hotplate . also the coffee starts to cool down after about an hour in the `` thermal carafe '' We paid $ 135 for this . DO NOT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE . Run from this product .
 I 'm so disappointed in this piece of crap AND with CUISNART ! THIS IS THE WORST DESIGN ever ! Aside from the fact that there are way to many parts to put together just to make a pot of coffee , it has to be PERFECTLY DRY or else your coffee will be weak . We were so frustrated with the grind feature we ended up going back to grinding our own coffee and turning the grind feature off . The coffee pot now just malfunctioned and we awoke this morning to a floor filled with coffee grinds and coffee . VERY UPSET and tired and all we want is a cup of coffee we gave the piece of crap another whirl after 30 minutes of cleaning up the kitchen . IT DID IT AGAIN!NEVER AGAIN will I spend so much on a Coffee pot . We had another Cuisinart Coffee pot fail . We will never go with their brand again !
 I bought this coffee pot because it looks great ! Cuisinart has a reputable name , too , and with the built in grinder , I thought I had it made ! But like others have said , it is a pain to clean . But beyond that - the carafe leaks EVERYTIME we pour a cup of coffee . No matter what we do . And from time to time , the filter gets clogged up with coffee grounds , and it does result in spilled coffee everywhere . I lost 10 cups of coffee all on my counters and in my cupboard - of course , when company was over . Not a mess I wanted to deal with . Save your money and do not buy this leaky , hard to clean coffee maker . You will only be looking for a better model in time .
 Maybe I had set the -LRB- coffee -RRB- bar too high , but I was disappointed with this product , and am returning it within one week of purchase.Problems : -- Coffee was fairly weak , not robust or flavorful . Of course , I was using the same beans/grind/number of scoops I 'd been using previously with an older Braun unit . -- May just have been the unit I got , but the coffee was simply not hot enough . I tested a full carafe with water only , and immediately after the brewing process the temperature was an unsatisfactory 170F . -- Emptying the carafe of its contents requires turning it almost completely `` head over heels . '' It 's far from a simple pour to get the coffee out . This problem in particular can lead to easy spillage . -- Even if you do n't use the grinder , the compartment will fill with condensation every time you use the unit , requiring that you dry the grinder components even though they were unused . -- Unit is unusually large -LRB- partially owing to the grinder components -RRB- , and did not fit in our appliance garage.All in all , not what I 'd expected or hoped for from Cuisinart . I 'm moving on to try the Capresso MT500 .
 I purchased this little number about three months ago , and in that amount of time on maybe twelve early mornings I have shuffled with half closed eyes to grab my conveniently prepared morning jolt only to find A MESS IN MY KITCHEN BECAUSE THE * ^ & -LRB- % ^ & -LRB- BASKET POPS OUT !!!!! Even when I am cautious to insure that the little handle on the basket faces forward , as the manufacturer suggests , still the basket inexplicably pops out and leaves grounds all over the carafe , burner plate , counter , floor , etc. .
 Normally , Cuisinart is synonymous with quality . And I love my Cuisinart food processor . Love the small food processor , too . But their grind-and-brew coffee makers are poorly-made plastic junk . I had the original one ... everything with two plastic connectors now has only one , and I was always careful with it ... I now have to balance the lid on the carafe , have to hold the top lid closed with clamps I 've attached or the thing wo n't brew ... So when I saw the new model , I thought , `` Great ! They must have fixed it ! '' Just got it yesterday , and I 'm already disappointed . The first thing you 'll notice is that the nice shiny metal is only real on the carafe . The rest is just a cheap faceplate over flimsy plastic on weak hinges and thin components . I can almost feel it wanting to break every time I fill it . The first model had to be completely dried out after every use because the steam backs up through the grinding components , leaving a trail of coffee-bean-coagulated-sweat all through the device . I 'd hoped they 'd have put some sort of steam backflow prevention mechanism in the new model ... they did not . Still have to dry out the whole works after every use . Even the compartment where only dry beans were placed.With the thermal carafe version , the resting plate at the bottom does not heat , it only holds the carafe . I assume the glass version does act as a heating plate ... So this morning , when I came to get my coffee , I thought perhaps I 'd set the timer wrong . I did n't see the little light glowing to tell me that the thermal plate was working . I had done it right , however ; it just relies on the insulating properties of the thermal carafe to keep the coffee warm . Truth be told , I prefer that to burnt coffee ... but that 's the only good part of this device.I think , for my next grind-and-brew , I 'll shell out the extra bucks for the Capresso .
 We would not pass on this headache of a machine to anyone . After just six months , we have just tossed it out in the garbage . Why?Start out with the fact that you will no longer need an alarm clock . This machine sounds like a jet engine getting ready to take off when grinding and it will wake up the whole house if you use the automatic timer.Then , there is the tedious - and virtually impossible - task of cleaning this machine . There are too many parts to clean , and no matter what you do , you will still have a machine that routinely `` gums up '' with sticky coffee residue . The flawed design causes this problem . The grinder is right above the brewer , so you are going to get steam in the grinder no matter what you do . It 's unavoidable . Result - gummy coffee build up throughout the entire machine.Heaven help you if you would like to brew another pot shortly after another . Since you have had to wash out the sticky grinder , plan on spending another five minutes attempting to dry it out before brewing your second pot ... . you are trying to avoid the moisture in the grinder ... . which contributes to the gummy mess ... which is unavoidable anyway . You get the picture.We experienced all the problems others have mentioned -- the filter basket pops out in the middle of the brewing process resulting in a total mess . This same area sticks and will NOT open when you want it to open -LRB- i.e. , when you push the little button on the side that is supposed to make the filter basket area pop open ... -RRB- Both of these problems are due to the fact that the whole machine becomes a sticky mess . Either the basket area will not close properly , or if you do manage to get it closed , then it 's stuck.We attempted to keep this machine in clean and in working order . We washed all the parts each time , we let the parts dry before putting the pieces back , and we gave the machine a complete cleaning at least once a week , all to no avail.After all of this , the coffee was only `` so-so '' ... . it was weak even when we cut back on the water and filled the grinder as full as recommended.We just bought a Capresso CoffeeTeam Luxe , and are optimistic . It is designed so that the grinder is completely separate from the brewing process ; thus far , it seems to totally avoid the moisture problem in the grinder . It makes one-half the noise , takes one-fourth the time to clean , and using the same coffee , we got a much stronger and richer cup of coffee.Bottom Line
 This was a wedding gift from our registry . Even as a gift , we have to replace it . The grind mechanism is ridiculously loud . You can not use it with guests because of this . Now the worst part . The carafe was poorly designed . You have to poor at an odd angle to only have the coffee dribble out . And it WILL poor all over your counter . I 've seen the new versions of this model with a newly designed carafe but I 'm not giving it a chance . Worthless . This coffee maker has turned me against Cuisinart and their poor R&D .
 Anyone who grinds beans is going to want good coffee . This turns very good beans into something generic from a can . After one pot from this machine , we went out and bought a Capresso , the only combination with an adequate grinder even if it is a bit klugy .
 Bought one of the original models of these machines around 7 years ago and it worked really well under heavy use for about five years and then the grinder stopped working . Considering it had been used every day , I thought it had actually performed pretty well so I replaced it with the above model . This looks nicer , but is cheaply made and I have had a real problem with it leaking everywhere now that it is about 18 months old , although the grinder still works ! It is another example of a great concept being very poorly executed .
 what an awful coffeemaker . The coffee is fine.Keeps hot only if you fill the carafe with very hot water before you brew.Lots of little , clumsy parts to clean -- every time you brew.Too much work for a cup of coffee . Will try to find another Capresso grind/brew . Manufacturer has discontinued making , just as our original one died - after 10 years of faithful use . But there 's got to be one left over somewhere !
 I waited along time to buy this coffee maker ... after it finally went on sale I went and made the plunge and bought it . I was so excited when I finally got it , but boy ... was I wrong . It is very complicated to get it programed . It was very unclear ... also there are too many parts to it and too hard to clean . The most dissapointing part was the thermal caraf . It took at least about 30 seconds for a full cup to be poured ... it was so slow . There is no adjustment to the lid . What a waste of time and money . I wish I had read all the reviews before I bought it .
 This is my second grind & brew to own and I love them while they work . They make great coffee and I do n't even mind the hassle involved in cleaning them . What I do mind is that both machines have died due to the same problem ... they will not stay on . No one should have to turn on the coffee maker 5 or more times just to get a half pot of coffee brewed . The bottom line ... this machine is too expensive to replace every 2 years .
 We purchased our Grind & Brew about 1.5 years ago . It worked fine for about 8 months then for some unknown reason the filter compartment started to pop out of place during the cycle . This has created a mess all over the counter many times , coffee , grounds , hot water . When putting the filter in we double and triple check to be sure it is secure but again , in the morning , grounds and coffee all over the counter and running down the cabinets . We are no longer going to use this coffee maker and am disappointed that we paid this much for a coffee maker and only got a year and a half use out of it .
 Yes ... the machine does grind and produce coffee . Thats what its supposed to do at a minimum . Is the coffee tasty . Sure . Its supposed to be we are grinding quality beans . BUT here are the following shortfalls :1 -RRB- everytime you want to make a cup of coffee it requires the removal of four parts to get to the point you can insert a filter and the beans . Then reassembling it afterward . before you can make a simple cup of coffee .2 -RRB- The brew rate is relatively slow and you will experience a loss of water . also it really requires a pitcher or other piece of equipment to accurately fill the water compartment3 -RRB- after making the coffee the humidity from the brewing area gets into the grinding area creating a black coffee paste that is no fun to get on clothing or counters4 -RRB- OK call me a priss but I have to TOUCH the filter filled with wet dripping grinds when I clean this thing after making a pot of coffee ... 5 -RRB- The auto shut off is nice for some but to be honest I drink several cups through the day and after a short period of time the burner cuts off and no more hot coffee ... repeat above stepsFinally a grinder coffee maker combo is a nice thing but this one was poorly designed and ill thought out .6
 We are now on our third Cuisinart DGB-600BC Grind and Brew . The product worked great for about 6 weeks then it began to stop brewing after only 1-2 cups of water had passed over the grinds . We would have to continously restrart the unit only to have the brewing process quit time and time again . Cuisinart customer service -LRB- which had us on hold for 45 minutes -RRB- said that they had not heard of this problem , but I was surprised to see that another reviewer on this web site had the same problem . We sent the unit back twice at Cuisinart 's expense only to receive another coffeemaker that experienced the same problem . Do n't waste your time or money with this one .
 If you think making a pot of coffee should require plenty of hands-on labor , look no further . This is a very-flawed design for the simple reason that it requires substatial cleaning and drying in between pots of coffee.As others have said , the machine dumps steam into the bean grinder , leaving coffee grounds stuck to at least three different parts . These need to be removed , rinsed , and dried after each pot . The machine might look good on the countertop , but it looks crappy with these plastic parts laying around it while drying.You can not keep extra beans in the grinder . The grinder is just large enough for one pot . I prefer my old grinder that does n't require refilling and re-measuring with every pot I brew.And as mentioned elsewhere , the carafe needs to be pre-warmed by rinsing it in hot water . So , forget about your automatic brewing producing a nice hot pot of coffee . The unit does not have a carafe heater.And finally , you can not empty the carafe without turning it nearly completely upsidedown -- and then it leaks.All in all , I prefer my old school Mr. Coffee and separate bean grinder . The coffee is just as good and it takes less than a third of the time to make.I 'd write more , but I 'm on my way back to the store to make a return .
 If your idea of a good time is to spend an hour cleaning coffee grounds out of EVERYTHING after every pot is brewed , go ahead and buy this little beauty . On the other hand , if you like coffee that does n't contain 6 parts grounds to every cup of drinkable coffee , a coffee maker that does n't have to be completely disassembled , steam cleaned , and reassembled with each use , a coffee maker that does n't sound like a jet has just landed in the kitchen ... well , then , my friend ... keep looking . This machine deserves a class action suit . But , since that takes too much time , I just threw mine in the trash -- do n't even bother to recycle .
 I paid $ 150 for what I thought was a high end product . What I got was the worst engineered appliance I have ever purchased . With each brew about 1/2 '' cup of water leaks out of the top , bottom and all 4 sides . I ca n't use the grind feature because steam from the brewing process causes the grinder mechanism to become completely clogged . The filter basket has numerous mechanical parts that ca n't be removed for cleaning . I contacted Cuisinart but received no help . I do n't understand how a product with so many flaws could make it to the market . I 'm also puzzled how they still continue to sell a product that is defective . Please read all the reviews . I 'm not the only one with these problems .
 I am experiencing many of the problems others have had and my coffee maker is a week old today ! 1 -RRB- If you count the carafe you have to clean 7 parts before brewing another pot . If you want to brew a second pot right away you have to dry many nooks and crannys that you really can not get to to make sure the grinder is not damp .2 -RRB- The carafe is very hard to poor from . I personally have not had any leaking from the carafe like others have had though .3 -RRB- The water reservoir is very hard to read . It is difficult to see how much water you are putting in and if you get too much -LRB- yes it allows you to put too much -RRB- it will over flow the carafe resulting in coffee all over the counter .4 -RRB- when I use the grind function the coffee maker has been shutting off either right after the grinding process or after only brewing a couple cups . The machine just shuts off . I have to hit `` grind off '' button and then the `` on '' button again for it to finish brewing . I do not know if it is a short or what .5 -RRB- Brew quality is very inconsistent . Dark and bitter , Pale and weak ... 6 -RRB- there are always grinds in the pot!I am ready to give up on this coffee maker after only a week .
 Please take my advice and buy another coffee maker ! Made excellent coffee ... at the beginning . Within a couple of months , we started spending many mornings wiping up the entire pot of coffee that brewed and dispensed onto the counter . Then , the grinder started randomly starting itself and not shutting off . TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY !!!!
 This thing is a major pain . The carafe leaks all over . The filter basket door wo n't stay closed . The coffee bean holder and the water tank are too close together . You spill beans no telling where stuff goes . I 'm retiring it after three months of trial and going back to Capresso .
 I wanted so much to like it -- about $ 100 worth -LRB- thank God I got a 30 % discount -RRB- . But after just two tries and reading these reviews , I 'm gon na take it back immediately and MOVE ON . Why ? 1 -RRB- the finished coffee is not hot , more like warm .2 -RRB- the carafe does n't keep it at `` warm '' even .3 -RRB- the finished coffee is weak , even with addition of more beans -LRB- only made 6 cups , but would have to agree with other reviewers that I ca n't imagine grinder holding enough beans to brew a strong pot -RRB- . And I 'm putting in Starbucks Sumatra beans -LRB- strong stuff -RRB- .4 -RRB- The water level is difficult to see .5 -RRB- I can see just after two uses how the whole mechanism could get clogged with coffee gunk pretty easily and ultimately require daily precise cleaning -LRB- not for me thank you -RRB- .6 -RRB- The stainless is nice , but as another poster said , so easily fingerprinted .7 -RRB- Oh yeah , it IS a drag to pour from that carafe too -- I did n't have trouble with leakage -- but geesh yeah you do have to practically turn it upside down for the last cup or two.I think the grind & brew concept is yet to be realized ... Certainly it ai n't this Cuisinart -LRB- I have the 600 by the way -RRB- .
 The thermal carafe dose a wonderful job of keeping the coffee hot . When brewing pre ground coffee I dislike that you must turn off the grind feature before turning on the unit every time you want to make coffee . I also dislike the angle required to pour the coffee .
 I wish I would have read some of these reviews before I just bought the Cuisinart Grind and Brew . My husband and I are big coffee drinkers and love the Starbucks quality of a rich brew . We have a 6 year old Mr. Coffee coffeemaker that we paid $ 20 for , and I was ready for something new that would n't scald the coffee if you left it on the burner for more than 15 minutes . Well , let me tell you , my Mr. Coffee $ 20 investment makes much better coffee than this one ! My husband and I made 2 pots when it first arrived - the first one was so weak we thought we must have done something wrong , so we made a second pot . After using more coffee beans than we do with our old 15 -LRB- ! -RRB- year old Braun coffee grinder -LRB- which still works great , by the way -RRB- , we found we still had very weak coffee . And I completely agree with the person who wrote A Big Disappointment , the lid is very poorly constructed where you have to nearly turn it upside down to get the coffee out , and the jet plane sound on the coffee grinder makes you think the pot is getting ready for liftoff .
 This item has to be one of the worse products that I have ever owned . It makes an o.k. cup of coffee , it is a nightmare to clean , & after only 9 months the grinder no longer works . I do not have one positive thing to say about this product . Nice concept , poorly designed .
 I upgraded from an ancient glass pot style Mr Coffee that I 've had for 10 years to this model a few months ago . I was really interested in the integrated grinder feature of this model , since I 've been using a separate grinder and found it a hassle to have two appliances on the counter for making coffee.The biggest problem I have with this model is the time it takes to clean between each use . With my old grinder I would clean it once per week or so , but with the integrated grinder , the steam from the coffee rises up into the grinder and turns the grind dust into mud . It takes about 15 minutes of cleanup for EVERY pot of coffee , which is just too much work.On the positive side the model looks nice -LRB- I have the brushed chrome -RRB- , does n't take up much counter space , and makes good tasting coffee . The temperature of the brew is n't super hot , but it does retain its heat well in the insulated carafe.Overall I do n't think this model was worth the money , and the integrated grinder was a big disappointment .
 I was so excited to get a combo machine ! No longer would I have to grind my beans and then put them in the coffee maker . I would also have a thermos so my coffee would stay warmer longer . But , this machine was not as good as I imagined . Yes , the beans do grind . But , if you 're making a six cup pot of coffee it continues to grind for a 10 cup pot . The coffee did taste good . But , clean up was a lot more than I imagined . I thought I could every once in awhile clean out the grinder like I do my stand alone . But , after brewing a cup of coffee the steam gets in the grinder so you have to clean it up to avoid it ruining the grinder . Too much of a hassle so it went back !
 My wife and I purchased this coffeemaker with high hopes since it had all of the features we looked for in a coffeemaker . Since receiving it we 've had nothing but problems with it . Below is a list of our problems : After using the program setting the clock stops working and just displays -- . We have to unplug the coffeemaker and reset the clock since none of the buttons work after that.The coffee filter door does not stay shut so sometimes when it is grinding the coffee the door flies open spraying coffee grinds and coffee all over the kitchen.The carafe drips when you poor a cup of coffee.The parts do not work well together . You have to constantly clean the grinder.This coffeemaker is n't worth -LSB- the money -RSB- . There are far better coffeemakers out there for a lot less money . Seriously consider a different coffeemaker you will only regret this purchase . You would be better off with a cheap $ 10 coffeemaker compared to the headaches that this machine will give you .
 Most of the reviewers of this piece of garbage have got it dead on . Mine is dead after less than 2 years of headaches . It finally belched smoke out the back & now I can burden our local landfill with its carcass . I have had every problem that the other reviewers are complaining about . I did n't mind cleaning the entire thing every morning . I did n't mind running vinegar through it & changing the filter so it actually functioned . I did mind getting 10 cups of coffee spewed all over my kitchen when the basket malfunctioned , I did mind the weak coffee & the need to stuff every last bean into the grinder so it made merely a half-crappy cup , and I did mind the cheaply made basket door which popped out or got stuck in . Misuse my a ** , this is simply a crappy , overpriced gimmicky coffeemaker . And if you had to get warranty service , why do you love this coffeemaker so much ? I had a Black & Decker that still worked perfectly when I gave it to my daughter after about 7 years of faithful service . I thought heck , I will never need it again , I have a brand new gimmicky whiz-bang grind your own whoo-hoo fru-fru coffeemaker ! Boy was I wrong . Thanks Cuisinart , your products are garbage & I will never , ever buy another one , as long as I live , so help me God , etc. etc. .
 If you have the time to clean every part of this coffeemaker everyday , then this is the coffeemaker for you . You have to clean the grinder , grinder blades and the intricate top to the grinder after every , I mean , every use . Only for people with a lot of time on their hands and like to get them wet.This is the biggest rip-off out there . I am not the only person that feels this way-two other people in my neighborhood threw theirs out as well . The trashmen must have a treasure trove of Cuisinart Grind and Brews , God knows they do n't have time to clean them after every use either .
 Buy this coffeemaker and you may find yourself going to Starbuck 's just to avoid cleaning it . Every time you make a pot of coffee , you must disassemble , clean , and replace 7 different parts . Poorly designed and engineered .
 I liked the idea of grinding just-in-time and in the same unit , to cut down on the steps and time required to get coffee setup at night , and the mess it creates.I found it takes longer and makes more mess rather than less.The unit has some basic design flaws . The grinder is right above the filter , and every time you use the unit , steam from the brewing process gets into the grinder making a mess out of the grinder compartment that is a lot of work to clean.I use about as much water for brewing as for cleaning the unit . Also , there 's about 2 tbsp of coffee grounds that get stuck in various part of the grinder which do n't get used in the brewing . That 's a lot of waste of perfectly good coffee.And having a flat round filter rather than a cone filter , I found the coffee does n't taste as round and strong as what I 'm used to from my old Krups machine.If it would n't be such a pain , I 'd take it back .
 This product makes great coffee . But if ease of use is your priority this is a zero . It is loud . If you program the timer for morning coffee you wont need an alarm . It grinds for an eternity . To add insult to injury there are six separate parts you need to wash each time you use the pot . Dont make my mistake . Buy a separate grinder and coffee maker . This one is a looser .
 I bought this as a present for my wife , who liked the idea of putting beans in the resevoir , setting the timer and waking up to a delicious cup of coffee . Unfortunately , the grinder works , but it does not allow you to set fineness to your taste . Steam rises from the brewing area and moistens the grinding part , so you have to clean a bunch of soggy coffee grounds out of the top of the maker every night in addition to cleaning the filter and the carafe . Worst , the filter basket is prone to popping out on its own in the middle of the brewing process , sending coffee streaming down the counter and onto the floor . Finally , the carafe leaks .
 Ok , I read the reviews about the noise and mess and that did n't bother me . What does bother me , is that I keep adding more and more beans trying to get a cup of coffee that actually tastes like coffee and have n't succeeded . I started with my usual amount and , with each pot , added more and more beans and the coffee still has little flavor . I think that so much of the grounds get stuck in the grinder that you lose much of the coffee that you put in . Considering the amount of coffee I make , this is quite a waste of coffee.I am returning it today and getting a regular cone-shaped coffee maker .
 Well , I opened the front door , threw the entire coffeemaker out the door and watched it smash all over the front sidewalk !!!!! IT felt great too ! I have had this since September . Since then the grind drawer has popped open no less than four times during brewing and flooded the counter . You can not use this machine unless all SIX annoying pieces are in place . Hard to see how much water you have poured and this past weekend I did not have the carafe lid on tight and the entire pot of hot coffee spilled all over the counter , floor , and new rug . Out the door it went ! I hated this thing from day one . Do n't know what I 'll do if a bigger appliance breaks ?
 For convenience and fast brewing I give this two stars , but there 's where the good news ends . I live in a humid climate so the grinder requires constant servicing because the delivery chute clogs up constantly . Particularly if you like a dark or oily roast , this is not the machine for you . Also , to get a decent brew strength you have to set the machine to grind more beans than the actual cups you are making . Oh and I should mention , the grinder is so loud it will wake the dead ! For 6 cups set it for 8 , etc. . Plus if you set it for 10-12 cups , expect the coffee grinds to overflow into your pot . Although the brew pot is big enough to accommodate 12 cups , the brew basket is NOT big enough to accommodate 12 cups worth of ground coffee . My biggest complaint however is the temperature . It is just warm at best . Does n't matter if you pre-warm the pot with hot water . The coffee is still just barely warm enough to drink . Eventually I just gave up and my routine involved microwaving the cup of coffee for 30 seconds to bring it up to drinking temperature . I put up with this for nearly a year until one day the kitchen clock fell off the wall and shattered the bean hopper lid . To my disdain , I found that Cuisinart does NOT sell a replacement lid for the bean hopper . After that I gave up and boughtCapresso 464.05 CoffeeTeam GS 10-Cup Digital Coffeemaker with Conical Burr Grinder . I may very well have found the perfect home coffee station in the Capresso ! It 's not quite as fast as the Cuisinart but it 's plenty fast enough , plus the coffee comes out HOT -LRB- I 've scalded myself several times -RRB- and the machine settings allow you to choose the brew strength without the `` number of cups '' issue the Cuisinart has . So far I 've had no grinder delivery chute clogs and no other problem whatsoever with the Capresso . Yes , I am a coffee snob and yes , I may well be in love with the Capresso . Goodbye forever , Cuisinart .
 MODEL DGB 600BCI 'm on my second unit and , like the first one , it leaks . Same identical problem that renders the unit unusable . I thought it was a quirk on with the first one going bad but now , the second one is also bad.NEEDLESS TO SAY , CUISINART DOES NOT HAVE A CUSTOMER SERVICE DEPARTMENT.They have a phone number for a department called customer service but this goes to someone who tells you we ca n't help . This phone number is to a NO CUSTOMER SERVICE DEPARTMENT.If you do n't mind your coffee maker only lasting a couple of years then Cuisinart might be for you.Buyer beware , you are on your own .
 As much time as I spend scouring user reviews on Amazon , I finally want to contribute back . I 've had this coffee maker for two years . I bought it becuase a -RRB- it had a grinder and b -RRB- had a thermal carafe . And by ` bought it ' I mean it was a wedding present , but believe me a lot of research went into it before I put it on the registry . For two years , it has been a pretty cood coffeemaker . I do n't have much to compare it too , since all of my previous coffeemakers were hot plates and glass . But nonetheless , it brewed a nice cup of coffee.The grinder sucks . It is pretty darn loud , and it grinded the beans way too much , leaving leaving a mess behind which was a pain to clean . I would be pissed if I used the timer/program function , but I do n't so its just as easy for me to use my burr grinder -LRB- which is way more quiet . -RRB- My burr grinder also does n't leave a mess behind and requires very little cleaning . The other problem with the grinder is that it HAS to be in to use the coffeepot , even if you select the ` grinder off ' option . Which is annoying since sometimes its in the dishwasher and oh crap I ca n't make a cup of coffee with my already grinded beans without the empty grinder piece in . So thats that . I got over it.The carafe is great , I love it . I love that I can move it around and not have to keep on the hot plate . It keeps the coffee pretty hot for a couple hours , starts to get lukewarm around the 3-4 hour mark -LRB- I should , but do not preheat the carafe -RRB- . The filter basket is fine . It will occasionally will brew coffee all over the counter if the carafe is not situated nicely or if you overfill the water resevoir , but no big deal , I 've destroyed many a pots of coffee before this and will continue to without -- its all user error . Its not really a ` slow pour ' either . It pours just fine.Here 's the problem . I ca n't figure it out . Up to this point I would give it a 3 star rating
 I have owned and used this item for about five years now . As noted elsewhere here , when this product works well it produces great coffee with admirable qualities . I love the gold filter , the thermos , and the programmable grind and brew . But come on ! About 1 in 30 brews results in a coffee catastrophe , where maybe half the coffee ends up in the thermos and the rest goes everywhere else you do n't want it to be . To make it more irksome , I have been unable to find any trigger for this horror . This morning , I had fully cleaned the unit , dropped the kids off to school , and I returned to spend 30 minutes cleaning drawers that were full of coffee plus the cupboards and the floor . Today was the last time . It 's in the trash can and I 'm shopping for a new machine with no regrets . And yes , cleaning the unit was a pain but normally the chore was worth it .
 I thought this machine would be fantastic . Put in beans , set timer , go to bed , and wake up to a fresh pot of coffee . The first pot of coffee was great ! Every pot after that required thorough cleaning of the grinder . Cuisenart needs to improve the design of the machine so the steam does not seap into the grinder area . I thought I 'd let it sit and dry and it would be ready to go the next morning , but that never happened . I ended up returning the machine and buying a Krups -LRB- which I love -RRB- .
 We 've had this pot for six months . In the first couple of months , the carafe started to drip water down the front whenever I used it to pour water into the reservoir . At least a cup of water would run down the front of the pot onto the counter . We sent in the pot and got a replacement . That one leaks , too . Also , it leaks water from under the machine . After making coffee , if you lift the machine off the counter , there is leaked coffee underneath . We have also had trouble with it not perking all of the water in the reservoir . Sometimes there is up to 4 cups of water left in the reservoir when it is done perking . When I go to fill the reservoir the next time -LRB- assuming it is empty -RRB- I have an overflow because of the left-over water that never perked . This pot is a disaster . Do n't buy one . P.S. . When we sent for the replacement thermal pot , Cousinart said that they would only replace it once ... that should have been a hint that things would n't go well .
 We ended up returning this one . It was a pain to clean , but the biggest problem is that we could n't get a good cup of coffee out of the darn thing . We called customer support and they said that certain beans will not work well with the non-adjustable grinder that is built into the machine . Per their advise , we ordered some Dunkin Doughnuts beans and this helped a bit , but there was still a pronounced bitter after-taste to the coffee . We could tolerate the high price and cleaning hastle if the end result was great . But since it was n't , we chose a different model .
 I have owned this machine for a year now . I can safely say that it is a pain to clean this thing . I would estimate that it takes 10 minutes to clean the unit . This is a long time just to clean the unit when you have kids asking for breakfast or just needing your attention.I have had many problems which have caused my counter top and floor to be covered with coffee due to stray coffee grinds or beans getting lodged in hard to reach -LRB- or see -RRB- areas . The most recent problem is that I have a hard time removing the grinder from the machine . This is necessary to clean this monstrosity of a coffee maker . The grinder started making crazy sounds after the first week we owned it . I am guessing that it grows defective by design after a few pots.This leaves me wondering if this is a ploy to sell parts ? For $ 20 a part or so , I can buy a normal coffee maker and go back to using my trusty grinder again ... at least that only takes 1-2 minutes to use and clean the grinder and about another 5 to clean the coffee maker ... So dont think you are going to save any time by buying this unit.Alternatively , if you have loads of time on your hands -LRB- no kids , etc. -RRB- the coffee is very good tasting with the right beans and I find it to be strong enough . I have heard others complain about the strength of the coffee and how the water shoots out in one stream into the grinds . . blah . . blah . . blah . . The coffee tastes great and I do like it strong . The coffee is hotter and tastes much better than the same coffee beans ground and added to my old Mr. Coffee unit hands down - you can bet on that . This unit seems to do a better job of heating the water and holding the heat in . To me that seems to be the most important thing is the hottest water placed on the beans .
 I got this as a gift . Lasted two years . There 's a 3-year warranty but as a gift , I do n't have a receipt and Cuisinart tells me that from the serial number , it 's nearly 4 years old and out of warranty.Everything went wrong at once , but not consistently ; it still brews coffee , sort of , sometimes , when it feels like it , maybe.Let 's see , what went wrong ? 1 . If/when it gets a brain fade , all the elements of the LCD timer are active . This is usually a sign that it 's not going to work on that day and it 's time to choose a backup beverage .2 . Grinder wo n't even start . Sometimes can be coaxed into grinding by unplugging and replugging .3 . Stops brewing before all the water has run through . Sometimes .4 . Hot plate wo n't always keep coffee hot . It 's heating all right ; just not very much .5 . Lately , the grinder cup jams itself in there so hard , it 's almost impossible to pull out for cleaning .6 . I can live without the clock , or eventually yank the grinder cup out for cleaining , but for any given terminal brew malfunction , choose your combination of # 2 , # 3 , and/or # 4 . The rest I can live with , but if it wo n't even grind/brew/heat , it 's not going to be coffee.I see others have had shortened service lives with these things . I certainly wo n't buy one of these as a replacement.Since there are so many variations of this design , I 'm posting copies of this at those locations as well .
 I thought it would be so cool not to be cleaning my grinds up everyday . Boy was I wrong , This is the worse mess , to clean-upI dream of my Mr. Coffee . I spent so much on it I ca n't get rid of it yet . Do Not Buy
 That 's it , I 've had it . After my Thermal Grind and Brew overflowed this morning -- spilling coffee all over my tile counter -LRB- where my grout is permanently stained -RRB- , my floor -LRB- where the carpet has similar stains -RRB- , and even up into my walls , where the coffee has seeped during particularly bad spills -- I decided I 'd had enough . But then , I 've said the same thing countless times before , and like an idiot , I keep coming back for some reason.My wife and I have had this unit since shortly after it was released . Immediately , I loved it many good qualities which others have pointed out -- convenience of the grinder , taste of freshly-ground beans , the timer , etc. . But I quickly tired of washing the numerous pieces , which often do n't come clean even in my high-end Kitchen Aid dishwasher . And the carafe that spills if you pour too fast -- and only sort of keeps the coffee warm , even if you preheat it Etc.But none of that could compare to the overflow problem . The first time it happened , I was in shock -- and that was when I had granite counters and a linoleum floor , both of which cleaned easily enough . But as this became routine and a bit of online research revealed this was a common problem , I debated tossing my almost-brand-new and -LRB- at the time -RRB- $ 150 + coffee maker . And then it died.Hoping I 'd just received a dud , I was only too happy to return it to Cuisinart for a new one . But no , the new one had all the old one 's problems , and the basket mechanism seemed even flimsier than the old one , meaning it popped open even more frequently.Over time , I developed a routine of cleaning the coffee maker -- and particularly the basket mechanism -- meticulously and frequently . I found that a brush cleaned the grinds out of the workings best , and between that , daily wiping with a damp dishrag inside and out , shaking it VERY hard over the sink , and occasionally even running water through the thing 's guts , I reduced the frequency of the overflows . But `` reduced '' is a relative term.At times , I 've considered putting Velcro on the basket housing to keep it in place . But even then , if it pops out just a bit , that 's enough to let coffee come flowing out , so I did n't bother . I made a game out of `` What would make this coffee maker work properly ? '' But I 've never come up with an answer.So , I 've settled into a routine of watching the grinding process and making sure the brewing has begun before walking away -- and so much for the convenience of the timer , eh ? And that 's what I did today . I do n't know why , but even though I 'd cleaned it thoroughly two days ago , I just had a feeling it was due to burn me . And that 's just what it did , minutes after I walked away.Mercifully , this time something like 80 % of the grinds flowed out , and this time they did n't go into the carafe -- meaning most of the coffee continued flowing into it . But the downside was that the thick glop of the grinds went everywhere , flowing like mud in an overflowing river . Luckily , my wife caught the mess in its relatively early stages . Other times , we 've found the coffee literally five or six feet from the maker by the time we 've figured out there was a problem.Don ' t believe the people who try to downplay this problem . I three other people who own this unit , and ALL of them have the same dilemma -- underutilizing or even tossing an underperforming , pricey coffee maker , or continuing to use it at risk to their counters , floors , and walls . But not me . Like I said , I 'm done . This is , by conservative estimate , probably the twentieth time it 's overflowed , so I took it straight out to my back patio , in a hurry to clean up the mess . And I plan to deposit the DGB-600BC in the trash can later today.At least I think I do . I 've let this thing abuse me so many times before , only time will tell whether I really wise up or fall for it yet again . But if you do n't already own one , you 're lucky , because you can turn your back and say no , like I wish I had long ago ...
 I have the Capresso machine with bur grinder . I used this machine while vacationing with a relative recently.My gripes include :1 -RRB- The steam from the brewing escapes through the grinding area , guncking it all up . You are instructed on the machine to `` clean after each use '' on the grinder insert . It is a sticky , wet mess on bean puree left over mucking everything up by the time the brew cycle is over . If you try to open the top the clean it before it gets wet , the machine stops in mid brew and beeps annoyingly at you . If you do n't clean it out right away it is a hard paste that is difficult to remove .2 -RRB- You have to measure the amount of beans to put in the grinder because it grinds only that amount you put in there . Some might think this is a silly gripe , but the capresso machine figures out how much to grind . You just program in the number of cups you want .3 -RRB- It is a blade grinder.Positive :1 -RRB- Thermal carafe . The new capresso has it .2 -RRB- Thank goodness you ca n't store any beans in the grinder because they would probably start to germinate with all of the moisture .3 -RRB- The stainess steel might match your stainess appliances in which case it would be astheticaly pleasing .
 Product is well built , but its primary feature -- integral coffee grinder -- fails to do the job . While most of the coffee ends up in the filter basket , the average grain size is 5 to 20 times larger than that of coffee ground in a separate grinder . Consequently about 33 % more coffee is needed to achieve a desired strength and , even with this this much extra coffee , the flavor is substantially inferior . I 've stopped using the internal grinder , but the apparatus needs to be installed each time , even to brew pre-ground coffee . Set-up and clean-up are thus more complicated than with other , less expensive products .
 I received this coffee pot for a birthday gift and thought it would solve all of my very early morning wishes - fresh , hot coffee the minute I rolled out of bed ! Well , after cleaning the myriad of pieces and parts , I found that I had to use twice as many beans as normal , since most of the grounds stayed in the basket . I adjusted - small inconvenience.After 6 months it just stopped brewing , grinder worked but nothing else . I returned it for a new one . Four months later , same thing . I eMailed the company and no response . I give up - no more cuisinart products for me !
 I thought having a machine that would awake before I did to grind and brew my coffee was a wonderful idea . It makes a great cup of coffee , but I have to clean the whole machine for each use . The grinder unit -LRB- 2 parts -RRB- must be cleaned and thoroughly dried . I was also recently horrified to find that where the grinder unit is placed collects muck and apparently connects to the filter basket also ... so now I have to clean this area too . The filter basket and it 's lid also must be cleaned -LRB- 2 more parts -RRB- . In addition , the lid of the carafe has a mysterious sealed central area that can not be cleaned -LRB- I let water fill it and shake it , and then little brown specks come out -RRB- . Also , there is a water filter that should be replaced regularly . I also agree with everyone elses complaints about the pour speed , ca n't tell how much water is in it , and the coffee temperature.So now I 'm looking online to buy a coffee grinder to at least circumvent the cleaning of the grinder , with the hindsight that I should have bought their programmable coffee maker that costs half as much .
 Returned coffee maker after 5 months . We tried to like this machine but it was a messy nightmare . Noisy - when grinder starts wakes you up , scared the cats . Messy - need to clean grinder basket all the time ... if you do n't ... water disaster . If you forget to put coffee basket catcher in ... no alarm ... lots of water . If you forget to put the lid on the carafe ... no alarm ... lot more water . The machine will alarm if you do n't close the top lid or forget to put the grinder basket in ... neither cause a water disaster . Good coffee ... think you can find other machine that offer tasty coffee for not the expensive $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ .
 Maybe I just got the lemon of the bunch or maybe the others wrote their review before they owned it for a week . I bought the more expensive chrome version.Anyhow , worked fine for 1st week . Then coffee started to overflow around the basket and missed the carafe - made a mess . Problem is that the coffee can not seem to filter quickly enough through the basket with a filter when you make a more than a 7-cup pot of coffee . The basket is a mesh filter-like container which makes a paper filter optional . But if you do not use the paper filter small coffee grounds are let through.Another problem is that the ` pause ' feature , that is when you remove the carafe to get a cup while it is still brewing , does not work at all . You pull the carafe away and it continues to drip.I am sending my coffee maker back , and as an aside , Amazon 's return polices are great and hassle-free . -LRB- first time I have ever had to return anything to Amazon -RRB- .
 Awful to keep clean , noisy , coffee filter door occassionally pops open brewing coffee all over the floor . After having this product for two years , the grinder sticks and it 's difficult to remove it to clean it . Grinder must be taken apart daily and cleaned because the grinder builds up steam and is always wet . Does n't like pre-ground coffee , it clogs everything . Worst coffee maker I ever had . I am going back to having a separate grinder .
 My wife and I hammer our coffee makers pretty hard . After two years of every-day-use , a water leak started to show at the top , right -LRB- where the grounds are kept -RRB- . According to online blogs and reviews , this happens often . Can not fix it.This -LRB- coupled with the fact that the grinder always gets damp ... different issue -RRB- , renders us buying a new one . Sad , because we really liked it.I just looked at Cuisinart 's website ... this item has been discontinued . Do NOT buy .
 I wonder if after all the bad -LRB- true -RRB- reviews the company employees were sent to `` re-review '' the grind and brew . 5 stars ? I think not . The grinder is noisy , it clogs with moist grounds is hard to pry apart . -LRB- try grabbing it by the finger slots and pulling it open -RRB- there are unground beans and wet grounds left in the grinder that did n't make it into the basket.The company wants us to return it to the store . The company spokesperson said the only thing they would do is send me a new one of the same model . No thank you .
 Buyer beware - this machine makes great coffee , as long as it lasts . Ours went two years before it began to leak water and the grinder stopped working properly . Cuisinart refused to do anything , said it was out of warranty . Seems like poor customer service for such an expensive piece of equipment .
 I first purchased this coffee maker 5 years ago and was very excited about all the features such as the built in grinder , permenant filter and thermo carafe . It worked great for a while and then all of a sudden it only brewed 1/2 cup of coffee , even when there was water left to be filtered . At the time , my husband and I lived in a place where there was extremely hard water , therefore , we thought it must be the hard water that caused it to break , so we set out to buy a new one since we loved it so much . Not even 1.5 years later and now living in another house with normal water , the 2nd one is doing the same thing - only brewing 1/2 pot ! For the price we paid , I was hoping to get many years out of this coffee maker . It looks great , has amazing features , but all that is short lived . I am hesitant on even buying the brand again .
 To add to numerous complaints about this machine posted on Amazon , the timer does not work - it blinks lights and the LCD screen and then turns the machine off . Even manual operation is not possible . The machine needs to be unplugged for an hour or so to be usable again . This renders the whole concept of this contraption useless since I can not pre-set it to grind and make coffee automatically , which was the only reason I bought it . Do not waste your money on this poorly designed piece of garbage .
 My husband and I figured this was a great idea , grinder and coffee maker in one . WRONG ! We have had this for less than two years and I am very glad to see that the grinder broke and we now have a new coffee maker . It simply is terrible , every time you want to make coffee you need to wash 9 parts , oh yes , 9 parts ! Did I mention you also have to completely dry the parts that go on the grinder ? So making a much needed cup of coffee became a production every time.It gets worst , after spending the time to wash and dry all the parts , thinking that you will soon have that wonderful drink in your hands , well , think again . The drawer where the coffee is located after it is grinded would , many times , pop open and then all the water and coffee would run onto your counter , then to the floor , and at the end , no coffee and yet , another mess to clean up ... back to washing all 9 parts again ... etc. . Needles to say , not the best start of your morning , especially if you are like me and coffee is your morning mood-enhancer . Just do n't get this , it is a hunk of junk .
 While the DGB-600BC makes good coffee when it 's working properly , the product is prone to malfunctioning . In the past 3 years , I 've had one bean grinder die and another machine leaked water from its base.In an attempt to get some assistance and/or guidance from the manufacturer , I emailed Cuisinart on its own website ON TWO OCCASIONS and have received NO RESPONSE whatsoever .
 I replaced a grind and brew that was a few years old because the front kept popping open.The new one worked once and then died .
 Very disappointed with the amount of cleaning required . And it 's a messy job . Condensation builds in the grinder with each use causing excessive accumulation of ground coffee that sticks to the inside of the grinding chamber and other places . Even whole beans will stick to the side of the chamber . You have to take the grinder out and wash it . Water alone will not do it though . You have to wipe the remaining residue away with a paper towel . Say good bye to clean finger nails . Have owned a few self grinders . None of them came close in maintenance . The basket chamber also has a cheap plastic construction . Recommend against .
 Enticed by all the perks this machine offers -LRB- sleek , efficient , all inclusive it grinds and brews ! , Cuisinart = quality -RRB- we purchased this maker a couple of years ago . Three water pumps later we are in the market for a coffee maker that WORKS . Cuisinart is unresponsive by phone , but if you pay $ 10 to ship their poorly manufactured machine to them , a new replacement unit can be yours . And then you wait a few months and the coffee will not be made in the morning , it will take 4 separate tries to get your coffee OR , added bonus , some mornings all 10 cups of water will be all over your counter and down the fronts of your cabinets.It is awkward to fill and the grinder is better than an alarm clock at waking you.Steer clear of this coffee maker -LRB- and anything else Cuisinart as far as I 'm concerned . -RRB- Buyer beware .
 Had one for 5 years and loved it . Bought another one and it started falling apart within a few months . Cruisart does not answer emails . If everyone starts making junk that falls apart in three months , something falling apart in five months is not ` good quality ' .
 Some what poorly constructed . Looks very fragile . Have not been able to get a good cup of coffee out of the machine . The coffee was very weak -LRB- 1 bag of tea used several times would be stronger -RRB- . You have to turn caraffe more than 90 degrees to get coffee out .
 Capable of a decent cup of coffee , but we have now thrown ours away . Here are a few things you should be aware of :1 -RRB- grind noise - first time I heard it , I thought there was a jet landing outside our front door . Duration is fixed no matter the amount of beans .2 -RRB- lots of parts to clean - two parts for the grinder , the basket , the basket holder , the carafe and its lid ; that makes 6 altogether . with a stand-alone grinder you do n't have to clean between grinds , but the nature of this machine is that a lot of moisture builds up in the grinder , so grinds tend to build up and get caked on .3 -RRB- self-destruct feature - we finally gave up when the machine failed to release the coffee into the carafe , and instead overflowed into the rest of the machine . wow , what a mess . 20 minute clean up job . tried and failed 5 of 7 times . the inside of this machine is not designed for cleaning . it did n't matter whether we were using pre-ground coffee or beans , same results.on the positive , the carafe keeps the coffee hot for several hours , and the beep notification is pleasant - not too loud , not too quiet .
 ... like a lot of people have mentioned the steam does goes back in the grinder and it is inconvenient when you want to make a second pot right away . Also the grinder is loud . Clean up is pretty easy . I just make sure to take everything out and rinse it really well each time . It takes less then 5 minutes . It is really nice that you can remove the top portion of the grinder and just put it under the tap since the motor is in the coffee maker . Also the thermal pot is awesome , my coffee stays hot for hours . I forgot it about it over night once and the next afternoon I poured out what was left in the pot and it was still warm . I could n't believe it . I have not had the pouring problems that others have mentioned . I 've had mine for a couple months now , and love it.UPDATE
 The Grind and Brew coffee maker is not horrible , but it is not good . I have been using mine for about two years , so it is relatively sturdy and has held up well to daily use . The convenience of the built in grinder is nice , however the drawbacks outweigh any benefits the automated feature may give you .1 - The grind is TERRIBLE . There are fine grounds , as well as whole beans left in the grinder .2 - Because there are always a lot of grounds as well as whole beans left in the grinder , they get moist from the steam of the coffee brewing which makes the grinder difficult to clean .3 - The grinder needs to be cleaned after every use .4 - Because of the unevenness of the grind the coffee does n't really taste that great . It 's not terrible , but it is not a lovely fresh robust cup of coffee that you get from a nice evenly ground bean . This is the biggest drawback . I could deal with the daily cleaning if the coffee was excellent .5 - I 'm not sure why , but recently my coffee pot has been ` exploding ' . The coffee goes everywhere but into the pot while it is brewing.Because of this , I will probably replace this machine soon with a burr grinder and separate brewer . I do love to buy whole beans . I was hoping that this machine would be convenient and brew tasty coffee , but unfortunately that is not the case . I have continued to use it because it works OK and I am too frugal to replace a working product , but I would never buy this machine again .
 Steer clear , I ca n't imagine a more poorly designed coffee maker.The product review states `` When the aroma of freshly brewed coffee ... wafts into your bedroom in the morning , you wo n't need your alarm clock . '' The truth ? 1 -RRB- The coffee is brewed into a thermal carafe , so there is NO satisfying coffee aroma and 2 -RRB- you wo n't need an alarm clock because the grinder sounds and feels like a jet rocket - VAAAAAH-ROOOOOM ! The machine is also very high maintenance . There are too many parts to clean and it 's cumbersome to disassemble , reassemble , disassemble , reassemble , etc. . Furthermore , these parts are messy - grounds scatter all about and frequently end up in the carafe itself.There is also no option to circumvent the hideous grinder by starting with your own grounds.The only nice thing I have to say about this product is the fact we got it as a gift -LRB- Thanks , Mom ! -RRB- that said , I ca n't wait to replace it !
 Although I purchased this a long time ago I thought I 'd review it now . Do n't waste your money . The coffee is n't hot , it 's slow , it clogs . Mine broke in less than one year . When I called Cuisinart they more or less said tough . They offered to let me ship it at my expense . They would check it out and then charge me to repair it . Ridiculous considering the price of the maker . They should stand behind their products . I went out and bought another coffeemaker . I have the Mr. Coffee FT series and it 's great . I recommend it . It 's fast , the coffee is hot and actually gets hotter the longer it 's in the carafe . I would n't take a Cuisinart product if they were giving it away .
 We 've had our Grind and Brew for four years now - and we wonder why we still put up with this thing . Perhaps it 's because of it 's sleek brushed chrome design ... it looks good with our other stainless steel appliances and dark granite counter tops . That would be the one star right there
 This is a cool looking machine and works great . It 's a lot easier to grind your coffee in something else that does n't get all wet with steam , etc. though . And the unit is too tall to fit under some counters and still be able to open the top lid to put in the beans and pour in the water . You need a good 24 inches to get this done . The daily clean up ruined me in less than a week . I sold mine used and one week old on eBay .
 Tried 2 times -LRB- sent original back and got replacement -RRB- to see if this coffee maker could produce anything other than tinted water . The answer is no . Plus Amazon did not remove the charges from my amazon credit card -LRB- as they said they would-one hand does not know what the other is doing -RRB- . I waited one month -LRB- they said the credit would show up -RRB- Of course the bill came and now there is late charges and a bad credit report.Not only do I not recommend this coffee maker I also DO NOT RECOMMEND AMAZON !!!!
 I am very skeptical about this product . It arrived 2 days ago and after numerous attemps and even two telephone calls to Cuisinart I was not even able to program the unit . I sense the programming unit is defective . Perhaps I 'm crazy , but , I have actually asked Amazon to return the unit and send me another .
 This machine is not good , it stop working after a year . We stop using it for a month and then it work again but only for two more weeks . This machine is a waste of money
 The Good of this is GREAT . It does require regular thorough cleaning each use , but that 's not as bad as everyone claims . I can now clean all food surface aspects of the machine -LRB- grinder chamber , filter basket , etc. -RRB- while the carafe fills with water for the next pot , but it also needs a one-a-week thorough scrub-down to ensure that ground coffee dust does n't build-up behind the filter basket and around the motor shaft . That adds about 4 minutes per week to your routine . We de-calcify and replace the internal water filter per Cuisinart 's instructions.BEST FEATURE
 Ostensibly the perfect coffee maker for our kitchen ; brushed stainless look , grind and brew , thermal caraf . Oh boy , what a nightmare . We 've had it for 5 years now , it has always clogged up , it is very difficult to clean . The grinder mechanism practically welded itself to the plastic chassis , making it impossible to remove for cleaning . Rougly 20 % of the time it mysteriously leaves 80 % of the coffee on the counter during the brew process . We 're still baffled by how it happens , but it leaks profusely during the brew process . This normally happens on Monday mornings ;--RRB- .
 I love a good cup of freshly ground `` strong '' coffee . If you like strong coffee , this is not the coffee maker for you . It only hold enough bearns to make 3 cups -LRB- 6 ounce cups -RRB- . If you attempt to make more than 3 cups , you best be prepared to get out the tools to take it apart to clean . The coffee grinds goes everywhere except where you can easily clean it up.I currently have this in a box in my garage . It will stay there .
 A friend of mine has this same machine and likes it a lot - So I was very hopeful . However , she 's a TEA drinker , not a COFFEE drinker - that should have been a red flag ! Nothing against Tea Drinkers ... we are just a different breed.I 'll try to make this short and sweet : Pros
 My family 's now on our 2nd Cuisinart Grind & Brew coffee maker . Despite regular cleanings as directed in the manual , after about a year of use , the coffee maker would start to not brew a full pot -- there 'd be 2-4 cups of leftover water in the reservoir . This is using filtered water and , as I said , with regular cleanings with a water & vinegar solution . Cuisinart sent us a replacement coffee maker , and now , close to a year after receiving it , the replacement is starting to have the same problem again.In addition , we 've had problems with the thermal carafe leaking -LRB- coffee comes out under where the lid screws on -RRB- . Or , when the coffee maker has not brewed all of the water in the reservoir from the previous day 's pot and we unwittingly refill the reservoir too close to the 10-cup line , the carafe overflows and we have coffee all over our counter.And , lastly , this thing is an absolute pain in the *** to clean & refill . Instead of just having to clean out the carafe and the coffee basket , with this coffee maker , you have to clean the coffee bean housing -LRB- 2 parts -RRB- , basket , basket lid , and carafe . And , as others have noted , you get a really disgusting coffee sludge buildup around the coffee bean housing after running the coffee maker a few times.We 'll be switching back to a non grind-and-brew model and will definitely not buy another Cuisinart .
 We have this coffee maker at my office , and I have to admit it does make delicious coffee . I love the thermal carafe ... I 'm one of those people that nurses a cup of coffee for several hours , so it 's really nice to be able to `` warm up '' my cup with a little extra hot coffee that has NOT been cooking on a hot plate all morning.However , that said , it is a huge pain in the @ % $ * to clean this thing . The steam and condensation from the coffee brewing seep up through the coffee maker and all the grinder parts , turning the leftover coffee grounds into a thick , wet , sludge that is all over everything . So , unlike a separate grinder that can simply be wiped out with a dry papertowel -LRB- or not at all -RRB- , the thing must be completely taken apart and all the little parts must be hand washed EVERY time . Maybe I 'm just lazy , but that 's just bad design in my opinion . Defeats the entire purpose of the `` ease '' of having the built-in grinder . Why not just have a separate grinder ?? Makes no sense to me.We 've never had any trouble with the carafe getting clogged or overflowing , as some other reviewers had mentioned.I have the Cuisinart DGB-700BC grind-and-brew at home and it is a dream come true . It works simply beautifully , and even stores the whole beans on top of the coffee maker , only grinding the amount you need per batch . You do n't even have to measure . It 's so easy to clean and does not get all funky and gunked-up like this one . For only $ 30 more , I do n't understand why anyone would n't buy that model!I do not recommend this coffee maker . Buy the DGB-700BC !! SO worth the extra money .
 UPDATE
 This product has been a nightmare from day one . We have experienced many problems with it . Not too long after owning it , it began to shut off before it finished brewing the coffee ; we had to continually restart it to get it to brew the full pot . Now , the clock shuts off the minute it finishes a pot . So we have to unplug it and replug it in to brew anymore coffee.We have been taking good care of the maker . We clean it quite regularly , and all these problems have occurred in less than a year . This is something I would expect from a thirty-dollar maker , but it 's unfortunate to have wasted all this money . Even without the mechanical problems , it is a hassle to make coffee with this product . Now , instead of just grinding in a regular grinder and pouring into a french press , we must clean the grinder , clean the filter , dry the grinder with a paper towel before we can begin to brew coffee . Gets to be a little annoying every morning .
 We have had this coffeemaker for over a year and have been truly disappointed . We have finally decided to replace it with a different one . Here are our main complaints : - The grind feature is SO loud - wakes up everyone on the house each time it 's on - It 's a total pain to clean - the little coffee grounds get everywhere in the machine , requiring you to clean just about after every use - The hardware is flimsy . Already the swing out filter holder/cup area sticks and you have to shove it in - it no longer pops out when you press the button on the side . - The coffee is weak ! I might forgive the first couple complaints if at least the coffee was good , but we 've found that it 's WAY too weak for our tasteI would not recommend or buy this model again . Sorry , but it gets a one bean rating from me .
 Although I love the concept of this coffeemaker , it does n't live up to my expectations . Fresh ground coffee certainly tastes best , but the Cuisinart Grind and Brew does n't last . I am now on my second unit . The first stopped working after about a year . As I did n't save the receipt , the `` limited 3 year warranty '' did me no good . And , Cuisinart refused to help.So , I bought a second one . This unit died after 4 months . No , I 'm not immersing it in water or doing anything odd to it . It 's just not made well . Yes , I saved the receipt . However , says `` to facilitate the speed and accuracy of your return , please also enclose $ 10 for shipping and handling of the product '' . Huh ? They made a bad coffeemaker and they want me to pay for both shipping to AND from Cuisinart ? This really rubs me the wrong way . So much so , in fact , that I will probably never buy another Cuisinart product .
 This has been an inconsistent and frustrating machine for me . It 's extremely delicate - get one little thing wrong and you get a terrible cup of coffee . The grounds can get stuck in the grinding section and it 's almost impossible to pull it out to clean it . All in all , a terrible experience . Much preferred my late , lamented Melitta , but they do n't make it any more . eBay , here I come !
 The coffee maker itself is fine , and I like that it brews into a thermal pot so the coffee does n't burn . But the grinder being in the machine is just a horrible design -- what were they thinking?With the grinder in the machine , it gets wet , and any grinds that remain in the grinder stick to it , so after each use , you have to pull the grinder out , and the shoot where the grinds go through , and wash them both . It 's a real pain in the neck.Cuisinart must have realized this after brewing their first pot of coffee in the test lab , but I guess at that point it was too late to do anything but sell it . How aggravating .
 I 've actually stopped using the grinder because of the frequency with which coffee ended up all over counter and on floor ! Also , the coffee tastes great -LRB- I only use Eight O'Clock Columbian and/or high quality coffee shop ground -RRB- but every time I go to pour a cup of coffee , the carafe drips all over my counter . I 'm sure there must be a trick of some kind to keep this from happening , but if there is I have n't been able to figure it out.I 'm an avid coffee drinker and can do without the grinder since I go through coffee very fast and it does n't get stale , but I really ca n't stand the mess anymore . I literally need to clean behind and under the coffee maker every day , and I have to clean under the appliances sitting next to it as well!I have two separate friends that have both the glass carafe model -LRB- and love it but also do n't grind much coffee in it -RRB- and the Cuisinart 12 cup dispenser model -LRB- holds hot coffee in machine and dispenses one cup at a time -RRB- . They 're both very happy with theirs . I think I 'm going to try the dispenser next .
 If you 're looking for a mess each time you make coffee - buy this piece of junk.We 've had this unit for about a year . I refuse to make coffee with it anymore . My wife is reluctant to spend money upgrading but I 've hit my limit with this piece of crap and she 's finally wore out with it too . My sister had the same experience and threw her 's out after a few months . I thought we were safe going with the Cuisinart brand name , but they totally blew it with this one . Clearly they did not test this product well before going to production . As an engineer I appreciate good design as much as anyone , and this ai n't it . It appears the newer models have addressed some of the design failures but I 'm still very skeptical . Stay away from this early model ! We immediately noticed that the bean grinder compartment gets very damp after each use with a thick cake residue you get to clean up each time you grind and brew . There might be a few un-ground beans mixed in for good measure . This can clog your drains over time and make a mess that must be cleaned up for the next batch . Rather than ruin a towel , we consume a paper towel or two wiping it out after each use - great for the environment . This also means wet coffee grounds spill on the counter or sink or floor no matter how careful you are . Consequently , we rarely use this to grind beans anymore - so what 's the point of paying for that feature?The carafe lid began leaking after a few months because the spring valve and ball assembly on the lid stuck . A few months after resolving that issue -LRB- by shaking the carafe lid to make sure the ball is free -RRB- , the machine itself started leaking from somewhere , and the carafe valve sticks every so often . Therefore , we have to wipe up a significant spill on the counter after every batch . The filter compartment drawer is flimsy and must be slammed shut - this is probably where the leak is coming from . Lastly , its almost impossible to see how much water there is in the compartment - which can lead to overfilling and more mess.On the plus side , the carafe does keep the coffee warm and tasty for a surprisingly long time . This is much better than a hot plate which tends ruin the taste after sitting for a while.I strongly recommend you buy a newer model if this is the product you want . Cuisinart , in my professional engineering judgment , owes everyone who bought this early model a refund for unleashing this without adequate testing , quality control , and proper disclosure about the mess involved . I hope they fixed these problems with the new models . Stay away from this early version!To conclude , I wish this coffee mess maker was heavier so I could use it as a boat anchor . Maybe I 'll make one last batch with concrete and get some good use out of this shiny piece of stainless steel scrap .
 About a year ago I purchased one of these . It look good and I really liked the idea of a ` grind and brew ' system . I figured it would save me a step or two in the whole coffee making process.I was wrong.The system has several problems ; -LRB- 1 -RRB- The grinder tends to collect steam after each pot of coffee . The steam condenses and then mixes with the remaining coffee grounds and will gum up the screen that allows the coffee to pass down to the filter basket . The grinder has to be cleaned after every cup of coffee . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The filter swings out at the touch of a button . This was a nice little feature at first , but then the latch wore out and now the basket has to be held in place or it will pop out when the freshly ground coffee hits it . Usually , this is enough to cause the carafe to fill up with coffee grounds and the plastic filter piece to fill up and then leak over the side . Something you really do n't want to see first thing in the morning . -LRB- 3 -RRB- The top of the carafe tends to get gummed up with the finer coffee grounds . This causes the carafe itself to leak -LRB- see afore mentioned comment on leaking and first thing in the morning -RRB- . -LRB- 4 -RRB- So , the unit requires a great deal of cleaning . You have to take the grinder out , the filter basket and filter out , the carafe and its lid out and soap them all up and clean them . While you 're doing this , if you inadvertently hit any one of the 5 buttons on the coffee maker , it will beep until you replace all the components or unplug it . If you unplug it , then you have to go through and reset both the clock and the programmable start time . Annoying and enough to want to roof test the unit all together . -LRB- 5 -RRB- The carafe itself leaks like a sieve when you pour coffee . No matter how slow or fast you pour , coffee leaks out the spout and down the carafe.All in all , I would avoid the ` grind and brew ' systems just because of the number of components that have to be kept clean for the system to work.Now , I just have to find a replacement system .
 1 . Opening the reservoir takes two thumbs and considerable force .2 . A step-like water level indicator is down inside the reservoir and very difficult to read .3 . The grinder fills with condensation and makes a gummy mess with the residue grinds .4 . The grinder has several pieces and is tedious to clean and dry . You have to do so every time you use it . I finally stopped using it and went back to a separate grinder .5 . The grinder sounds like a jet engine and seems to go on forever .6 . The carafe drips all over when you pour .7 . The coffee needs reheating after about a half hour . -LRB- I drink it black . -RRB- Other than that , it 's great . Looks good , too .
 Not only have I never written a review of a product before I wrote one about the Cuisinart Grind and Brew 7 months ago -LRB- see below -RRB- , I now feel compelled to write an update after owning it for 8 months . It has now begun to leak from the bottom . What I find so distressing is that it could be the best machine out there with just a few improvements , but the flaws are so glaring that were it $ 30.00 I would not buy it again . My first review was fairly negative , however , I 've had a while to use the machine . In all fairness , it makes a nice cup of coffee . However , I am having more and more trouble getting the coffee compartment to stay closed , it always leaks from the caraffe and now it is leaking from the bottom of the machine . I do n't even think about using the grind feature anymore . You do n't have to constantly clean a stand alone bean grinder . I 'm not an engineer , but it seems to me that you could somehow separate the grinding compartment from the water compartment by just running the plastic up to the top of the machine or encasing the grind compartment so that the condensation did n't get to the grinder . Anyway , I honestly would think twice before purchasing this machine . My husband liked our old Mr. Coffee better for its consistency.I have never felt the urge to write a review until now . There is nothing to add that other people have not said , however , this product has so disappointed me that I wanted to include another review to the list . This morning was my husband 's birthday . The only thing he asked from me was , `` Will you get me a cup of coffee ? '' Sure no problem , hah !! I had done the `` clean every part thing '' and proceeded with getting everything ready . I did n't overfill the water level and it overflowed , making a 20 minute clean up necessary . We 've had grounds in the coffee for no reason . Normally I research before buying but did n't this time . I decided to take a look and my husband and I just started laughing . We thought there was something wrong with us that we could n't get this thing to run properly . You should n't have to spend so much time on clean up . We joked that the good reviews had come from people who had made the coffee maker part of the family . `` No , it 's not too much trouble . I wonder what old Cuisie wants for Christmas ? ''
 This coffee-maker does so much ! It makes weak , watery coffee ! It grinds beans if you want it to ! It inexplicably floods the entire counter with half-brewed coffee when you are n't looking ! Perhaps it could be used to irrigate crops ... It is time-consuming to clean , but in fairness I should also point out that the stainless-steel thermal carafe is a durable item that has withstood being hurled onto the floor in rage several times . And if all these features were n't enough , it 's pretty expensive too . If faced with the choice between having a car door repeatedly slamming into my genitalia and buying this coffee-maker , I 'd unhesitatingly choose the Cuisinart ! The coffee would be lousy , but at least I could still have children ...
 Have you noticed that the reviews here swing one way or the other ? If you 're used to Maxwell House coffee brewed in a Mr. Coffee , you 'll love this machine -- if you 're used to grinding your own beans -LRB- especially a full-bodied roast -RRB- , you 'll hate this machine.Let me list the symptoms that are a result of the many poor designs of this coffee maker :1 -RRB- very weak coffee
 The first one I owned worked alright for almost a year . -LRB- Was disappointed because it did not automatically grind set # of cups like my prior Capresso . Also it is a big headache to clean . -RRB- In about a year , it started spilling coffee out all over the counter -- I bought a new one on sale and have had it an aggravating 3 months -- just mailed it back after the same coffee spilling out problem . This model seems to be very popular - This popularily wo n't last as people find out they do not last and are very aggravating to maintain . Capresso is far superior but does not make stainless steel with the grinder ...
 I received this coffeemaker as a gift about 18 months ago . It was a major pain to tear down and clean out every day ... but I figured , hey , that 's the price you pay for something so cool . After about a year it started to become more difficult to remove the grinder -LRB- which is necessary for cleaning both grinder and the little chute the ground coffee travels down -RRB- . Now , as others have reported , it 's irretrievably stuck . Out came the trusty old Braun grinder , and I 'm back to grinding beans the night before and using the coffeemaker without the grinder . E-mailed Cuisinart and ... not a word in reply . This is distressing as I own quite a lot of their stuff but will hesitate to buy more.Up side
 This thing is abysmal ! How do I loathe thee ? Let me count the ways :1 -RRB- Hard to clean . The seven removable parts are difficult to cleanm but , except for the sieve basket , can all be put in a dishwasher . But the device itself is an unholy nightmare to clean . Grinds get everywhere ! 2 -RRB- Poor design . The thing beeps if you forget to put the grind assembly in -LRB- even if you are using preground , and have chosen so ! -RRB- but does n't make a peep if you forget the basket cover -LRB- coffee grounds flung in a 5 foot radius all over the kitchen -RRB- or the carafe lid -LRB- coffee , coffee everywhere . -RRB- 3 -RRB- Irrisponsible interface . The buttons make no sense , and woe unto you if you brush up against one while cleaning -LRB- an almost daily ritual , see 1 , above , -RRB- because then it will beep at you and beep at you until you unplug it . THEN you have to re-enter the time , and again , hope to the gods that you do n't brush up agaist some other button .4 -RRB- The counter soaking reservoir . The opeing into which you fill the reservoir is small enough to make a drinking straw seem gaping in comparison . Half the time , the water goes in , the other half , the splash-back douses the counter , which would be fine , if it were on fire , but it never is.I could go on , but do yourself a favor , and simply avoid all Cuisinart grinding coffeemakers . Spend more , spend less , but stay away ! You have been warned ! At the end of the day , coffeemakers do n't make good coffee ; good beans make good coffee . Get a Mr. Coffee and a $ 20.00 grinder . It 's cheaper , works better , is easier to clean , and makes just as good coffee . But stay away from Cuisinart ! For me , it 's too late , but there 's still time for you ! Stay away from this beast !
 This coffee maker is very poorly designed . Each time you use it you have to remove the hopper and clean it . After using for a short time the hopper gets stuck and you have to pry it out with brute force . If you want to make 2 pots of coffee in a row , forget it . I cleaned my pot and tried to clean the hopper so I could make a pot of coffee and could n't remove the hopper . I upgraded to the 900 and it is so much better . It has a lock and unlock feature thats easy to use and you do n't have to clean after each use . You can also make pots back to back vey easily . The pot seems to pour better also . The 12 cup is also a better option . I do n't think that this one comes with the 12 cup option . If you are going to purchase a grind and brew I would recommend choosing the top hopper one . The only bad thing about the 900 is that it is taller and ca n't slide under my cupboard . One more thing about the 600 is that the cord is very short . I could just barely access the hopper to get it out . Most of the time I had to unplug it to get the hopper out which meant I had to reprogram the time if I wanted to use the automatic feature . Both pots had the thermal carafe which keeps coffee hot all day .
 We bought this coffee maker about 10 months ago . Yes , it is loud , but then it has to grind the beans and get the ground coffee into the filter . We can live with that . It has many parts that should be taken out and cleaned after each use , yep , can deal with that too.But , in less than a year we have had the spring and drip stop break off of the filter holder -LRB- it stops the coffee from coming out if you remove the carafe -RRB- and now the bottom part of the grinding cup is apparently getting wedged onto the post when it grinds . This makes the cup incredibly difficult to remove and a real pain in the butt . I 've written to the company twice in the past 10 days , using a form on the Cuisinart web site and have not had one response.So while it looks nice and the carafe does keep coffee warm for some time , we will probably be junking this and switching to a different coffee maker and probably separate grinder . And the new one wo n't be a Cuisinart . A company that does n't respond to their customers is n't worth supporting by purchasing their product .
 I have unfortunately owned FOUR of your Grind and Brew coffeemakers -- three of which , I purchased myself , and a fourth given to me by my father . This is the WORST COFFEEMAKER I have EVER OWNED . It clogs and floods my kitchen on a daily basis . Today , I brewed a full pot of coffee , and only got one mug out of the pot , and the remainder is currently on my kitchen counter and floor . The flooding coffee is damaging my counter tops and my kitchen floors . It is not a defect in my current grind and brew , rather it is a defect in the entire product line . I have TRIED to love your coffee makers . Like I said , I bought THREE of them . I am amazed that a company that generally produces such quality products is unable to produce a coffee maker that does n't flood my kitchen every day .
 I too struggle with the grinder every pot . I even purchased a new grinder thinking that was the problem . It was n't . I ca n't get it out of the machine . I 've had it for three years now , I do n't have any of the other problems , and I love the non drip carafe , but I 'm on to a new coffee maker . I think I am done with the grind and brews , just too messy .
 I have had trouble with this coffeemaker from the beginning . It is hard to clean , and I have a daily struggle to get the coffee grinder part loose from the machine . The latest malfunction is that it brews only part of the water . I have to push the on button three times to brew all of the water through the coffee to make a full pot . I spent so much money on it I wish it was worth it , and now I am shopping for another machine .
 I have had the DGB-600BC for 4 weeks . I use the grind and brew feature as an alarm clock because it is so loud . But that is not my main concern . I am not that pleased with the coffee -LRB- I use a high quality bean -RRB- . Another concern is the cleaning process . It takes at least 5 minutes to clean it after each use . You need to use a brush and soap then you will not be able to get all the grounds out . One good feature is that you can put the parts in the upper rack of your dishwasher , but I do not run my dishwasher every day . I have gotten better flavor from a cheap Black & Decker BrewMaster . The coffee does stay hot , but I do not believe it stays hot for 8 hours as some claim . I usually drink it within 30 minutes and it is beginning to cool down .
 Overall I hate this coffee maker but my biggest complaint is how loud the grinder is . It was so unexpectedly loud , I actually jumped back when the grinder came on . Also the lid is very difficult to move from lock to unlock and vice versa . Also difficult to take off lid for cleaning purposes . Both of these things are enough to make me want to return it ASAP ! You are forced to clean the bean grinder every time because moisture gets in there . The coffee was hot and not too bad tasting , I 'll give it that . After I return this , I 'll probably get the Cuisinart coffee maker without the grinding feature .
 I 've had two of these things and they both leaked like crazy . The first one just stopped working after a year and a couple months . My wife bought another one in a rush for a party , and it started leaking within a month of buying it.Definitely choose another coffee maker .
 This is a follow up review from a year ago . Basically , this machine is a lot of work . There have been at least a half a dozen times when I 've forgotten the lid or made some other minor mistake that resulted in coffee pouring out all over the counter . I also agree with other reviews about the carafe . I always pour my coffee over the sink ; otherwise , there 's always a spill . If you want to be able to have coffee without any work at an instant 's notice , get a super automatic espresso machine . I just got a Capresso C1000 . It makes coffee and dumps the residual grounds into a reservoir . No cleaning . No programmimg . Just get up in the morning and press a button . Yes , it 's expensive , but if you want great coffee and convience , there 's no beating a super automatic espresso machine .
 The product was listed in Good condition ; however , it came covered in coffee grounds , had broken filter , charcoal bag burst open and did not brew a hot cup of coffee . I was to afraid to send the product back and just took it as a loss , will not buy used items on-line again .
 It felt so good to toss this at the transfer center today . What a piece of junk . To start with when it did work the coffee was very weak . It just ca n't hold enough beans to brew strong coffee . And the clean up was such a pain . even if you did n't use the grinder you have to have it in to brew . so even that has to be cleaned every time . Now for the dark side . The basket pops open ether when grinding or brewing . This means you would have to babysit it while brewing . Timer brew ? Piffff And if you read around you will find its known for this ! At the end I found jamming the basket with a plastic fork kept it closed . But then it just died , It would do nothing but beep at me . So after only 4 months it was junk . And I bought it referbed so it was past its 60 day . I 'm going back to KitchenAid , , , , , I never should have left
 We were given this machine and had heard rave reviews . The coffee never stays hot and the flavor is not good , no matter if you use the $ $ $ coffee beans or the cheap ones . The clean up is a pain . The condensation gets in the grinder so it cakes and gets wet and wastes beans . The programing is easy and the noise is loud , but not as big of an issue compared to the pot getting cold after a few hours . We have tried brewing with filtered water and using the charcoal filters , with no charcoal filter and only filtered water and no matter what the coffee just is n't that good . Now we are searching for a new machine ... need good flavor and it to stay hot .
 I was very unhappy with the item because of the missing parts that I had to order and being used I understand that it would look that way , but this one was filthy . I had to dismantle it and clean all parts . I did n't get the manual with it so I had to contact the Cuisinart Company to get one . The coffeemaker could n't be used until the parts that I ordered arrived.I 'm very happy with it now . It 's a great coffemaker.Cuisinart DGB-600BC Grind and Brew . This has been discontinued item from the Company.I 'm usually very happy with the items I buy from Amazon , minus the one .
 I gave this machine 1 star because the carafe does not drip -- and this is important ! However , for a household that brews several pots of coffee a day and likes a good , rich , bold cup of coffee , the Cuisinart Grind & Brew is a poor choice . The grinder does n't have the bean capacity for 10 cups -LRB- however , the carafe is really closer to 8 or 9 six-oz cups -RRB- . WEAK COFFEE . If you grind a batch then turn it off and grind a second go to make a suitable pot , it is STILL weak . Somehow the brewing process wastes coffee . It backs up into the grinder and makes a royal mess . Of course if you want to brew another pot in an hour or two , the grinder has to be hand-dried after you wash it with a bottle brush to get all of the wasted , caked , wet grounds out of the grinder . Now here 's the real kicker that nearly drove my husband over the edge . Say you 've washed the grinder and it 's drying in your drainer so you decide to brew a pot of GROUND coffee , you still have to use the grinder !!! It wo n't brew without it in place ! so all that condensation flows right back up into the grinder , which stays perpetually WET and begins to pool in all the indentations here and there in the grinding chamber . It 's a mess . The coffee us terrible -- even if you use plentiful , bold Starbucks coffee !! Gosh ! We might as well have flushed $ 150 down our toilet ...
 1 . Too much hassle to clean the grinder ... literally a 10 minute process just to `` reset '' the whole thing to make coffee .2 . Carafe pours so slowly you 'd swear it was waiting for you to deposit money first.Skip this thing ... It 's a hassle .
 i recomend to buy something else . you cant see how much coffee is in the pot!does not fit under my upper cabinets even though the dimesions said it did!my wife hates it !
 After reading all the positive reviews on this site , I ran out and bought one as a Christmas gift for my girlfriend . What a disappointment . The coffee tastes like hot water with a brown crayon dipped in it . Why wo n't the machine allow you to adjust the grind size ? Definitely a case of one gadget trying to do too many things and failing miserably . We 're sticking with our old Krups .
 This product , which I think is the worst coffee maker I have ever owned , has been returned . It had some good reviews here - did these folks EVER use the product?Each session of use requires you to do about a 20 minute cleaning session , since the steam makes a grimy , sludgy mess in the grinder , and throughout the interal parts of the unit.Grounds slip past the included filter , and into the pot . Its really tall , so it was hard to even get the coffee and water into the machine for my 5 ' tall wife . The top would n't open while unit was under the cupboards on the counter - it opens UP and so must me moved everytime you want to do anything with it.Shame on Cuisinart for allowing a product this poor to make it through testing.Amazing that such a good compnay could makes such a lousy product .
 There are too many faults with this proudct to list them all . I will stick with the highlights1 . No measurement markings in the carafe . If you can not put this pot by the sink , dont buy it .2 . Awful product to clean - Seven parts to clean per brew ! 3 . Pooring rate is painfully slow4 . Makes a weak cup of coffee with minimal water and a full grinder of beans.I am still looking for the right coffee pot but this product is an engineering/design disaster . If zero stars was an option I would do it .
 I am very dissapointed in Cuisinart . I read the reviews that said it was hard to clean before I bought the machine and I thought - oh those people are just complaining - I can clean anything and it wo n't take me as long as others are saying . Well - everyone who rates this machine very low is right . It makes an incredible mess of coffee sludge . The grind part wo n't even come out of the machine , and I have had the door open many times with coffee and coffee grounds all over my white tile countertops . Try to get that out of white grout!Do not buy this machine . On their website , Cuisinart does n't even give you a number to phone and make a complaint . They just want you to buy their products - with no customer support . I will never buy anything Cuisinart again !!!!!!!!!
 Thats what the coffee looks like after it brews!After many days searching for a coffeemaker I stumbled upon this one at Williams Sonoma , paid more there by the way . Well it `` s going back to them tomorrow.PRO 's , there really is none except if you are looking for something pretty to sit on your countertop for decoratation.CONS , many . This brews the weakest coffee I have ever had . I even resorted to rebrewing the pot it made and still no taste , The coffee comes out a light yellowbrown see-thru color , not dark and rich.The water level is a bit hard to read.Coffee does NOT stay hot for more then 10 minutes , Does not seal shut , had steam coming out in places it never ever should . Clock is impossible to readReady beep , well lets say do n't wander more then 5 feet away to hear it!LOTS & LOTS of coffee grinds ended up in my cup , disgustingThis model should have been pulled from shelfs a year ago .
 This is the worst coffee maker . The BIGGEST problem , is coffee going ALL OVER your counter . This can happen 3 ways ... either it over flows from the carafe because there is a block in the lid , or because it is not sitting in the machine correctly . OR because the door pops open that holds the ground beans . I came online just to write this review after having to clean up an entire counter and floor of coffee 3 times this past week . The only good thing to say is that it can grind your beans and brew at the same time . The bad thing is you ca n't set the timer to go off automatically when you are just waking up , because you risk it overlowing when you are still in bed . DO NOT BUY THIS !
 Yes , take great beans and brew mediocre coffee ! Or possibly wake up to coffee flowing across your kitchen counter and down into the cabinets . Hard to clean and tiresome to look at , the Cuisinart grind and brew has finally lost its place in our house and this morning , after another disaster , our machine -LRB- after only seven months -RRB- is heading for the garbage can . It was hard to clean and never really made a great cup of coffee despite the best ingredients . Programming was tedious and assembly of the parts , water and coffee each evening was simply not what one wanted to do at bedtime . Its vaguely retro stainless steel veneer was impossible to maintain . So it 's back to straightforward French coffee presses for this household - and -LRB- Joy ! -RRB- finally a decent cup of coffee . We 'll be skeptical about future Cuisinart purchases . And trust us , dear reader , you do not want the hassle of this imperfect machine .
 I purchased this coffeemaker about a year ago . Although it 's a little cumbersome , it got the job done . I have used it almost daily . One month ago , a small piece of the grinder cover broke , thus rendering the entire appliance non-functional . Yes , that 's right , even if you do n't want to use the grinder , the coffee maker WILL NOT FUNCTION without that piece . So I ordered another one for $ 10.00 from Cuisinart.com , asked for quick shipping , and waited . After multiple phone calls to them -LRB- no correspondence from their end -RRB- I have learned that the part is `` backordered , '' that many people are waiting for it -LRB- another sign that it 's poorly made -RRB- and that it might be more than another month before I see that piece . Meanwhile , the thing is collecting dust . I have tried to get refunded the price of the coffeemaker , but it 's `` out of warranty '' so I 'm `` out of luck . '' So my recommendation to anyone considering this appliance is look elsewhere . I would NOT buy another Cuisinart if my life depended on it .
 I grind my teeth everytime I use this Coffee Maker . I just recently recieved this coffee maker as a gift . It must of been from someone is extremely mad at me ! I am taking it back today . Within the 2 weeks that I have had this THING , my coffee has over flowed , I could n't get it open and the grinder is a royal pain . I love fresh grind coffee but this thing is a pain . You have to clean it everyday after every use . The plastic top gets filled up with steam and cakes the ground coffee to every little nook inside . This is one of the poorest made coffee makers I have ever used . Do yourself a favor and buy a separte grinder for you coffee !!
 Coffee is good and stays hot for a while . Although I do agree with some others that the coffee is not as hot initially as it could be . The bean grinder does a good job for a medium grind , but the dust gets wet during the brew cycle and cakes onto everything . Lots of cleaning after every brew . This particularly stinks when serving multiple guests and another pot is necessary . As for the button-ejected basket ... this is the killer . After one year the basket will randomly open during the brew cycle and flood my kitchen with coffee . No response from Cuisinart since I am past the 1 year warranty . Personally , I would steer clear from this pot .
 Seattleites appreciate a good cup of coffee ; we are willing to spend the extra buck and go the extra mile for it . With the Grind and Brew , you will certainly spend the extra buck for the machine and you will go the extra mile for your cup of coffee because many steps are required to make a simple pot of coffee -LRB- and that does not include clean-up -RRB- . This would be fine if the end product was worth all the effort . It is ABSOLUTELY NOT!In my opinion , there are two major problems with this coffemaker.First , the grinder has only one setting -LRB- a coarse ground -RRB- , which Cuisinart windedly attempts to explain and defend in the accompanying brochure . The bottom line is that the grinder should have multiple settings and , if anything , a finer setting . Second , the flat-bottom filter is not the optimal design for a heavenly cup of coffee . Perhaps a cone design would have been better.Thus , while it might have been a good idea to create an every-day machine that grinds fresh coffee beans , the idea fails miserably because of significant design flaws . Did n't their R&D ; folks taste-test the coffee from this machine ? If they did , they would have discovered its watered-down qualities.So my question is
 For Kitchen Art , the DGB-600BC gets an A + . But is down hill from there . When unwrapped there were scraps of metal and plastic from the manufacturing process and this was after runnung water 3 times thru the Brewing process.The Carafe must be warmed before brewing.The 6 cups calibrated in the Water Tank is actually a bit over 4 , 8 oz . cups.If a paper filter is not used with the `` gold '' filter , the water passes the grounds too fast and the result is brown water.The door to the Brew Chamber came open and spilled my coffee to the counter top . This requires a person to watch the entire brewing process.Water passes thru the grounds too fast . A common brown paper filter from Wal-Mart was not porous enough and the Brew Chamber over flowed - making another mess.I strongly suspect Cuisinart did not have a Quality Control Inspector in the Factory that made this Coffee Maker .
 This machine is a great disappointment . The Grind & Brew concept is a design failure . As stated in another review , this machine requires extensive cleaning of 5 or 6 parts much more frequently than other coffee makers . The design flaw is that the grinder is filled with steam on every brewing , caking the grinds in every nook and cranny and requiring messy cleaning after every brew .
 Mercifully , my Grind 'n Brew has finally given up -LRB- some electrical problem caused it to cease brewing seconds after starting . It finally died completely -RRB- . Now I realize how much I struggled with this product . Most annoying was the cleaning process . As mentioned in earlier reviews , all brew components must be washed and completely dried before setting up subsequent brewing . The release latch for the brew basket malfunctions , randomly popping the door open , resulting in a river of coffee across the floor.The product brews good coffee but it 's way over the top in terms of user effort to get there.I give it points for being a single process grind and brew and its reliable programming , but I will happily return to my coffee grinder -- which remains DRY -- paired with a simple , programmable coffee maker.I admit that I did use it for years , but I truly regret having purchased this product .
 K. . . here 's the deal . Putting a coffee grinder inside the same housing as the brewing takes place is just plain retarded . Every time you make a pot of coffee , your grinder gets all moist and you have to clean it out in between pots so your fresh beans do n't stick to the sides like some sort of coffee paste . -LRB- I finally gave up using the grinder altogether -RRB- . But , ironically , the carafe is too small to fit your hand into and a scrub brush is n't rigid enough , so the you ca n't clean the inside of the carafe ! Then , the little springy thing that pushes in when you put the carafe into place that allows the coffee to flow into the carafe , and not out onto your countertop along with all of the coffee grinds , intermittently failed to push in . That was the last straw . I donated it and bought a Mr. Coffee .
 The thermal carafe is about the only thing I liked in this machine.It is huge and awkward and difficult to load . There are many pieces to assemble , and they become quickly caked with bean pulp which is messy and inconvenient to clean . The brew basket drain valve often becomes clogged , which simultaneously causes the basket to overflow from the backup while leaving the drain open if the carafe is removed.This morning , I mopped up its spewed hot coffee and grounds from my kitchen counter for the last irritating time . I 'm going back to a low budget Mr. Coffee to remember the little pleasures of using a product the does something simple correctly.The only way this device would ever be worth $ 132 would be if you lived in a zone where you could pack the reservior with sufficient dynamite to blast the thing back to the architectural demon world which spawned it .
 this coffee maker has NEVER made a good pot of coffee . the thermal carafe does n't hold the temperature and the manufacturer recommends that you shake up the coffee in the carafe in order to mix it well ... that 's just insane!buy a percolator rather than this useless piece of junk . it is difficult to clean and that grinder is n't worth bothering with.cuisinart really screwed up on this one !
 We are disappointed in the Cuisinart DGB-6000BC Grind and Brew coffee we recently purchased . We bought two -LRB- one of us drinks decaf ... -RRB- . The carafe is POORLY INSULATED and coffee quickly cools off - having that carafe was one of the main reasons we bought this model . The carafe itself is not very ergonomic -LRB- you need to practically turn it upside down to let the coffee out -RRB- . Also the gold basket filters coffee poorly so that grinds are in the coffee ... the problem , I believe , is that the grinding process grinds too finely . There is no point having the gold basket -LRB- which came with the one we bought -RRB- if it is better to use filters - which we now do . We suggest to Cuisinart -LRB- if they are reading this review -RRB- to change the grinding time . In summary , we like the idea of the grind and brew idea but it needs to be re-engineered so the the carafe is better insulated and the grinds are not so fine -LRB- or a different gold basket filter design . . -RRB-
 There are way too many parts that you must clean after each pot of coffee . Forget about it if you need to make two pots for a large group , it would take forever ! I recommend buying a model that has a separate grinder .
 Though this machine does make good coffee , and the coffee can not get stale , I am very disappointed because it continually breaks down . I 've already had to replace my coffee maker twice -LRB- fortunately Cuisinart did honor their warranty without any problems -RRB- , and now it 's broken again . I give up . I 'm now in the market for a more reliable , and cheaper model . I did n't have these problems with my simple old Mr. Coffee machine . I wonder if they make a termal machine ?? Anyway ... I 've just had nothing but continual problems with the Cuisinart Thermal Grind & Brew machine . It 's definitely not worth what you pay for it . Consider yourself warned .
 Having just gotten this coffee maker last week , I feel I can share my thoughts now . On the plus side , it makes an awesome cup of coffee that actually stays fresh for hours . Tastes like you just brewed it even after three hours . Now that 's something!On the minus side , and this is a biggie for me , is the final temperature of the coffee brewed is appalling . Without having a heating plate and relying only on its insulated carafe , the coffee is simply luke-warm . This is even the case if you select the 1-4 cups button which the manual says `` double heats '' the water as if it were a full pot . I 'd hate to see what the temp would be if you did n't select this setting . Coffee experts will tell you that for the `` best '' coffee , the water pouring through the grinds should be about 160 - 180F . You know , like at Dunkin' Donuts or Charbucks.Every morning , before I add my cream or milk , I have to put my coffee cup in the microwave on High for at least 20 seconds just so the other liquids I add do n't cool it off so much as to be labeled iced coffee . I do n't suppose a heating plate would help , seeing as the carafe is insulated , but there must be some way to increase the water temp setting at the factory . The lawyers at Cuisinart probably said no , do n't need any lawsuits , but if you have used any of their other coffee makers that come with a heating plate , you 'll know what I mean by a `` steaming '' cup of coffee . This is more like a `` great-tasting luke-warm cup of coffee . '' If I had my druthers , I 'd return it , but since I used it , I ca n't . So if anyone from Cuisinart is reading this -LRB- hint hint -RRB- , it would be great customer service to have this replaced by something more suitable for people who think hot coffee should actually be hot.On a side note , I only buy Cuisinart coffee makers because they make the best coffee in my opinion . This new model , on the otherhand , still makes great coffee , but be prepared to have to pop it in the microwave if you are like me and add milk or half & half ; to your morning java . And at this price , I do n't think it 's asking too much to have a piping cup of coffee when you wake up in the morning without a pit-stop at the microwave . When you 're half asleep , this is simply one extra step that is not ` worth the trip . ' On a side note , I used a cooking thermometer after pouring a cup , and the temperature was 140 . I called Cusinart and they sent me a replacement . It now reads 155 . Still have to put it in the microwave , but at least I do n't have to heat it quite as long -LRB- 20 seconds vs. 30 seconds -RRB- . Five stars for the best coffee maker , minus 1 for the high price , minus another for the luke-warm brew , and minus another star for not having a heating plate .
 Received this for a wedding present . 1 year later it began leaking water all over the counter when you filled it up . Triedto contact Cuisinart - they would never reply . So we had to stop setting it up at nite , or else we would have all of that water on teh counter/floor . For a while we just put in more water than needed for the pot and hoped it wentfast . finallygave up and bought a $ 30 machine which is still working great 1.5 years later . . I googled this problem and lots ofother people have had it and had no luck getting Cuisinart to do anything .
 I have waisted my money on two of Cuisinarts machines . The first one lasted a year and a day ! Even before the year was up the carafe leaked . This one did n't even last that long . What were they thinking when they put the grinder over where the steam comes up !!?? By the time you coffee is finished you have a gross mess on your hands and it takes more time to clean it out after each use then it does to get ready for work . I started using my other grinder and turning the grinder off . . Then while brewing , the grinder would come on for no reason , then you could not get it to turn off . . I went out and got a Ham-Beach Brew Station ... OH MY The first one I got was broke , the second one I got the coffee tasted like plastic , nothing i could do to get that taste out of it . . -LRB- so much for all the high rated machines -RRB- I decided on the Krups and it has been a few months now and I LOVE LOVE LOVE it !! -LRB- was rated lower and that is one of the reasons i got it -RRB- So much for `` ratings '' LOLI would not get this Machine EVER AGAIN or any Cuisinarts for that matter !
 My husband and I were thoroughly disappointed with this grind and brew coffee maker . No matter what type of whole bean coffee you use , it comes out weak and tasteless . We are avid coffee drinkers and found the product a waste of money . Who needs weak coffee ? There is apparently no way of adjusting the grinder . It is `` pre-set '' to medium grind .
 I would grind my coffee fresh as often as I could . So for Christmas my husband thought it would be a great idea to get me a grinder and coffee maker in one . I thought what a treat . This has n't been what I expected . The carafe leaks at the top , and if you use already ground coffee you have to clean everything including the grinder . It 's very time consuming . The carafe did n't keep the coffee as warm as I had hoped . I called cusinart several times and finally got through after waiting 45 min . They said they were aware of the carafe leaking . They do n't have any parts for this piece yet so I needed to call back in a month or so.We paid a -LSB- alot of money -RSB- for a coffee pot that leaks .
 Just got one of these for Christmas . It is a horrible piece of junk . Difficult to clean , difficult to use , too many small parts to assemble from dishwasher every morning . You can not make two pots in a row without cleaning and drying the whole thing out . Do not buy this piece of junk and reconsider any purchase from Cuisinart if this is the kind of horrible product they are turning out . This product will make you rethink coffee drinking as the effort to make a cup is so great that it 's better to just quit .
 Worst coffee maker I have ever owned . Ca n't measure water in pot . Have to press buttons for every pot up to 4 cups and another button if do n't want to use grind and brew . But worst part is that I have had trouble with it since the get go . It is supposed to be factory reconditioned but after 3 months has a mind of its ' own . I got mine from Smart Bargains who told me I had no recourse other than to contact Cuisinart . Guess I learned not to buy reconditioned or from Smart Bargains !
 We were happy with this machine at first . Then we started having a problem where the coffee would overflow and spill all over the counter . We returned the coffee maker and got a new one . About 6 months later we had the same problem with the new one . We 're done with this model .
 My mom bought each of her 3 sons this same coffeemaker for Christmas in 2004 . I 'm one of the 3 sons . Anyway , I 've had a couple of annoying problems with it over the past few months . First , the cheap plastic hinge that covers the water reservoir broke off , and I have trouble closing it . Second , and worse , the coffee has not been going into the coffee pot , but rather all over my kitchen counter , and this has stained my countertop permanently I think . Well , I 've cleaned the plastic parts many times per the instructions , yet I ca n't figure out why the coffee wo n't make it into the pot . It seems like a simple concept for a machine to achieve , but it does n't do so properly every morning . So I 've had an awful mess many , many times , yet I 've thought perhaps it would somehow stop doing this . Finally , a few days ago , I called Cuisinart 's customer service group for help and to find out if there was a recall . My first call was disconnected when a rep placed me on hold . Then , when I later called back , twice , my call was never answered.For whatever its worth , I talked to my 2 other brothers , and was surprised to learn that they both threw their coffee maker out months ago , for the very same spilling problem I 'm having . I give up . I ca n't wake up to this problem any more , especially without caffeine yet in my blood . I expected better from Cuisinart . They do n't seem to care about me at all . And my mother wasted a lot of her Christmas money that year .
 I think one has to be skeptical about some of the good reviews on this machine . Every time a negative review is posted , two or thee positive reviews pop up from reviewers who have never reviewed before on Amazon . Please notice that the negative reviews all corroborate each other and my experience was identical to what those reviwers said
 After convincing a new boss that freshly ground coffee beans makes a better tasting coffee , I purchased this Cuisinart Grind & Brew machine . The machine does grind coffee very well -LRB- although loud -RRB- , but not all the grounds are deposited into the drip basket - thus making the coffee on the weak side . I thought it was just the one machine - returned it to the place of purchase for a new one - but it 's the same . I would n't recommend this machine - I now need to grind the beans , open the grinder and physically remove the ground coffee to deposit into the drip basket - more hassle than anything !
 Save your money . I thought this machine would be the bomb ! Its a bomb alright , but not in a good way.I owned a coffee shop for 7 years , brewing countless pots of coffee with a $ 30 Mr Coffee unit , and never had a problem.This unit 's problems
 I will mostly repeat what other customers have stated : Pros-Saves time having to grind beans.-Reasonably priced.-Easy to clean.-It says what it does-grinds and brews.Cons-Typically brews a weak cup of coffee.-This is due to two reasons . One , some of the ground coffee often does not make it into the filter and will remain in the grinder . Two , there is no setting to how fine you want your coffee ground.-The carafe does not keep the coffee warm . By the second cup , the coffee is already luke warm.-Loud grinder that lasts for about 10 seconds . Ensure nobody is on the phone when they are in the kitchen when you turn this beast on.-A BIG PEEVE about this product
 Do n't buy this coffee pot ! I ca n't believe Cuisinart made a piece of junk like this . Here are a few cons :1 . The built in coffee grinder does n't let you grind enough beans to make 10 cups of strong coffee . Either you have to grind it separately , defeating the whole purpose of this model , or you can only make 6-8 cups .2 . The steam from the coffee soaks the grinder , turning it into a muddy mess you have to clean every time you make coffee .3 . The grinder often leaves whole beans inside , clogging up the spout .4 . When you pour the coffee , the carafe leaks , dripping a puddle of coffee onto your counter top .5 . On several occasions I 've set the timer only to wake up to coffee all over my kitchen floor ! Yes , you read right . The coffee often does n't even make it into the carafe . Rather , it leaks over the lid and ends up all over you counter top and kitchen floor . Not what I had in mind when `` waking up to the smell of coffee . `` Do yourself a favor and pick a different model . This one is a lemon .
 My wife and I were really interested in getting a coffee grinder/brewer combination maker and this one looked pretty nifty . We would have preferred to get a combo with a burr grinder , but there were n't many manufacturers out there who made househould combos with burr grinders and the ones we found were very expensive . So we purchased this one.There were definitely aspects about the machine that we liked , like the appearance , the electronic features , the thermal carafe that did away with the hotplate , and we were , actually , able to get some pretty good , hot , coffee out the system , but all in all , the negatives outweighed the positives.The design is flimsy . It 's so difficult to open the top door to pour in the water - that release tab is so weak and flexible - I 'm just waiting for that plastic piece to break off . In order to distribute the pressure evenly on that piece , we have to use two thumbs . The filter door is cheaply spring-loaded , so it kind of does pop open like a jack-in-the-box . The blade grinder has a habit of grinding the beans WAY too coarse , like when we clean the filter out afterwards , many of the bean fragments are still in thirds and quarters ! and there 's NO way to adjust the finess/courseness on the device . It 's so bad that we bought an additional burr grinder . There is a feature on the coffeemaker that allows the user to start the coffeemaking process without having the built-in grinder activate , but even if you do n't use the grinder , all the steam from the hot water rises up though the grinder , so be prepared to wash all the pieces everytime you use the coffeemaker , whether you use the grinder or not . It 's not possible to leave out the grinder pieces - there 's a `` safety feature '' that prevents the machine from operating , if all the pieces are n't in place.Ultimately , we 've decided to return the unit and , for the time being , we 're going to purchase a different , better , coffeemaker without a grinder , since we 're not satisfied with this one and we ca n't find a combo product that we like .
 This machine was a huge disappointment . I am amazed that it was brought to market with its signifcant engineering problems . I returned it for the following reasons :1
 I waited a long time for this model to hit the market and despite many negative reviews , I still purchased it with great anticipation . As much as I tried to love it , the bottom line -LRB- for me anyway -RRB- is that it 's a disappointment and I 've decided to take it back for a refund.I only used the grinder a few times and then gave up on it because of the mess as well as the need to wash and dry thoroughly after each use . The machine forms so much condensation during brewing that there are puddles of water left in the dry grinder cup -LRB- that I 'm not even using -RRB- after the brew is complete.The carafe does not keep the coffee hot for very long even though I pre-heat the carafe with hot water prior to brewing.Last complaint is that when pouring , a lot of coffee ends up on the counter . As another reviewer stated , it happens more with the first pourings . I 've tried pouring slower and even taking the lid completely off , but to no avail.I do have one positive comment though ... I love the way it looks !
 Could never really get teh grinder to grind enough beans to make a decent cup of coffee . Even though you have the option to put in pre-ground coffee , I could still never place enough int eh filter without it making a mess . Most expensive coffee maker I ever bought and I threw it away after a couple frustrating weeks .
 I bought my machine in April of 2010 without doing any research . I trusted the company name and that was my first mistake . The biggest issue with this machine is the constant cleaning . The grinder has to be completely cleaned after every brew cycle - and it 's grimy because the steam backs up in the machine . The water filter also has to be cleaned after every use as well , and the machine completely dried out after every use - or else you get a sticky build up in the water chamber that makes your coffee taste like plastic ! The manual fails to mention how important it is to dry out after every use . Had I known that this machine would be so high maintenance , I would 've bought a simple $ 30 coffee maker . Another family member ended up with the same machine and she skips the loud grinding step but has issues with an extremely slow drip . Cuisineart has not been stellar in their customer service and refuses to replace her machine . They prefer to fix it , leaving her without a coffee maker for months .
 I bought at Cuisinart DGB600BC Grind and Brew coffee machine over a year ago.Cuisinart DGB-600BC Grind and Brew , Brushed Chrome . When it began to swing open during the grind or brew stage I thought it was my fault . After a year of observing , I can report that when it swings open during grinding , you get a coffeepot covered with grinds . When it swings open during the brew cycle , you get a counterful of coffee stains to mop up . There is no cutoff device to stop the machine when these mishaps take place . So you have to stand over it , or take your chances . An old time coffee pot on the stove is more reliable
 The Cuisinart Coffee machine looks good , but is idiotically designed . At 5 ' 3 '' , I am too short to pour coffee into the reservoir without spilling it all over the -- standard height -- counter . So , I set up the rest of the coffee and my husband pours it . Idiotic ! Pouring coffee is a pain , too -- you can pour it with lid on , but it pours REALLY slowly . Remove lid and pour and coffee spills all over . Cleanup is also a pain with all the parts . The coffee tastes fine , however . The other day I put beans in and the machine began to beep out of nowhere . I had to unplug it for awhile , then reprogram . What a pain ! Finally , when setting timer , not that PM comes up first -- completely counter intuitive if you ask me -- so you must cycle through to AM . It was expensive , so I will hang onto it for at least awhile -- unless I throw it out the window because I get pissed at it .
 This was beautiful and sleek and sooooo nice when we first got it for about two years . Pretty good for a coffee maker . Then the caraffe began to leak around the bottom seal that is one inch from the bottom , the grinder stopped grinding early on and the part that is supposed to stop it from pouring when you remove the caraffe to get yourself a cup of coffee drips , leaks and makes a HORRID mess along the counter , day after day , after day ... . It never poured very well as the spout is wide and not sharp enough to cut off the flow as you tilt it up to stop pouring . Very disappointed . My husband did n't tell me any of this until I continued to complain about his spilling coffee drippings along the floor , all under the coffee maker , drips on my kitchen cabinet ... . you can imagine . He confessed , reluctantly that the expensive machine went kaputt a long time ago . So , now I will get a Mr. Coffee machine and not worry about the looks but focus on dependibility . So sorry Cuisinart , I love the products but this one is not , not , not Cuisinart quality .
 I love freshly ground freshly brewed coffee . This is my second Cuisinart Grind and Brew . I had the other one , which wore out , and I forget why I had to replace it , for 3-4 years . This one makes great coffee , but , watch out for the blowout . Occasionally , the basket pops out as the grinder goes off -LRB- no small event -RRB- ... thus spewing coffee grounds and underbrewed coffee water all over -LRB- the counter as well as throughout the machine -RRB- . What a disappointment on Monday morning , you think you did the right thing by setting up the beans the night before , then you are blasted by a hot coffee mess in the kitchen , which has to be cleaned up , so you can make a G-D cup of coffee at 6:00 in the morning . And what a waste of beans . I 've tried to avert this , after a few of these blowouts , by pulling on the basket to make sure it 's locked in place . But there seems to be no escape . The grinder blasts so strongly that it pops the basket out . It ruined my day this morning . I am going to write to Cuisinart -LRB- and send pics -RRB- to alert them of this .
 This has got to be the worst piece of consumer junk ever . Look at the review stats . More people gave this prodcut a `` one '' than gave higher ratings . This is exceedingly rare when you have 600 reviews of anything ! This is for good reason . It boogles the mind how anyone could rate this piece of junk any higher . The problems :1 . Impossible to clean . The grinding basket overgrinds coffee to a powder which is blown into every nook and cranny.Then the steam rises up and turns all that powder into a black mud . You have to clean this thing with a toothbrush every time you use it . The basket holder does not remove , making the job even harder .2 . Cheap quality plastic junk parts3 . Lousy coffee . Any one who knows anything about coffee will tell you that when you overgring coffee it becomes bitter .4 . Very expensive for what you get .5 . Making a 2nd pot takes a half an hour to clean and prepare.I also have a Cusinart Brewmaaster 1200 . It lasted 4 months and burnt out . That makes $ 250 spent in one year for two Cusinart products . One does not work the other is usless.When I started work 20 years ago i bought a $ 14 . cofeemaker from Kmart . It 's still making coffee all day 5 days a week . There is no Cusinart product worth your considreation . It is all high priced junk ! UPDATED : Recently , the spring loaded basket carrier started releasing and shoots coffee and grounds all over the kitchen ! AND the brew stop is now not working . If you pull the carafe out even after it has stoped brewing and beeped the coffee runs out of the basket onto the hot plate . That was enough for me . I bought a Mr. Coffee and a seperate Mr. Coffee grinder . Together they cost less than this piece of junk ! Plus ... the coffee tastes better becuase you can contol the grinding process !
 I received this as a wedding gift and thought it would be the answer to my problems . No more separate grinding . NOT THE CASE . First of all - the coffee is never hot at all . Who likes room temperature coffee ? Next , the cup for the beans is so small it never makes strong coffee ever . When I make a full pot of coffee I fill up the cup with beans and also use ground coffee in the filter . I have had this machine for about two years now and on two separate occasions -LRB- only when company was over -RRB- did I have to go rescue my countertop from grinds and coffee all over it . What a nightmare .
 This makes really good coffee , but cleaning the grinder is a major pain . You also need to clean the lid to the filter every time and it makes a mess taking it off and on . You can not fit your hand inside the carafe to clean it , so I 'm reduced to using a sponge and a pair of tongs to get inside . We 've had this for a little over a year and the grinder is no longer working properly . It leaves half the ground beans inside so I have to turn off the coffee maker , pull out the grinder and empty the grounds into the filter ... put everything back and then turn it back on to brew .
 I have to agree that this coffee maker is less than I had expected . Coffee is lukewarm and for some reason it leaks water onto my counter with every use . I 'm constantly cleaning up my counter top . This is my third Cuisinart coffee maker and once it quits , I 'll not buy another .
 Our Cuisinart is less than a year old and the front panel to open to clean the filter is constantly jammed . The door does not slide in nor will it slide closed without a hard push . Very disappointed with the product considering how much we payed . I 'm going back to a regular coffee maker
 I found this coffee maker to be more of a mess than it 's worth . My cofee tastes better from my $ 12,00 Mr. Coffee machine than from this monstrosity . It 's a nuisance to clean and take twice the amount of time to make cofee .
 Cuisinart has fooled me twice now with their Grind and Brew , but they will not fool me again . The first Grind and Brew was so time consuming to clean , I only used it for about 6 months and then sent it to the basement until I could unload it at a garage sale . I next bought the original Melita Mill & Brew and absolutely adored it . When Cuisinart came out with this model that had an insulated carafe , I could not resist . When I found it at the store , one of the first things I noticed on the box was `` easier to clean . '' I took it out of the box to take a look at it and decided to give it a try . It worked pretty good for a few weeks , even though there are 6 pieces that have to be washed every night -LRB- 7 including the pot itself -RRB- . And then came the first time I pushed the button to get to the basket assembly and it would n't open . That was the night I discovered that the coffee grounds go all over the place , especially in the area of the sliding basket assembly . Now , I have to take a toothbrush every night to clean all of the coffee grounds out of the machine . And this was supposed to be easier to clean !! To add insult to injury , just a couple of weeks after I bought this machine , I discovered that Melita also had a model with an insulated carafe . That 's why I 'm on the Amazon.com site at this time -- to order the new Melita so I can relegate another Cuisinart to the junk pile -LRB- do n't even think I 'm going to try to sell this one to anyone ; do n't want to burden anyone else with this garbage -RRB- .
 This coffee pot was excellent when I first purchased it . The coffee tasted wonderful and it was always hot and brewed quickly . It has n't been a year yet and the coffee takes for ever to brew , there are grounds in the brewed coffee and worst of all the coffee pours out all over the counter . Rarely do you get a whole pot of coffee . It still tastes great but what a mess . It is also very hard to fill the water resevoir with water . Cleaning is a chore.This is my third cusinart coffee pot in 5 years and I will never buy another one from them . They look great work well at first but do not last . I thought I just had bad coffee pot karma but I think its the company . Time to find another brand .
 I bought one after Buying a Hamilton Beach Brew Station to replace the old Mr. Coffee and sepaerate coffee grinder and thermal carafe - basically to save counterspace.The grinder in this machine is much to small to hold enough beans to make a good pot of coffee . And the steam from the brewing coffee makes the remaining grinds -LRB- yes all the ground beans do n't even get to the filter for brewing -RRB- stick to the grinder making a messy cleanup.The caraffe is designed poorly and difficult to pour - ca n't pour out the last half cup unless you want to spill it all over the place . Like the brew station - cofee only stays hot about 2 hours DESPITE the thermal caraffe.More disappointing than the brewstation because it costs so much more . Am going back to my old set up - coffee better , easier to make with Mr. Coffee and stays hot all day in the thermos carafe .
 We have had this maker for over a year and could not really recommed it . The grinder is VERY loud , and can be heard all through the house , to the dismay of those sho do not have to get up early , this can be turned off , but that sort of defeats the purpose . The lid to the pot is very hard to get off and gets harder as time goes on , my wife now has to get me to remove the lid . Cleaning it is another chore , the coffee compartment has to me very clean and very dry or the coffee sticks and does not go to the filter . I am about ready tp go back to a $ 30.00 Mr Coffee !
 I was really disappointed with this product On average I make two pots of coffee a day . This means that four working parts have to be removed and cleaned before each pot . Other manufactures ' products keep the grinds dry so that cleaning every time is n't necessary . This is not something I look forward to at all , let alone in the morning when I am still rubbing sleep from my eyes . Additionally , it is not possible to change the grind setting of the grinder , meaning that I can not physically make a strong enough pot of coffee because I ca n't grind the beans fine enough.I must give credit where due , though . I appreciate a full twelve cup pot , as well as the fact that you have a wonderful carafe design that does n't spill when you pour quickly as does every other model I have tried . I appreciate the workmanship and the general quality of the Cuisinart name , but wanted to give feedback on this disappointing product . I ca n't live with a coffee pot that makes weak -LRB- bad tasting -RRB- coffee and is too much work to maintain .
 Now on my third one of these . Always the same failure modes
 Cuisinart -LRB- DGB-900BC -RRB- 12 Cup Grind & Brew Coffeemaker -LRB- Brushed Chrome -RRB- + -LRB- ED150 -RRB- Bean Vac Coffee Canister ... . Set the automatic timer and then the filter drawer kept popping open when the grinder started ... WHAT A MESS ... grounds spattered everywhere !!! But the worse thing was that the water brewing would miss the pot and there would be water everywhere . Gee the timer function was useless because i would have to stand there and hold the drawer closed until all functions were done ! On another note ... cuisinarts rice cookerCuisinart CRC-800 8-Cup Rice Cooker ... . kept scorching my rice on warm and also would bubble and spatter all over the counter ... they replaced it ! I had the same problems . I threw it away ! Cuisinart ? What happened to your quality ??? Spend a few extra dollars and buy the VitaClayVitaClay VF7900-3 Chef Gourmet 6-Cup Rice and Slow Cooker Pro , Brushed Stainless ... . perfection personified !
 Cuisinart DGB-600BC Grind and Brew , Brushed ChromeThis was a replacement for a defective machine 2 years ago . Due to the mess the grinder makes , we purchased a burr grinder and love it . Now this machine is leaking , leaving a puddle of clear water underneath it with each brew.I have put off contacting customer service due to their nasty -LRB- New Jersey -RRB- telephone reps , who insinuated that the problems had to be my fault , saying I must not be cleaning it correctly , that the defective door that always flew open was my fault , and did n't even attempt to address the issue of the intermittent electrical problems . I had to resort to emails to get help and this replacement , but even then my email address was blocked after I suggested that they should move the cust . service to the midwest , where people are more polite . Too funny !! It 's pretty pathetic when a company 's product ca n't even make it to the warranty expiration before puking !!! No more Cuisinart junk for me !!!
 This coffee maker is difficult to clean . Mold has a way of finding the cracks around the grinder . My filter area often pops open while brewing . The maker continues to drip and makes an awful mess all over my counter . Not happy with this one ...
 ... buy this coffee maker . I have to throw my coffee in the microwave halfway through the first cup .
 Do n't even bother with this product . I bought 2 different machines and returned them both . If the coffee carafe is n't in the exact right position , the coffee leaks down the back of the machine and spills out all over the counter . The grinder is incredibly loud and the beeps when the coffee is finished would wake a bear from hibernation .
 After only ONE YEAR I 'm done with this thing and going to Walmart to buy a cheapie because ... 1 . Grinding device is stuck so ca n't ever clean it again -LRB- hard to clean to begin with -RRB- 2 . Leaks all over my counter3 . It 's not really done when it beeps , so coffee , once again , all over my counter4 . I have to use x-ray vision to see how much water I 'm putting in the thing -LRB- ps - I do n't have x-ray vision -RRB-
 My first one failed in 5 weeks . The clock would reset to three dashes after brewing a pot of coffee . It was replaced with new , even shipped before returned for a $ 10 charge to my credit card . The carafe does n't hold the 10 cup max . You end up with coffe on your counter if you brew 10 cups . The internal grinder works well . Its loud so using it early in the am for that first pot is not feasible unless you want to use it a an alarm clock . The grinder always ends up damp so you constantly need to dry it off . It would have been a better system if they made the grinder insert optional for brewing coffee . If you try to leave the grinder out of the system it beeps at you and wo n't do anything . I assume it is safety feature but it is annoying to clean a damp grinder when you do n't use it . The best feature is the carafe . You put the top on and that 's it . You pour a cup without having to adjust the top and end up spilling hot coffee on you or the counter . It is a little cumbersome getting the last cup out of carafe but a minor complaint . If it dies again I will get it replaced under warranty if the warranty is done I will not get the exact replacement . I will only get a coffee pot and live with a seperate coffe grinder on the counter next to the coffe pot .
 The taste of the brewed coffee is adequate . However , I can not get past the lid on the carafe . It just will not pour . It dribbles . It drips . But does n't really pour . It 's almost like the lid is clogged . But I 've talked to others with this unit and they say their lid works the same way . So I guess I just do n't like a carafe that pours slowly and sloppily .
 I received this coffee maker as a Christmas gift last year . I thought , good brand , high price , ought to be a great coffee maker , right ? WRONG ! The carafe leaks every time I try to pour a cup of coffee - I even called Cuisinart and they sent me a new lid , which only stopped the leaks for about a week . Also , it takes forever to brew a pot of coffee . I prefer my $ 20.00 Braun to this overpriced pice of junk .
 I am very unhappy with the Grind and Brew . The concept I believe is good and it makes fairly decent coffee . However , it is very flimsy , particularly the top flap which must be opened and closed each time you make coffee . Additionally , it overflows in the back if you fill it to the 10 cup line making a mess of your kitchen counter . I also gave up using the grinding option because the moisture builds up inside the grinder and clogs so frequently that it just was n't worth it.In summary , this is not a coffee pot that I would recommend ... unless of course , it was to the neighbor I did n't like much .
 I purchased the grind and brew in April 2003 . It has been the biggest disappointment . The first cup of coffee is hot and after that it is luke warm . Within an hour it is cold . The worst is trying to pour a cup . The coffee runs back onto the counter instead of into the cup -LRB- we pour our coffee over the kitchen sink -RRB- . ...
 If you want a 747 taking off in your kitchen then this is the machine for you . Too Noisy ! Too many parts to clean even when you do n't use the grinder and finally the timer malfunctioned and I sent the machine back . Amazon was great and gave me a complete refund . I would strongly suggest the CAPRESSO brand . It has a coffee maker with an attached grinder that does not get wet . I bought the Coffee Tec with the froth express and it is terrific . I would pass on this machine .
 My husband and I received this coffeemaker as a wedding wedding gift in 8/04 . He is the type of person who loves his coffee , and can not imagine starting the day without it . At first , when we were still enamored with our shiny metal coffeemaker , we nicknamed it Rosie , because we thought its side profile made it look like Rosie the maid from the Jetsons . Well , Rosie has just been fired . I personally gave up using Rosie at least a year ago because I could n't stand the labor-intensive cleanup that I felt was never sufficient , no matter how much I tried . Also , there 's a strange method of pouring the water in -- you have to stare down into its dark insides as you pour and see whether the water has covered the right amount of `` steps '' with numbers -LRB- indicating cups -RRB- on them . The light in the kitchen has to be just right in order to tell if the water has covered the step or not , and if you over-pour , you have no recourse . Plus , you have to move the machine to the front of the counter while you do this so you can peer over the top -LRB- annoying -RRB- . But even more importantly , every morning as my husband and I get ready for work I live in dread of hearing him say , in a pained voice , `` oh no ... '' because I know that 's the sound that means Rosie has somehow overflowed with hot coffee and grounds all over our counter . Then he has to clean up the hideous mess , clean all the parts -LRB- which are hot -RRB- , and start all over again just to get his morning coffee . It 's an instant way to cast a bad mood over the day . On occasion it 's even happened twice in one morning , but then it will go for 1 or 2 weeks without incident , so clearly he knows how to operate the stupid machine . Yesterday was the last straw , and he finally dumped Rosie in the trash . We are now on the lookout for a new machine , but are understandably gun-shy from this experience . DO NOT BUY THIS MACHINE . You 'll be sorry . You 're much better off with a cheap Mr. Coffee like I had in my dorm in college .
 I , like others , have always believed the brand name Cuisinart meant high quality . I 've found no better food processor , blender , or immersion blender . The Grind and Brew , however , is probably the worst coffee maker I 've ever owned . It is impossible to clean . The steam from the coffee maker backs up through the machine , gunking up the grind basket . The basket does not hold enough coffee to brew a strong pot , and the caraffe does not keep coffee hot . The first cup is fine , but after that you have to heat it up in the microwave to get beyond lukewarm . The brew basket also will occassionally not catch completely , pop open during brewing and spews grinds and hot water all over the counter and floor . Then there 's the top of the caraffe that clogs up and does n't allow the brew to enter , also spewing grinds and hot coffee all over the place.I 've owned this machine for 2 years - given it more than a fair chance . I 'm using my french press more often now , and would prefer a $ 20 Mr. Coffee Machine to this one.J . Williams
 We have had ours for less than a year . The pros and cons are as follow : Pros
 I love the idea of freshly grinding your beans for the best possible taste . And this coffee maker does a good job in all but one respect . The water that goes through the grinder to flush the ground beans into the filter invariably leaks down around the shaft of the grinder into the housing sometimes to the extent that it also runs down behind the carafe . It is a pain to clean the unit up every time . I contacted Cuisinart on the web and was surprised by a telephone call from a representative . I explained the problem and asked if it was common . The answer was no , but when I asked for a new grinder it turned out they were on backorder . Hmmm . No problems , but all grinders used up.Anyway , in a few weeks a new grinder appeared in the mail . Unfortunately , it looks just like the old one and leaks just like the old one . So , if you do n't mind a nasty cleanup every time you make coffee or if you can just live with coffee in the housing , this unit makes good coffee .
 The caraffe lid leaks coffee when it is poured . I have to hold it over the sink to pour a cup of coffee.The grinder and all the other parts have to be washed after each use . Washing and drying the grinder is inconvenient .
 Let me start off my saying i am a coffee snob , and have never made coffee before in my own house because I 'm a Starbucks addict and do n't trust myself to make good coffee . But I 'm tired of running out every time I want some coffee . Ok , here goes
 The brewer works well but the grinder is poor quality . It wastes a lot of coffee by grinding coarse instead of medium . To get good coffee you have to put in twice as many beans or it is too watery . The desing flaw is getting the coffee from the grinder to the brewer . This is done in this machine by air blowing it thru a coarse filter . Buy a separate brewer and grinder is my advice .
 The grinder is outrageously loud -LRB- like and air-raid siren ! -RRB- . So , do n't even think about using this in the morning , which is , unfortunately , when most people want to use a coffee maker . Even if you do n't use the grind feature you still have to clean 7 pieces every time you make coffee ! What a pain ! And if you forget -LRB- or do n't have time -RRB- to clean it , when you realize it at bedtime , setting it up for the morning , you have to clean AND dry all seven pieces before you can even start to set it up . I returned mine and got a Capresso MT500 -LRB- Consumer Reports recommended -RRB- It costs less , has the thermal carafe and makes excellent coffee with almost no clean-up .
 I purchased a DGB-600BC grind and brew about a year ago and wish that I did not . While the overall performance , interms of coffee quality , etc. is good , the inconvenience of using this dwarfs the benefits.Key Shortcomings :1 . With a full pot of coffee , carafe ALWAYS drips coffee down the side and onto the counter2 . Moisture flows up into the grinder mechanism , meaning that it must be cleaned every time -LRB- failure to do so will mean a BIG mess3 . When using pre-ground beans -LRB- not me preference -RRB- , must be careful not to use more than 10 tbs of the water will overflow - makes it impossible to make strong coffee from pre-ground beans when making a full pot.Bottom line - you 're MUCH better off with a good stand-alone grinder and quality coffeee maker than with this one .
 Do n't buy this coffee maker . I have one . It is awful . Water condenses in the top and makes the grinder clog , creating a big mess . The problem is compounded by the fact the pathway from the grinder to the filter is crooked , so the grounds accumulate there causing blockage . The mechanism that holds the coffee filter is spring loaded and sometimes comes unlatched , resulting in a GREAT BIG MESS OF WATER COFFEE GROUNDS RUNNING DOWN YOUR CABINET . If they 'd let me rate this thing a zero star I would .
 I was very sad to return this coffee maker . I love the idea of a grind and brew unit . After a year of problems - the basket popping out mid-brew , getting stuck when I wanted it to open , and finally , coffee brewing OUT of the pot and on to my kitchen counter and floor ... I called Cuisinart . I read the serial number on the bottom of the unit to the customer service rep who told me that it was under warranty for three years and to return it to place of purchase . I did .
 We had to return this machine after trying for several days , without success , to make a decent cup of coffee -LRB- thank you Amazon for supporting returns when the product is just not up to snuff -RRB- . I wish I had looked at other reviews on Amazon before buying it . It * is * true that it is not possible to make a strong enough cup of coffee . It tastes like it was made in a diner in the Mid West -LRB- no offense intended to anyone who likes that type of coffee -RRB- . The cup that holds the beans is simply not large enough to make a strong cup of coffee for more than 2 people . The grinder * is * very noisy , although I believe I could have learned to live with that -LRB- by simply not being in the kitchen when it grinds -RRB- . And to add insult to injury , the coffee is cold after about an hour . We even tried putting hot water in the thermos in the morning before making a pot . Even if it had kept the coffee hotter longer , this would not have been a solution for us since we like to set the coffee up to brew before going to sleep at night .
 This was a bad engineering idea from the start . Naturally , the grinder involves dust and the boiling water involves steam -- the two combine for a sticky mess that needs total cleaning of all surfaces within the grinding unit -LRB- 2 parts -RRB- , the channel between the grinding unit and the grounds filter , and the grounds filter itself -LRB- 3 parts -RRB- . If you do not totally clean each of these parts between each use , the grounds will clog up the machine and either result in watery coffee or coffee mess all over the place . Likewise , if you fail to totally dry each of these surfaces before each use , moisture will cause the grounds to stick to the grinder and your coffee turn out as light brown water . We have owned this unit for a month , rarely get a cup of good coffee , and have to do a total tune-up -LRB- i.e. toothbrush -RRB- in order to make this thing work right . It really is so much easier to just grind your coffee the night before and set the clock on a more traditional brewer than it is to risk combining the processes with the grind-and-brew . We may keep this unit and use the option of inserting already-ground coffee into the filter the night before , but the carafe is opaque and poors slowly , and the water reservior in the back of the brewer is dark and hard to see into -- so I often need a flashlight to see how much water I put in . Chances are , we 're buying a traditional timer brewer and writing this off as an expensive mistake . Sorry for the tirade but hopefully it will keep you from making the same mistake .
 This is a good looking machine with too many cons , however :1 -RRB- 4-5 parts need to be cleaned after each use , no exception2 -RRB- it uses way too much coffee -LRB- compared to my old Krups -RRB- . The reaons
 Got this coffee maker as a Christmas gift a little over a year ago . At first , it seemed to work fine , and I even wrote a very nice review here . But I have had it with this coffee maker . The Brew 'n Pause feature does not work . You remove the caraf , and it just keeps right on pouring . About every other time , it overflows the basket , spilling coffee and grounds all over the counter top . You have to watch it like a hawk right after you start brewing coffee in case this starts to happen . Kind of defeats the purpose of having a timer so coffee is ready when you wake up!Stay away from this overpriced piece of junk . It took me more than a year to accept this reality since I paid so much money , but I finally unplugged it today and said enough !
 Everyone save your money . We have own 3 of these cuisinart coffee pots and they are not worth the aggrevation . The first two of an older designed burned out . The last one is redesigned but be prepared to spend quality time with your brewer cleaning it . Coffee `` gunk '' builds up from the steam to keep the door from closing not to mention that there are several parts that have to be cleaned each day . The coffee is not any better then their less expensive brand without the grinder . Save yourself the aggrevation and buy a $ 10 grinder .
 Like everyone else , I was so excited to purchase this machine . What a tremendous disappointment ... to have the weakest , most plastic-tasting coffee ever . I hated everything about the machine . The design is awful in that you ca n't see how much water you are putting in unless you shine a light down inside the chamber . I wo n't address the cleaning/steam build-up issues , as everyone else has mentioned them . Bottom line , I took the coffeemaker back after trying for one month to make it live up to its brand name . I pulled my old faithful Braun out of storage , apologized to it , and am once again enjoying coffee -LRB- rather than lukewarm brown water -RRB- . What was Cuisinart thinking ??
 This product created enormous messes !!!! Bad functional design , was probably NEVER prototyped.The grinder needs to be absolutely clean and dry even w / steam -LRB- from brewing -RRB- gets all inside the grinder . Grinder never sends coffee to the filter.The coffee pot -LRB- on the thermos -RRB- valve gets stuck and over flows -LRB- all over -RRB- . The coffee pot needs to positioned perfectly to accept coffee from above .
 We have owned this coffee grinder/brewer for two years although we DO NOT use the automatic grinder portion . We still grind our beans in an external grinder and add them to the Cuisinart filter basket because ; A -RRB- using the Cuisinart automatic grind creates a big mess inside the grinder portion so in order to keep the grinder function working as efficiently as possible , which it is not anyway , so needs to be cleaned between uses . Time lost washing and drying the parts.B -RRB- not all of the ground beans end up in the drip basket after going through the grind process so there is almost 10 % loss of ground beans that do not make it out of the grinder mechanism and just stick on the parts , so this adds considerable cost to your coffee.C -RRB- the grinder is extremely LOUD . This thing howls ! If you set the automatic timer to go in the morning , you will not need to set your alarm clock -LRB- maybe even the neighbors too !!! -RRB- You get about 30 seconds of a screaming grinder as this thing kicks off ... Other than those issues the coffee brewer is good . The carafe keeps coffee warm for a couple of hours after it 's brewed .
 Although a very convenient kitchen appliance , and sporting some nice features , the cleaning and preparing the machine for a few cups of coffee requires a lot of steps . The least liked feature is a very short life span
 As others have stated this coffee maker is a pain . It sounds like an airplane is taking off in the kitchen when the grinder is going ! It is very , very messy and a pain to clean every time . Worse than that , as I have unfortunately found out , is that their customer service is terrible . The first time the machine broke down I just returned it to Costco and they did n't have any problem with giving me back the purchase price , no questions asked . When I went to buy another , they were out . After driving 50 minutes to my nearest Costco , I returned home empty handed . I then ordered one online , paying the shipping fees . When that one broke down 6 weeks later -LRB- YES IT HAS BROKEN DOWN TWICE IN ONE YEAR -RRB- I called the Cuisanart company only to be treated so rudely it would take me too many words to tell it all . Larry was so rude and treated me like a child instead of a customer . He even HUNG UP on me ! Even after speaking to a manager I am still so disappointed and really quite angry ! So , I will NEVER buy another Cuisanart product again !
 Others before me have written about the poor points of this brewer . Neither my wife or I are mechanically inept , but , we never did get this thing to make a cup of coffee . Yes , we filled with water , plugged in , set time/date ground coffee read instructions umpteen times , closed doors 45 minutes later still no coffee . reboxed and going back asap.Looks great , works lousey .
 This is the typical cheaply made plastic coffee maker , hardly worth the price unless you are more concerned with appearance than quality.There are no less than 7 parts to clean after every pot of coffee , what a pain!Makes better coffee than the Melita grind and brew even without the adjustable grind -LRB- but requires more beans -RRB- . The Melita left a plastic taste for a year and promptly broke once the coffee started to taste good.Unit comes with a great thermal caraffe that keeps coffee warm for HOURS without getting too strong.Scott 's Opinion - Go with a separate grinder and quality brewer , or get the Melita , suck it up for a year and be really careful with the fragile little plastic clips and catches .
 My wife bought this coffee maker for me from Amazon about two years ago . Since then , I have been through the original coffee maker plus two warranty replacements from Cuisinart . Each time , it would seem to work fine for a few months , but then it would start leaking water , then make sparking sounds , and finally it would spew electrical smoke everywhere . This last time I gave up and tore the thing open ... . you can see the results under `` customer images '' unless Amazon removes them.Cheap , dried-out rubber water hoses connected to the resistance heater by cheap clamps result in water being spewed directly onto the exposed electrical connections.Why did this same problem occur three times in a row ? Maybe because I only use it on weekends and the hoses were drying out during the week ? Maybe they sent me two re-furb units as replacements that already had partially dried-out hoses ? Who knows ... . just stay away from this cheaply constructed and poorly engineered waste of money . Cuisinart should be ashamed of themselves for charging $ 150 .
 I accidentally dropped the carafe and broke the handle . I went to the Cuisinart replacement part website , but no handle available . I called customer service to find out if I could purchase just a handle , and they said they do n't offer just handles . I would have to replace the entire pot -- at a cost of $ 48.00 . How convenient for them -- they make a really cheap handle and do n't offer it as a replacement part . This is the last Cuisinart product I will ever buy . In addition , it does n't pour well -- I have to remove the lid every time to pour a cup of coffee . Also , the grinder is a pain to clean -- coffee gets into every nook and cranny .
 The decanter for coffee is designed so poorly , that the coffee comes out extremely slow . There is an inside lip in the decanter that creates a 1 '' rim that the coffee must travel over before coming out - thus a slow process . If the decanter was a normal one , I would give this coffee maker a 3 out of 5 stars . The other bad thing is it is a little time consuming to clean the grinder after each use .
 Coffee makers with a built-in grinder are a good idea . I bought this one to replace a Toshiba model that served us well for many years and made great coffee . In the Toshiba the grinder was in the filter basket allowing you to control the coarsness of the grind by setting the grinding time with a little spring-loaded timer . This Cuisinart has separate grinder and filter basket so the grinder has to blow the ground coffee into the filter basket as well as grind it . Because of this , you have no control over the grind . You also have more parts to clean . Other pros and cons of this machine are well stated by other reviewers . Bottom line
 This was by far the worst coffee pot I have ever purchased . At first it made fabulous coffee . However , things just never worked correctly after 3 months . It would n't continuously brew a full pot of coffee for whatever reason . It was an arduous task to clean it . It was a great day when I got rid of this coffeemaker .
 Sheesh - those product designers/R & D ; teams ... Well , shame on me for not reading these reviews and getting sucked into the beautiful design and CONCEPT of this machine . It 's gon na cost me in return shipping fees , but at least Amazon 's return policy is cool ... lesson learned.So here 's our take ... We used top of the line beans - so much texture and layers of flavor . I 'm the coffee maker in our family and am skilled enough with my bean grind/water level ratios to create a fabulous cup of coffee at home -LRB- I used to work at a coffee house -RRB- . But that involves the 2 step process of using a grinder and a brewing method . However , it also provides CONTROL over the process . I loved that this machine could do the whole deal in one fell swoop . But they did n't provide enough CONTROL over the creation of a great brew ! And is n't creating a flavorful mouthful of anything an art ? And does n't art require the artist having good tools and CONTROL over their project ? Alright , alright , I 'm passionate about great coffee ... Okay , here are where the problems come in :1 st and most importantly
 When this coffeemaker was out as a new product last December 2002 , I was so thrilled and ordered it quickly thru Chef 's Catalog because it provided a thermal carafe and a build-in grinder . I love the sleek look of this coffeemaker . After using this coffeemaker for a year , I sent few emails of frustration on lukewarm water I get for only 2 cups of coffee . They said that it must be defective on my coffeemaker and suggested me to send for an exchange . But , I decided to look thru people 's reviews . Yeah , I see that they do complain on same problem I have . But , this coffeemaker does make piping hot coffee if you pour more than 4 cups waters . It is ironic that this coffeemaker has a button for 1to4 cups . I even used the method to warm up the carafe with hot water under the sink , it still does n't make coffee hot . I have to gulp it in few minutes or I 'll have a cold coffee . It is not a relaxing drink.One other con is cleaning the grinder basket and cap on the top . When you grind the beans , it leaves the dust on the bowl and cap . During the making of coffee , the steam will go thru the grinder and caused the mess to stick on the grinder basket and the cap . You have to take all and rinse in the water and leave them to dry up or wash them in soapy water . It is too much trouble !!! Guess what ? I got a full refund credit on this coffeemaker thru Chef 's Catalog . Wow ! Even , after a year ! I am relieved that I do n't have to sell it thru Ebay or whatever . I decide to buy Cuisinart 4-cup coffeemaker with stainless steel carafee and Delonghi Grinder -LRB- one that I can leave beans in and grind as few as 2-3 tablespoons -RRB- . My husband said , `` Yes , I notice that it makes big difference with water . '' Now , we have a great hot coffee !!! I assume that if you drink few cups , buy small coffeemaker . Good Luck with your decison !
 Looks nice , great combination of features . That 's how we all get conned into buying this piece of junk . Worst coffee ever - like it came from a vending machine . Flavor was poor no matter what I did , with beans or pre-ground . Coffee was not hot . Adding milk made it easy to immediately gulp without burning . It is the messiest thing . Steam and grounds everywhere - needs to be disassembled and cleaned each time . And the mechanism that holds the filter is clunky - it needs two hands to close , and it pops open like a jack-in-the-box . Coffee grounds splash over the filter and into the coffee pot - do you like grounds in your coffee ? I do n't . And forget about sliding it under your cabinet , it is way too tall . Oh , and the coffee pours out so slow you 'll fall asleep waiting for your cup to fill . And you need to tip it upside down for the last 3 cups which is awkward and drips . Who designed this , Daffy Duck ?
 I received this coffee maker as a gift and am glad I did n't pay anything for it . If I did I would return it for a $ 20 maker . For $ 150 I think it should bring the coffee to me in bed . Not only does it not do that , it actually has some major problems : - Makes really weak coffee ! I have to use double the beans for it not to taste like warm water , which is twice as expensive -LRB- are they in cahoots with Starbucks or Peets ?! -RRB- . For 4 cups I almost fill the grinder so I do n't know what I 'll do when I have guests and need to make ten . The grinder will certainly not be able to handle it.-Coffee is not hot enough . Once I add milk it 's lukewarm within ten minutes . I 'd take a heater over this thermal thing in a heartbeat!Seriously , for that much money it should be beyond perfect and yet it has major problems ; my $ 20 maker did me much better . I wo n't give it up because it looks nice and was free but if you want good coffee I would avoid this coffee maker and just get a cheapie . You will not be happy with this at all .
 I bought this coffeemaker at an auction , got it for 22 dollars . The fact that no one else bid on it should have been my first tip that it was n't as great as I thought it was going to be . But I was convinced that anything that had the cuisinart name would have to be great , and I had seen this pot in the deptartment stores for as much as 179 , so I leaped at the chance to buy one so cheaply . Got it home , fired it up with some of my favorite beans and it made a really good pot of coffee . It was loud , and after the pot had brewed cleanup was a chore , but for a good cup of coffee it was n't much of a price to pay . Before bed , I loaded the grinder , set the machine for the next morning thinking that I was going to wake up to a freshly ground , freshly brewed cup of coffee . Instead I woke up to coffee and grounds all over my kitchen . I cleaned the pot , examined the door made sure there was nothing interfering with the opening and closing of the basket door and started all over . Little did I know it was the beginning of a trend . The door popped open with such frequency that I did n't use the timer after a few tries . When I used beans and the grinder I stood in front of the machine and held the basket door closed until it would begin to drip . Also the lid on top popped up almost as frequently , which of course would stop the brewing . But ... as long as the coffee tasted good , and it did , I put up with the malfunctions.Then about 6 weeks ago the coffee started tasting horrible . An awful burned plastic taste . Nothing I did improved the flavor . I had kept it clean , ran vinegar thru it on a regular basis and I can not understand why the taste changed so radically . So I ran out and bought a Krups , which promptly leaked water all over the kitchen after a week . Now I am using a Faberware perculator . The coffee is wonderful . Much better than anything I have managed to brew with any of my old drip machines and as it is all stainless steel , for the first time in probably 30 years , I am drinking coffee which does n't leave a plastic aftertaste . I put up with the bad design , the malfunctions , the mess of this Cuisinart much longer than I should have . It is a shame that it was even put on the market it is such a poorly designed , poorly operating machine . The only good thing about it is the carafe . It kept the coffee hot for hours .
 Looks great , makes great coffee , the grind is really loud , but it just does n't keep the coffee hot !! After 15 minutes the coffee is cold . The carafe is the only item which trys to keep the heat . There is no hot plate . They recommend to fill the carafe with hot water and let it sit to heat up the carafe then make your coffee . But I set a timer in the morning to not have to do steps like that . Horrible , I returned it .
 We got this coffeemaker seven months ago and purchased it for around $ 100 . I read the Amazon reviews and was not swayed by the complaints of a loud grinder -- I have to get up in the morning anyway , so why not a loud grinder . And it IS LOUD -- kind of like having a small engine plane in your kitchen . It is a cantankerous machine
 WHERE DO I START ?! My first Cuisinart coffee maker was the `` coffee on demand '' model . It quit working about 16 months after purchasing . Cuisinart replaced . The replacement quit working after 24 months . Cuisinart would not replace as the warrant only covers 3 years from the original purchase . They basically do n't make a product that can last longer than three years so the 3 year warranty guarantees you will have a working coffee maker for 3 years -LRB- less the time you have to be without while shipping back and awaiting for the replacement -RRB- . If Cuisinart stood behind their product , the warranty should start over with each new coffee maker especially for warranty replacement . This would encourage Cuisinart to make a product that would last at least three years . Now , my experience with the model above . Had always wanted a grind-and-brew coffee maker but usually they are quite expensive . Found the model above on sale for $ 100 . Decided I would give Cuisinart another try , despite my bad experiences with the `` coffee on demand '' model . Bought the model above and after only 3 months it has now quit working . Use the coffee maker 5 days a week and clean it thoroughly after each use . The coffee tastes great , but I bought a $ 20 Mr. Coffee machine back in 1989 and it still works but I gave it to my neice when I bought the pricey Cuisinart . Another thing I do n't like about this model is that it has a heating element but it does n't stay on after the coffee has brewed . While it has a thermal carafe that is supposed to keep the coffee hot for a long time , if you are making a full pot of coffee and do n't drink it immediately , the coffee becomes luke warm at best . For people that use cream , the coffee will be completely cold after adding the cream . Am sure Cuisinart designed the hot plate to shut off this way so the coffee would not get scalded , but still . If I am having guests over , the coffee needs to be served hot , not cold or luke warm . Another problem is the design of the carafe . It is practically impossible to pour the coffee into a cup and not spill it , especially when the carafe has that last cup of coffee in it . Once you turn the angle of the carafe sharply downward , some coffee splashes , maybe from the decanter lid and misses the cup . This is my own fault after having such a bad experience with the first Cuisinart and then I read bad reviews before buying this product . Most of the complaints on the grind-and-brew model were about difficulty to clean . Knew with the added grind function there would be more pieces to clean . After getting this model , cleaning it did n't bother me . My biggest complaint is that it just does n't last . Let me be unequivocal
 I was very excited to purchase my new Grind and Brew . However , as previous reviews have revealed , it is not the product Cuisinart promised . It is now in the garbage and I am looking for an exceptional machine . My problems included :1 . The coffee was not hot . Lukewarm is a better description .2 . The system was VERY difficult to keep clean .3 . The beans were usually damp because of a poorly designed location-above the brewing area .4 . The plastic pieces were not sturdy . I ended up replacing the grind compartment plastic pieces after they broke 2 different times . There is a long clear piece that pushes into another . They break .5 . The basket swung open numerous times ... brewing coffee and hot ... er ... lukewarm water sprayed over my counter ... huge mess each time . Imagine the contents of an entire pot being spilled over a countertop .6 . The water level gauge was difficult to read . You have to rise up on your toes , look down into the well to read the level .7 . The microchip blew after one year . At that point , it beeped and no longer made coffee . It could not be reset or repaired as ... it was out of warranty.If you are considering buying this machine , RUN in the opposite direction .
 I 've been using this for three years running now . Making a pot every day . The coffee is still good , the coffee is still hot . I have replaced the carafe as it took on water as somehow the seal broke and lost vacuum . The replacement carafe works fine.I have had the door pop open about 5 times , so I do n't use the timer . When the door pops open , you shoot coffee grounds everywhere and create a huge mess of coffee and ground everywhere . If the door is going to pop open , it will do it right when the grind starts , so if you manually hit the button , you are right there to slam it shut.My latest issue is the grinder mechanism . Mine sometimes wo n't come out . Strangely , the lower part of the grinder stays firmly in the unit and does n't come out , I 've had to pry it loose with two spoons to get the grinder out . This happens for a while , the it is OK.The coffee is still great , yes there are lots of parts to clean , the carafe might pour a bit slow , but keeps coffee hot.So with a vacuum loss and new carafe required as well as the newer issue of the grinder not coming out - is this what one would expect for a three year old coffee maker ?
 I almost returned this machine , and sometimes I still wish I had . Here 's a quick rundown of the pros and cons.Pros-Great tasting coffee -LRB- once you figure out how to measure how many beans to put in the grinder -- hint
 I loved Cuisineart 's thermal coffemaker so much that I bought two more carafes . After two uses , they each leaked -- the gasket between the plastic handle/collar and metal pot failed . CUISINART REFUSED TO STAND BEHIND THEM , REFUSED REPLACEMENT , REFUSED REFUND ! Two months later , the carafe that originally came with the coffemaker failed the same way . I have some very expensive useless junk !
 Here 's what you got ta do EVERY MORNING or night before bed if you want to make fresh ground coffee . First take out the grinder apparatus , there is a clear round disk with uniquely difficult to clean crevices caked with water-saturated coffee grounds . You ca n't get in there with your fingers so maybe a butter knife and a paper towel is best . Then there is the canal which is a curved tunnel full of crevices caked with partially ground beans and still more saturated coffee grounds . Then there is the grinding bowl with yes , even still more coffee grounds -LRB- The bowel is round so it 's not difficult to clean - ie . you can just use your hand - no butter knife needed . The rest is just like making regular coffee.But here 's the thing about the mop
 I would strongly advise to not buy a grind and brew machine . It is too loud , sounds like an airplane taking off , has way too many components and is difficult to clean , does not keep coffee warm enough and is hard to pour from the karafe.Just grind your beans where they are away from moisture and use a normal coffee pot .
 This coffee brewer is a nightmare . It is very messy and impossible to clean . Always gets very nasty after every pot . The grinder is full of messy wet gunk after every brew.I hate this stupid thing!I am ready to throw it out and have only had it since summer .
 I love to have freshly ground coffee every morning . So I bought my first Cuisinart grind and brew coffee machine , about 4 years ago . I have gone through 4 different models of Cuisinart grind and brews each lasting 1 year !!! I used to think that Cuisinart was a great brand . But their grind are brew coffee makers are JUNK !!! My fourth one just broke a few days ago , I have had the same two problems with each one of them . Either the pot itself leaks , or the burner stops working . I am currently in the market for a new brand of grind and brews , if you have any suggestions let me know !!!
 What a waste of hard earned money - do not buy ! I could have lived with all the extra cleaning everytime I used the coffee maker but the leaking of water all over my counter was the last straw . I could never figure out where the water coming from . I would fill the water and the water would just leak out .
 It 's a very nice looking coffee machine , but it always leaves a mess . The filter pops open while the coffee is still brewing , it over floats quite often and you end up with a lot of coffee grinds in your coffee
 Sleek , compact design with the built-in grinder and flat-bottomed coffee basket . Carafe is easy to use and unlike some thermal carafes works well keeping the coffee hot . My only design complaint is there 's no external fill indicator , making one look inside the water resevoir to try and figure out how much water is there for partial-pots . Not very user-friendly ... And when will someone in the coffeemaker design industry figure out that adding little glides or rollers on the botton of the unit would be a blessing for moving it in and out from underneath the overhead cabinets ?!! HOWEVER , the point of a coffeemaker is coffee ... and the coffee tastes terrible , very bitter and rather weak . I 'm returning mine .
 I have never spent this much on a coffee maker and I regret that I did not listen to the warnings in other reviews . During the first 3 weeks , the machine overflowed and leaked 3-4 times ... including during a dinner party . The cleaning of multiple parts is an inconvenience and makes me think twice about making a pot ... but this would be bearable if not for the unpredictability of the leaking . The pot needs to be set up PERFECTLY or you will have a mess . I like strong coffee but you can not put too many scoops of beans in the grinder or it will overflow . This is a pain when making a full pot.I have a 12 cup Cuisinart and loved it but wanted a grinding machine so bought this one ... big mistake . The coffee is decent when I make a partial pot , but I cant make it strong enough for a full pot or it will overflow . I am switching to the one cup Keurig system .
 If you like a great cup of coffee , and love spending lots of time cleaning and maintaining a coffee maker , then this product is for you . I would not recommend this machine to anyone , and I am taking my time here to discourage people from buying it . It has too many parts that need to be cleaned every time you make coffee -LRB- the internal grinder gets steamed up in the brewing process and gets caked with thick coffee muck -RRB- . In addition , a coffee tar build-up coats the entire inside of the machine and causes all the little mechanisms to stick . For instance , the button release for the filter gets jammed and you have to reach up underneath to pull it out manually . I also had the same experience as one of the other reviewers when during the grinding process , the filter door popped open and brewing coffee spilled everywhere . The grinder also gets stuck in the machine in the coffee sludge . To keep the machine in working order , once a month , I find myself scrubbing it with a toothbrush under running water -LRB- not recommended by manufacturer -RRB- . Also the carafe spout pours at a snail 's pace , so you have too unscrew the lid anyway . Like I said earlier , it makes a great cup of coffee , but this grind and brew should have been engineered and designed better , especially with its high price tag .
 Buy this one only if your hobby is cleaning up coffee grounds and spills for about 30 minutes a day . This morning , the front door popped open during the grind cycle and blew coffee grounds all over my white counter tops and floor . This is a regular occurrence . This also happened in spite of the duct tape wrapped around the machine to hold it closed . Avoid this coffee maker ... run for the exits ... call in the experts for an exorcism . -LRB- Need I say more ? -RRB- I Have taped this Cuisinart to the top of my outside garbage can to serve as mute testimony of lousy workmanship and design . The garbage man may not even take it !!!
 We are on our second Grind & Brew machine because we love the taste of the coffee , but the product is a piece of crap . The grinder stopped working on our first machine . On our second machine , the basket drawer pops our midway through brewing so coffee spills all over the counter . We actually have to keep an elastic band wrapped around it to contain it . The coffee is full bodied and delicious , but this is a disaster in your kitchen .
 i agree with the reviewer who 's tossed the jug on the floor several times ... have only had this a week and wish i 'd done my research before ... would n't have invested in this . i have no problem with the sound of the grinder -LRB- which is no louder than a regular , separate one , i find -RRB- , but have to take the lid off the jug to pour , otherwise the coffee just trickles out . also , yukky used coffee grinds build up after each use , so yes , you do have to take everything apart to clean thoroughly . it also does n't stay very hot at all and needs to be drunk straight away -LRB- i like my coffee piping hot and am always sending it back at dunkin donuts for being lukewarm ... urgh ! -RRB- ... you definitely should heat the pot first and -LRB- i googled `` how to make the perfect brew '' -RRB- someone suggested using tap hot water instead of cold , as the machine ca n't heat it sufficiently . i tried this today and did n't notice any difference in the taste or temperature.frustrating and perhaps cuisinart should stick to food processors ... but as long as you 're ok with it being a bit high maintenance , i think the coffee is ok.once it 's broken though -LRB- or i 've broken it deliberately ! -RRB- , will go and buy one of the fancier pricier machines .
 This Coffee maker is great for the first 6 months then the basket keeps popping out and the coffee pours all over the place . do not buy this one
 I 'm glad to see this model has been discontinued.It worked positively great for the first year and a half . Then it started shutting off mid-brew . We have reached the point where we have to restart it 3 or 4 times to make a 8-cup pot of coffee.It is a frustrating endeavor as a consumer to purchase products with very short functioning life . Price has no bearing on quality -LRB- friends with a $ 2k coffeemaker from W-S have had the same issue . -RRB- I 'm really glad I only paid $ 60 for this model at a crazy New Years Day sale . All electronics are garbage these days . Besides being out the money to purchase , you have the added frustration of things breaking at inconvenient times , and then the time spent re-researching products and repurchasing expenses.At this point , I 'm considering getting a french press . My experience definitely wo n't have me back to purchasing another Cuisinart model.Two stars because it was great during it 's short duration .
 We were given this coffee maker as a gift for Christmas , and it has been a sad disappointment , indeed . The carafe will keep coffee lukewarm for six hours , and the coffee maker brews at a temperature a little hotter than lukewarm . So ... if you enjoy stale , lukewarm coffee ... this is the system for you ! I drink my coffee fresh and hot , and it 's not possible to get a hot cup of coffee with this system . At the price they charge , they should have made the brew temperature adjustable , but they did n't . I 'm sure someone at Cuisinart thought he had the brew temperature right , but that is a matter of personal preference . For example , some people think America should be a Marxist nation , and I do n't . Do you see how diferent people sometimes are from each other ? Sadly disappointed .
 HIGH maintainence ! Must clean several parts every time you make coffee . Occasionally the door pops open while brewing and coffee and grounds go everywhere . Takes 2 scoops more coffee to make a pot than my Capresso . Would not recommend !
 We 've gone through a couple Cuisinart Grind and Brews , both were junk . They need to be cleaned completely between uses and they are a pain to clean . They begin to leak after only a couple years and then need to be replaced . The door with the basket will occasionally pop open half way through the cycle so you can wake up to coffee all over the counter . This coffeemaker is a total waste of money . We acquired a Melitta Mill and Brew that is vastly superior but it does n't appear to be available anymore , pity .
 My new coffee maker is a big disappointment . First , the high maintenance grinder has to be completely washed and dried between uses . Second , it uses at least 25 % more coffee beans to get the same taste as my old coffee maker . Third , about once a week the door to the basket pops open and I wake up to coffee spewed all over the counter !
 We got this coffeemaker as a wedding present and used it for a little over a year before I finally got fed up with it and got a new one . There are two major flaws . The first is that a lot of steam goes into the grinding compartment which means it has to be cleaned between each and every pot to keep it from getting all gunked up . Also if you do n't use the grinding portion it still has to be occasionally cleaned because the steam collects in there and it will eventually mold and mildew if not cleaned . The other flaw is that it just does n't get the coffee very hot . If you like cream in your coffee you will have to nuke it . The flavor of the coffee is fine , but the design is very poor . They need to redesign it so that the steam does n't get into the grinding portion and ditch the thermal carafe for a standard glass one with a burner .
 Fool thing got me twice . Had the first one over 2 years when the buttons started acting up . Would n't turn on , then it would . With grind off lit up the grinder would still start up - COMPLETELY ON ITS ' OWN !! Seriously , when both of us , being the only ones in the house , are upstairs and the coffee grinder goes off -LRB- loud process , unacceptable first thing in a.m. -RRB- it 's a bit disturbing . However , really enjoyed the great taste and thermal carafe worked superbly , most especially when pre-heated yet still good when not . Figured we could put up with the oddities considering the cost of the machine and great coffee . Of course it finally quit and Yes , I was dumb enough to purchase another one . This last one worked for a few months just fine then would only brew on the programmed button . Few months later , only with the On button . This morning , not at all . So we packed up and went and bought a percolator . Came home and this Cuisinart was just finishing the brew cycle . Fine by me as I had fresh and tasty coffee while I cleaned the new percolator . Just too much $ $ to continue purchasing . Unfortunate AND sad in that -LRB- and I wo n't go into the long drawnout stories on this -RRB- Cuisinart truly DOES NOT CARE !! A quality coffeemaker Should last many years with proper care . This product Does Not .
 became so frustrated with cleaning this device I tossed into into the garage last weekend -LRB- OK -- maybe I `` tossed it '' a little too hard . I 've had two of these , and on each one the plastic grinder which holds the beans becomes , after a few months , stuck on the motor spindle . Not just stuck , but permanently adhered . Pliers worked for a few weeks , and then they would not even work to get the grinder off for cleaning . A new plastic part was duly purchased , and installed . This worked well for exactly two pots , until the second bean holder became irremovable stuck on the spindle . If you buy one , good luck , but we will not by another Cuisinart coffee maker !
 This coffee make is shiney , pretty , and classy . However , when it finally decides it is done , watch out ! Get out the towels ! I 've gone through 2 of these -LRB- I honestly thought it could n't happen a 2nd time -RRB- ! But , after working well for awhile , something happens and coffee leaks all over the counter , into the cabinets , onto the floor . Great awakening to this ! Definetly do n't recommend Cuisinart for coffee makers !
 I 've had one for some months . While I love its functionality except that there 's a HUGE downside -- DAILY cleanout of the chute from the grinder . The instructions say '' '' `` periodic '' '' '' '' but that 's false . I was told by Cuisinart that I needed to use less oily -LRB- light roast -RRB- Arabica beans . That made NO difference.So , if you do n't mind daily disassembly of the coffeemaker do buy it .
 Although the press has a timer , I found that it does not operate as expected . It does not seem to reset quickly after opening , so i ended up timing myself.I like that it can be stored on it 's side .
 iron is extremely hot on outside , requiring extra caution with use . batter sticks to iron even after coating . pizzelles are way too thick .
 I purchased the Cuisinart Pizzelle Press today and have been very upset with it . Think if your worst waffle making experience -LRB- batter leaking out , burning yourself , waffles sticking , etc -RRB- now multiply that by 1000 . You need to use crisco or Pam spray each time you pour batter on the maker but they still stick . It is an absolute mess . I am talking nightmare ! Just as I was beginning to get the hang of it the lock down latch broke off . I had to laugh or I was going to cry . This piece of garbage is packed up and being brought back to Bed Bath and Beyond right now . It is just not worth the hassle ! Buy some yummy pizzelle at your local market and be done with it !
 Not worth it . I had the old pizzelle machine for over a decade . Even using the recipe that came with it or the old one , the taste and cooking degree is horrible . I 'd like to send it back . I even kept the box because I am so disappointed . I used to make them for parties and none would be left . Now some are left over and the main complaint is the cooking/taste/texture .
 I did n't have any complaints about this pizzelle iron until it broke . The little plastic latch that closes the iron while it 's baking broke off and the thing became useless . I only used it around holidays maybe once or twice per year for a few years before it broke . Hardly got my money 's worth .
 Please do not waste your money on this . I had an old pizzelle maker that was my mothers -LRB- over 50 years old -RRB- and I or my mother never once had a problem with it . I thought that I would like to get a coated one -LRB- easier to clean -RRB- so I ordered the Cuisinart . Keep in mind that I only make pizzelles on holidays and during the second year , the latch broke off -LRB- which is plastic and should not be -RRB- . Since I had a 3 year warranty , my husband called them . They said that we would have to pay $ 10 for them to send us a new one and another $ 10 to send the old one back . We were furious ! Then I called another rep there and she waived the first $ 10 fee , but we still had to pay to send the broken one back . I will never again buy anything from Cuisinart . If you want a pizzelle maker , make sure that it has a metal latch , not a cheap plastic one .
 This press must have been defective . It took much longer to make a pizzelle than was suggested , then it very inconsistent in the amount of time it took for each one . They always stuck , even with cooking spray and extra oil added to batter . The little measuring device was too small to get a full sized pizzelle.Now I do n't know what brand to buy . Very frustrating and disappointing experience .
 Bought this in December 09 and have used it four times with good results . Stopped working mid-batch today 10 months later . Really dissappointed in the quality of the appliance !! Would definately not recommend .
 This unit worked pretty well until the locking latch broke off and it ca n't be repaired . Now we must hold it closed with our fingers while hot steam comes out . It was only used once a year at Christmas , so it probably had a total of 6 cookie making sessions before it broke .
 THE VERY FIRST TIME I USED IT SPARKS CAME FROM THE BACK OF IT AND THE BOTTOM PLATE STOPPED WORKING .
 Just purchased item and after making the 3rd batch of cookies -LRB- made 4 days after 1st batch -RRB- , latch on maker melted and broke . Very surprised by returns and comments that Cuisinart did not correct this problem . If it wasnt for this problem , item would of received 5 stars . Cookies were great and I did return the item . Will purchase better made machine and will `` listen '' to the reviews next time .
 On the 2nd day of use , on my 2nd batch , the indicator light stopped working , & it totally does not work anymore !!?? It claims to have a 3 yr warranty , but the cost to ship it to them because of it 's weight , and the warranty stipulation to send $ 10.00 does nit make th effort worth it ! Very disappointing , especially being a Cuisinart brand item ! I had to throw away to batches of batter I had already made !!
 This piece does not make traditional pizzelles . Get a VillaWare or Cucinapro . They work better
 I did not care for the Cuisinart Pizzelle press . The cookies came out too small & too thick .
 The only thing I do n't like about this press is the spitting it does off the sides and sometimes the steam gets you when opening it but not always ! Overall a great little machine!waUPDATE : This was the 3rd time I used the machine and the latch broke . Part of it melted and I was looking at it and the latch melted right off . I now have to hold down on the top part the latch closed on and that part is also feeling a little weak also . I am very disappointed . It is n't like I used it a lot . I used it 3 whole times . What a disappointment !!!!
 I purchased my pizzelle maker in August . I opened it and read all directions this morning . I mixed up my batch of batter ... I actually doubled it for the holidays . It smoked obsessively . I read in the directions that it is normal for it to do that . The red light was on and the green one never came on . I put the setting on 1 because I like my pizzelles kind of light . I put batter in and closed it ... 25 seconds later those two cookies were burnt black to a crisp . My next two cookies were only left in there about 15 seconds ... they were burnt to a crisp too . The next two cookies would n't cook . I waited and waited ... all lights went off -LRB- no red or green -RRB- . Finally I realized that the whole thing had powered off somehow . I checked my outlet for power . I also unplugged the pizzelle maker and plugged it back in again . It is completely dead ! So now I have a double batch of batter and no pizzelle maker ... and to make matters worse ... I have no idea where the receipt is ... I am headed upstairs to look for it right now . It sounds as if other people have had more luck with this pizzelle maker than I have . I definitely wo n't buy another one of these ! : - -LRB-
 When I mixed up my first batch of pizzelles I used the recipe in the booklet provided . They were horrible , not thin at all , very cakey . So I went to my tried and true recipe that I got from Mama Leone herself and I had used this recipe with her iron many many times for super thin crispy pizzelles . Not with this iron , they also came out thick . They are also smaller than what I am used to . Very disappointing and I am returning the iron . This may have something to do with the thickeness of the cookie but the latch can be hard to pop up when the cookie is done , very flimsy and I can see this breaking down the road .
 I received this item as a gift and was super excited to use it . Unfortunately , it was a disaster . No matter what I did , the batter stuck . It was such a mess . I tried two different batters and each had the same result . Needless to say , I was disappointed and it 's going back . Apparently the VillaWare is the way to go .
 Yes , melted . The clasp that closes it melted and I felt it was no longer safe to use . I was n't using it an insane amount either . Cuisinart said they would consider replacing or fixing it but I had to pay shipping both ways . The shipping would have cost more than the cost of the machine ! I was not impressed . I am looking for a new one but definitely not one by Cuisinart .
 I am disappointed in this . It sticks every time , even with non stick spray . I 'm not happy at all .
 This appliance was a disappointment . I used it last Christmas and got it out to use yesterday . Made six pizzelles and refused to heat up after that . Tried recycling it eight times -- no luck . Buy a real pizzelle maker and do n't waste your time and money on this `` made in China '' version !
 I waited a long time to get one of these pizzelles and I wanted a Cuisinart one . I have had it for 9 months and it was great . I wanted to make several batches for Christmas and the latch on the pizzelle broke right off ! . I have called the company and emailed them several times and they wont get back to me . I also noticed on their site that the only parts available for the WM-PZ2 is the dowel and the plastic spoon ! So . . now I know why they wont get back to me ... and there was a warranty but I guess I can throw that out the window along with this machine . Please ... when you buy one , pick a product that has a parts department and you can get all of the parts for the item . I have purchased many of the Cuisinart products but will now purchase the other brands instead .
 Please be careful when you order this . It is not as it seems . It makes SMALL pizzelle 's not the two large that you would expect . It is VERY poorly made , and I do not expect this one to last . I purchased this to replace my old one that was my mothers . It was 25 years old and finnaly gave out , after millions of cookies were made . This one barely closes . If I did not need it for this week , I would have returned it . I should learn , you get what you pay for .
 fear ... I have nothing to add ... but you will find many other better products for sure ... just search before you chose this one
 Item is $ 33.00 - they want $ 22.50 Shipping - I do n't think so ... No thank you
 THIS IS THE WORSE MACHINE I HAVE EVER USED.THE BEST THING ABOUT THIS PURCHASE , WAS THE PLASTIC MEASURING SPOON
 I 'll bet this is a a dandy pizzelle maker but I ca n't say for sure since we have yet to see it -- I gave it one star ONLY because the program insisted I do something in that space . I 've ordered it twice but DHL ca n't seem to figure out how to get it there . -LRB- and yes , I 've double and triple checked the address ... -RRB-
 I had this pizzelle press for 1 day , along with my original cast iron one . Making these cookies is very time consuming , especially if you double the batch as I do . I fugured , if I got a 2nd iron , I could get done in 1/2 the time.I sprayed both irons with non-stick spray , then heated them up . Started making cookies on both irons , and , all cookies produced on this new iron stuck , and were a mess when you tried to pull them off the iron.After 10 minutes , I unplugged it , let it cool , put it back in box , and threw out in trash.I 'm on the search again for another maker , but my preference is the cast iron one , rather than non-stick .
 But mine quit heating the fourth time I used it and now I have to hunt down a place that will repair Cuisinart - $ 40 is too much to pay to toss it out . I 'm very disappointed .
 This is not a real pizzelle maker . Get the VillaWare or CucinaPro.They make a much better cookie .
 My wife bought this last year . The latch broke this year . They ca n't send me just a latch -LRB- about a 10 cent part -RRB- since it 's made in China . They have to send me a whole new machine . They want $ 10 to send me the new unit and I pay for sending the old unit back . NOT ! After I blew they waived the $ 10 and I can send the old unit however I want . Buy a product that you can get parts for . Not this one .
 Beware of the quality of this product . It broke within 2 minutes after I used it . It did n't even boil the water once ! Besides , the electric cord is way too short . It has to be placed very closed to the outlet .
 I trusted that Cuisinart was a reliable brand with better-than-average products . Oh how wrong I was !!!! I was excited to have that timer feature , so I could smell the coffee brewing while I was getting ready in the mornings ... And imagine my disappointment -- no , horror ! -- to discover that the spring-loaded basket that holds the ground beans has now decided to POP OUT while brewing ! Meaning , that I now get to hear the coffee spilling onto the element and sizzling there -LRB- and I mean the whole darn amount -RRB- , while dripping off the counter and into the floor . Lem me tell ya , I am SO not in the mood to clean up such a mess first thing in the morning , and then have to start ALL OVER just to get a cup of coffee . I 'm tossing mine and going for a Bunn .
 Like a Jaguar , this coffee machine is an overpriced pretentious pile of junk . The bits of metal , glass , and plastic that were used to manufacture it were worth more as base commodities . If you are lucky it might do the job it portends to do , but will do it poorly . If you buy one the probability you will have some kind of problem is very high . In the end you would be better served by buying a Hyundai.Lets begin with the grinder mechanism . It does a very poor job at grinding the beans . You will find bits of beans that were never fully ground stuck in the top . After its done , steam rises to the top of the assembly and will make a mess of the powdered beans that never made it down to the hopper . You will have to use about 33 % more beans with this device for a given strength of coffee given that the grind is so coarse and the amount of grind that never makes it down the hopper.The entire complicated machine and assembly has to be thoroughly disassembled and cleaned after every use or you will begin to notice off flavors in the coffee . Water also seeps underneath the grinder piece and you have to clean under there too . There is a metal plate with holes in it at the bottom of the hopper which makes the cleaning difficult.Also , the spring loaded door that holds the filter basket after some time will begin to refuse to snap into place.Today I just broke the carafe after two years of owning this pile . My machine is Grind & Brew model no . DCC-490SA , and I ca n't even find a replacement carafe anywhere . Such support ! I guess nobody wants to keep this thing around long enough to replace the carafe !
 Believe the bad reviews . In addition to being difficult to clean , the front door has popped open on several occasions while it was brewing . This caused a HUGE MESS all over my counter and floor , consisting of wet coffee grinds and hot water . Very frustrating . BUY SOMEONE ELSE 'S COFFEEMAKER !!
 This coffemaker has several nice features and looks nice on the counter but the inherent design is lacking . Rather than grinding and brewing in the same basket -LRB- like the the Melitta -RRB- the Cuisinart grinds the coffee and throws it into a separate basket . This results in some coffee remaining in the grinder and being wasted . It also makes it impossible to adjust the grind level so a lot of the beans fail to be ground fine enough . No matter how many beans I use , it is impossible to make a strong cup of coffee . Plus , each time you use the coffeemaker , there are at least five items to wash . Get a Melitta instead . It 's cheaper , easier to clean and makes a superior cup of coffee .
 I 've had this model for about 4 years now and stopped using it after a few months due to the weak coffee and the mess you have to clean up everytime . I moved to Germany for a year after this and packed it away . Coffee in europe will make you hate the weak result from this model even more!After returning , I decided to give it a try again and this time have come to a better way to use this maker with better results . I no longer use the integrated grinder , I find it grinds to course and that mixed with the reusable filter allows to fast of a brew leading to weak coffee . So now I grind with my old grinder , get a nice fine grind , then use a good ol' fashioned paper filter . I get much better results , albeit not great still . So , now its just a regular coffee maker again that was overpaid for.Now I have to deal with the problem about the constant burned coffee I get due to the hotplate running to hot I guess . I was thinking of getting a stainless carafe for it , but it costs $ 50 on amazon - I do n't even know if this is compatible . So , now its time to get a Mr. Coffee with stainless thermal carafe and for $ 50 . I 'm sure it will make good coffee too.Sorry Cuisinart - stick to food processors and ice cream makers - not much to screw up there .
 I purchased my first 500 in complete faith of the Cuisinart brand . I have three other kitchen products by that company and they work great . I should have known there was a reason why there are more than 50 negative reviews of this coffee maker.It is very poorly designed . I have had two go bad in less than three years - the length of the warranty . I will admit that Cuisinart has replaced the machine twice , but the last time was a real hassle.It is obvious that they know they have a disfunctional product . The lady who answered at customer service asked numerous questions about how I was using the machine , in an overt attempt to place the blame for their poor product on my use habits . When that failed , she tried to tell me the reason why my machine was no longer completing a grind and brew cycle , while spewing most of the water out on the countertop and steaming up the front of the machine , was because the `` cleaning cycle '' was not being reset by me.According to her , the coffee maker has a sensor in it that `` knows '' when I have decided to run a vinegar-water mixture through for decalcification and it is waiting for me to unplug the machine so it can `` reset '' its cycles . Give me a break . They have obviously given the cs folks a page of BS to read to those who call complaining about this particular device.Don ' t bother spending your money on this badly designed hunk of junk . I will use the new one they sent me until it fails - I estimate 4 to 6 months , based on past experience - and then I 'll trash it for a better machine .
 I received this product as a gift for Christmas in 2003 . I replaced the first unit in April of 2005 . The grinder became difficult to remove and the coffee pot stopped percolating water . Cuisinart replaced the first unit , but I paid for shipping . In March of 2008 my second unit failed . There is a small leak in the plastic seam near the front of the pot . I have already purchased another coffee pot.Grinding your beans before brewing will likely improve the taste of your coffee . I have even purchased this pot , or the stainless version , for friends and relatives as gifts . However , I would never purchase this product again.If you have convinced yourself to spend this amount of money on a coffee pot , buy a conical burr grinder instead . The benefits of a conical burr grinder far out weigh the benefits of a blade grinder . The conical burr grinders cost a little more than this pot , but they are well worth it . After the burr grinder , get a cheaper pot or French press.This pot is nice for getting a consistent flavor if you are making a full pot . Cleaning the pot EVERY TIME YOU USE IT is a nightmare . The grind is ok , but the steam from the pot goes into the bean reservoir and causes them to be wet and sticky making cleaning difficult . I got sick of cleaning the container every day and that is how I really discovered the benefits of a conical burr grinder , using this pot just to percolate water . After 2 failures , I found a cheaper pot .
 I rarely take the time to write a bad review about a product , but this thing is just terrible.First , I should note that I am a fan of super strong coffee , but I am also an extremely `` make due '' type of person too . I have not found a way to make coffee in this thing that I find acceptable.If I use the darkest roast of beans from Starbucks with a third the amount of water the manual of this thing suggests , I will get coffee that I find passable . What an expensive way to make coffee!I feel like it is a waste of money to use this thing , and I ca n't for the life of me figure out why it makes such weak coffee , but it sucks and I give up . I have started using my roommates french press to make coffee , since I threw away my old coffee maker -LRB- it cost about twenty bucks and lasted for several years -RRB- . I could live with the fact that it is terribly loud and that it is a pain to clean , but to go through all that and have sub-par coffee ? No , thanks .
 I bought this machine because we wanted to have our beans automatically ground for us and wanted the preset timer option . The machine grinds the beans fine and the timer is good . The complaint I have is the plastic parts for the top . The first machine we bought started to develop cracks at the top . Then the cover , also made of plastic starting to crack . We had to use superglue , which only held for a short while . Then we resorted to duck tape to hold the cover to ensure that the machine would run . I called Cuisinart , they did n't have a replacement top , I would have to send the whole machine back for repairs . We finally had to break down and buy a second machine . This time I was very very careful , only closing the top 1 time a day , when the machine was cleaned and the beans and water were in for the next morning . Still , after a few weeks of only 1 pot of coffee per day , it started to crack . I 'm back to using duck tape . I have ordered a Melitta grind and brew which has excellent ratings . Do n't waste your money on this plastic piece of crap ! Even the stainless steel model has many plastic parts that will give you the same problems .
 As other reviewers have stated , this is a nightmare appliance . I 've had mine less than 5 months , but am throwing it in the garbage today . It 's a major hassle to clean , but I 've done so every day . But , due to the design flaws , the coffee grounds get under the basket tray where they can not be removed . Eventually the basket tray will start sticking and you 'll have trouble popping it out . After awhile , the basket tray fails and today it popped out while I was making coffee . Oh my God , what a MESS ! Coffee everywhere!No matter how well and how often you clean and dry all the little pieces and parts , you can never get it completely clean . Eventually , in my case less than 6 months , this will cause it to fail . Cuisinart should be ashamed !!!
 As already noted , you have to clean up the grinder after every pot of coffee . Why ? Because steam is allowed into the grinder area during brewing and it becomes totally sopping wet . If you try to take the grinder out before this happens , then the coffee maker stops and beeps at you ; some sort safety feature ? Really dumb . I 'm going to try to rewire the damn thing so the grinder can be removed as soon as it 's done grinding , by jumpering out the interlock switch .
 My main problem with this product is that after about a little less than a year , no matter how often you wash it , some of the ground up coffee somehow works its way into the sliding mechanism that lets you take out the filter . The result is having to pry the thing open careflully each time to try to get the filter out , and because it is flimsily made , you are very likely to break something in the process . We even completely cleaned out the `` coffee sludge '' from out of the sliding mechinism so it slid freely again only to have it stick on the very next brew.Do yourself a favor and purchase the DGB-300 model . The design is much better . There is no gap between the grinder part and the filter because it is one piece . Much better . We were very happy with the 300 model .
 My wife and I purchased the stainless steel version of this unit a couple of years ago . We tossed it after about a year for all the reasons people have already posted : - noisy-pain to clean -LRB- and for those who say we 're just lazy , remember that we 're comparing this to other units -RRB- - flimsy constructionWe purchased a Melita Grind and Brew and loved it for all the reasons we hated the Cuisinart . Unfortunately , it started spewing coffee everywhere.For whatever reason , my wife purchased this unit , which as far as I can tell , is just a white plastic -LRB- and cheaper -RRB- version of the original stainless steel unit.The result - all the same problems . The funny thing is that on the box , Cuisinart 's marketing says , `` Now , easier to clean 2-piece design . `` I 'm not sure what they consider two pieces , but here 's the truth : - Grinder - Lid to the grinder that has weird nooks and crannies - the entire top of the unit where the grinder sits and where coffee dust turns into coffee sludge when steam mixes ith it - filter - filter basket - potSo , even conservatively , there are still four pieces to clean.On top of that , it 's still loud , you 're still likely to break the swing-out filter basket when it inevitably gets stuck -LRB- and it will -RRB- , and the coffee is terribly weak.Here 's why the coffee is weak
 I do n't mind washing out all five removable parts that others have mentioned . My frustration is that the tray that slides in and out over the carafe -LRB- and that holds the basket assembly for the grounds -RRB- can not be removed for a good cleaning . Gunk accumulates in the sliding mechanism and on the back inside of the machine behind the carafe that is impossible to clean completely . I 've used steak knives and other sharp instruments trying to scrape out the gunk in the mechanism with little success . If the sliding mechanism/tray came out completely , I could give it a good soaking once in a while , but the instructions do not tell you how to do that and my numerous experiments suggest it is not removable . The problems cited by others are all true , in my experience
 I was given this coffee maker as a gift land thought it was great until I had to clean it . But the worst part of the product is it wo n't last much more than a couple years . First one refused to work after 2 years . Being STUPID I bought a second one because I like fresh ground coffee . This one was a different design than the first but they have n't improved the cleaning process or the technology because here it is two years later and it quit grinding again and I am looking for another coffee pot and I guarantee it will not be another Cuisinart !!!!!
 We owned and loved the `` old '' version of this coffee maker . Although it was a slight pain to clean , it only took about 5 minutes , and we really got good use out of it -LRB- about 4 years -RRB- . When it finally broke -LRB- something started to short out in the base -RRB- , Cuisinart said they would n't fix it or replace it.So , we bought this new one after reading the reviews . We were especially excited to hear that it was easier to clean.Unfortunately , this machine is a dud . Although it probably is easier to clean the parts , it is only incrementally easier . What is worse , though , is that coffee sludge slowly leaks out of the grinder and down the inside of the machine , gumming up the sliding tray that holds the grounds . What results is that the grounds holder wo n't slide in and out without forcing it , and the back of the coffee maker -LRB- the part behind the carafe -RRB- , is covered wity gooey coffee sludge . Gross.So , about every 2-3 weeks , I have to dismantlte ths sliding mechanism and take a brush and clean out all the nooks and crannies of coffee gunk.Anyway , the coffee seems fine , and the rest of the machine works OK . But I definitely would not buy this model again . We picked up another one of the original models , and it is sitting in the box waiting for this one to die.There are a few other models on the market - Beyonds Mill and Brew looks interesting , but for now , we 're stuck with this one.UPDATE
 Like others who have submitted reviews , I loved this coffee maker at first , but quickly learned how fickle it can become in record time . In addition to the nightmare it is to clean , and the sludge that is created by steam leaking into the grinder section , my biggest problem has been the spillage issue . Countless mornings , I walk into the kitchen to find the majority of coffee all over the counter instead of in the carafe . First thinking this was `` operator error , '' I began routinely checking and double checking to be sure everything was firmly seated in place , but still have the problem nonetheless . This morning , I not only awoke to 2/3 of the pot pooled all over the counter , but also saw the glass had shattered just below the silver band on the carafe . It was fine when I assembled things last night , but this morning ? Disaster yet again . One year after purchasing this , I 'm headed to the trash can with the thing . What began as a dream machine quickly turned into a royal pain in the patoot .
 This is worst coffee maker I ever saw to clean CAN Not take apart to clean . Have to use a long handle brush and than almost impossible to clean and rinse.I have to unplug and wash with soappy water and than rinse -LRB- a nightmare -RRB- . Would never buy one like this again not for this amount of money .
 I had bought this coffee maker about 4 months ago and it 's been making great coffee . One day when brewing a pot of coffee as usual it started to make a weird clicking sound as it was completing , all of a sudden there was smoke coming from the hotplate and from behind the unit , to a very strong smell of electric charge . I immediately pulled the plug and removed the Kraft and saw a hot red burn on front face of the plate as a fire was beginning . This coffee machine is now dead!The funny thing about this is a friend of mine who also owned this pot had the same exact thing happen to her a month ago !! The same burn mark in the same spot on the hot plate also !! She just got the use of this unit two months longer then I did.She also had bought this thing at a different store then I.Cuisinart customer service is sending me out a new machine !! I had spend over ... on this machine and not to mention the extra $ $ on the water filters that I had bought in bulk , big mistake that was.Surprised a recall was n't made for this hazard!To all the own this thing please be very careful and never use the timer for in case it decides to happen while your asleep , you may wake up to a fire . . Be very careful !
 Grind and Brew maker , very disappointing ! Coffee NEVER hot enough . Too many grounds lost in sink drain during clean up . Cleaning up this pot is tedious.Too many parts .
 I carefully read all the Amazon reviews for this machine before I purchased it last month . I was sold on the grind & brew concept and I ignored the complaints that the grinder was hard to clean and also produced a mess that was the result of the steam getting back up into the grinder . I wish I paid attention!After one month , I am returning the machine to Bed , Bath & Beyond tomorrow . I faithfully cleaned the coffee maker every night but was unable to effectively clean out the mechanism that releases the basket . After just a few weeks , the coffee mess clogged up the drawer slides , making it almost impossible to get the coffee basket out . I read in other reviews here of people using steak knives to try to clean it out , since the mnufacturer failed to make this job easy . This is an inherent design flaw in the coffee maker and it should be pulled from the market . I emailed Cuisinart about this problem and they have failed to respond . I did look into the Melitta Mill & Brew coffee maker , and according to the Amazon reviews this problem is not evident . In fact , most of the reviews there are 5 stars.I just ordered the Melitta Mill & Brew tonight and it looks promising that I will not have the same nightmare I experienced with Cuisinart . Heed my words , you will regret buying this model !
 This coffee maker would not command the price if it were not marketed under the Cuisinart name . I would not buy it again.Several design flaws : - No temperature control on the warming plate . The coffee cooks after a fairly short preriod . - no sight glass to judge water in the brew chamber . One must look over the top of the device into a dark chamber to see water level , which is not easy if you are under six foot tall . - Maker is too tall to fit under normal cupoards . It is noisy as well.Beside the design flaws , it is cheaply made . Light weight plastic parts and poor tolerance control make me feel it is not a long-lasting appliance.It does make a decent cup of coffee , and it is fun to grind whole beans and brew in one step . Too bad Cuisinart has chosen to market a product unworthy of the name .
 We were really excited when we discovered this coffee maker and could n't wait to try the first cup of freshly brewed coffee . What a disappointment ! After following all the directions and anxiously waiting for our first sip we were disappointed to find that the coffee tasted like hot , brown water . No flavor at all . We then tried to double the amount of beans with the result of a weak flavored coffee . We even bought the strongest beans , still no luck . The basket was n't big enough to put in the amount of beans required for 8 cups of decent coffee . After calling Cuisinart and getting no help we decided to return the coffee maker . It was really too bad as we really wanted the maker to work . We liked everything about it , except that it could n't make coffee !
 ... after two months , a piece of the filter broke off . After 3 months , the carafe cracked and sent coffee and glass spilling everywhere . Cuisinart was kind enough to direct me to their website , so I could pay another $ 30 or so for a new carafe , because glass is not included in their warranty . No thanks .
 For this much money , one has a right to expect a decent cup of coffee . Unfortunately , because of a woefully inadequate grinding operation , what you get is a tepid , transparent , undrinkable cup of plastic-flavored water . If that is what you are looking for , then this `` coffee maker '' is for you . But beware , if you should actually want another pot , you will have to disassemble , wash , DRY , and reassemble - get this - 8 parts before you can use it again.Forget it . This is a complete waste of money at any price .
 A normal coffee maker requires a quick rinse ; this machine requires a wash , rinse and a thorough drying of the grinding unit . You ca n't just rinse the grinding unit because the fine coffee grounds need to be washed out.If it was n't for the fact that we spent nearly $ 100 for this unit , I would throw it away.SAVE YOUR MONEY - DO N'T BUY IT
 This coffee machine brews the weakest coffee I 've ever had - does n't grindthe beans well and to clean it makes you wa n't to store it in the garbagecan . That 's what I did I 'm going back to the melitta machine today
 Okay , we have had 3 of these coffee makers because we love the grind and brew feature . The first one lasted about a year and a half , and the others well , we are a little under 6 months . I have to replace this one AGAIN because the flip top lid where you fill the water chamber and put the coffee beans in completely broke off , and I now have to hold the lid down until the pot is brewed . The last 2 we had , after a few months -LRB- and several deep cleanings I might add -RRB- would take almost and hour to brew a pot . My parents also used to have one , and theirs completely overflowed and spilled all over their counter and onto their hardwood floors !!!! I am buying the Capresso Luxe which is more expensive , but if it lasts longer , and it is easier to clean , then it is worth it . Please do n't waste you money because this product WILL NOT last more than a year !
 I enjoy this coffee-maker but did n't realize how much trouble it is to clean it . You 've got to clean out the coffee-grinder , gold filter , filter top , filter container , and caraffee after each brew of cofee . The idea of freshly ground , freshly brewed coffee is nice but I do n't think it makes the coffee taste that much better.The worst part about this is that it keeps breaking . We 've alrady sent it back a few times and it keeps shorting out . It will smoke , overheat , and stop working . Cuisinart makes you pay for shipping both ways.I recommend getting something else .
 I got this to replace my older version of the grind and brew . I got the white one , and you can really see the mess . Coffee gunk drips from the grinding spout down behind the carafe down to the burner . And while the design of this one is easier to clean , it is still a drag every day . I would rather have a separate grinder and just a coffee maker than this mess !!
 The idea of freshly-ground coffee may seem appealing , but this unit does not deliver well . To begin with , the grinding unit is the cheap , rotary-blade type and it produces too course a grind for drip coffee . The result is under-extracted coffee that 's too weak . The unit is so poorly designed that the steam from brewing goes straight into the grinding section , leaving a layer of sludge all over it and requiring a thorough cleaning after every use . In fact , at first I thought that the unit deliberately ran water through the grinder ! I doubt a dishwasher would be able to clean all of the nooks and crannies in the grinder unit . The whole thing is a pain to clean , with at least six separate parts to wash . Every coffee maker has some non-removable parts that need occasional cleaning , but this one has many more than the typical number of recesses and hidden surfaces that evade a casual wipe . If you insist on a coffee maker with built-in grinder , then buy something else . The only other such coffee maker that I have direct experience with is with the Capresso system , which is an excellent unit , though more expensive .
 After three mornings of inferior coffee , I will be boxing up my new purchase and returning it . The coffee is weak . I have increased the amount of beans and that has helped only slightly . I love hot coffee -LRB- nickname ... asbestos mouth -RRB- but the coffee remaining in the glass carafe becomes so hot , as to be scalding . If you pre-program to have coffee ready when you get up in the morning you will not need an alarm clock ! The grinder is so loud that it woke us with a start and sent the cat running . I agree with the other reviewers who did not like the mess in the grinder -LRB- damp grounds -RRB- and the many parts to be washed and dried . Modern technology should make our mornings easier . I thought this was the answer ... but it was the ULTIMATE DISAPPOINTMENT .
 When my DGB300 finally broke down -LRB- electronics stopped working -RRB- and the warranty was over , I was happy to find out that Cuisinart had come out with a `` new '' model . I assumed everything would be better . Unfortunately - I have been very un happy . First off - I can never see the water level . The internal marker is never visible early in the morning when I am trying to make coffee . Secondly , I had hoped that the new coffee maker would be `` quieter '' ! Did not happen . Thirdly , I miss the `` set-temp '' feature . The 500 coffee is just not as hot as the 300 . Lastly , and most importantly it is a mess to clean . There are so many nooks and cranny 's that you just ca n't get to.I am not a happy customer .
 I had owned the old Grind & Brew -LRB- twice ! -RRB- , and my husband thought the new one might be better -LRB- we both did n't like the cleaning -RRB- . This one is EVEN WORSE . I completely agree with the other reviewers that it 's a true SOB to clean ... and the coffee is n't good enough to justify the time spent doing so . A maid in my own kitchen , indeed ! For the $ $ they charge for this piece of junk , Cuisinart really should do some SERIOUS R&D on how to make a Grind & Brew machine that can be dismantled to clean all the crap that gets stuck on the little shelf below and behind the brew basket , not to mention the toxic-looking waste that gums up beneath the grinder . Gim me my old Grind & Brew ANYDAY ! But , I think I 'm going to jump on the vacuum pot bandwagon - America 's Test Kitchens said they were great , and that 's enough for me !
 I have never written a review before but feel compelled to do so now - This is absolutely the worst coffee maker ever !!! I purchased it for my husband about seven months ago . We had owned the Melitta version of the grind and brew which worked fine but broke after six months . I thought this would be a much better quality coffe maker since it was almost twice the price . I can not begin to tell you how much we despise this coffee maker . I do n't mind cleaning a coffee maker but from top to bottom every time you use it ? Coffee drips all over the pot . If every piece is not completely pushed in as it needs to be you get a tremendous mess on your hands with grinds everywhere . The basket is supposed to snap and stay in place but often comes undone . Our children have nicknamed the pot the `` airplane '' as it is just as loud when grinding . It is awful I would have given it a 0 if that was a choice . I can not believe Cuisinart put their name on this machine . We are now throwing it away and going back to a separate grinder/brewer !!!!!
 I have owned two of these things -LSB- I know , my fault , but I thought the first one was a fluke basied on Cuisinart 's reutation -RSB- . The first one laste a year befre the grinder just quit working over night . I had to go 20 miles to their recommended repair people to fnd out thaat Cuisinart does n't make parts for this , so it was landfill . Bought another because I liked the concept o 2-in-1 . The ground coffee often does n't make it into the basket . The grinder NEVER gets all of the coffee out , so I have to use extra . It has to be cleaned every other day to function at all -LRB- I do n't have to do that with my regular grinder -RRB- . And the button that lets you pull out the pot in the middle of brewing often sticks open and the coffee goeas all ovver the countertop . Never again ! And I 'm questioning ever buying any other Cuisinart product .
 The Grind-n-Brew is for you if you literally have nothing else to do but make coffee , and you enjoy getting dirty . If you are a negative person , and you need something to get you off on the right foot , so you can feel miserable all day , the Grind-n-Brew is for you . If it were not for the fact that it is cheaply made and over-priced , it would be a fine coffee maker for people who do not mind taking 20 minutes out of their morning to clean -LRB- that 's right you have to dismantle it and clean it EVERY time you use it -RRB- their coffee maker BEFORE getting a cup of coffee . However , on top of being poorly engineered , it is poorly built . Maybe that 's an up-side . I ca n't wait for mine to break . It comes dangerously close everytime I need to interact with it . Oh , and as an aside , it makes crappy coffee . The place you put the beans is so small , you 'd better plan on using espresso roast if you want to taste coffee .
 Yes , this coffee maker , if you meticulously clean it and put the handle of the filter basket just so , and make sure the grinds draw is locked , and do n't put in too much coffee will make a decent cup . But ... this thing is poorly designed and Cuisart offers no customer service . We 've had morning disasters with coffee running out behind the pot all over the kitchen , and I 'm talking hot coffee.As others have stated , there are many parts to clean . Unlike a traditional coffee grinder , this one gets wet from the humidity of the brewing coffee , so you can not just wipe it out . It must be thoroughly washed and dried . The worst part is the filter basket . The sliding mechanism gets gunked up by grounds and it is impossible to get in there and clean it . To do it at all well you have to unplug the thing so you do n't electrocute yourself , and then when done you have to reprogram the coffee maker all over again.I 've e-mailed Cuisinart for guidance and gotten no response , not to mention that their web-site is designed to make it practically impossible to correspond with them . The concept of this machine is great , but the execution of it is really bad . I 've had to hold my husband off from dumping the whole thing in the garbage , which we will when we find a suitable replacement.I expect better from Cuisinart and the fact that they continue to sell this model which has so many problems tells you alot about this company .
 After about 4 months , the coffee maker did not work correctly . Some days it works , some days it spits grinds all over the place , some days the filter door wo n't close . The pieces do n't fit well together , thus sometimes it dribbles coffee all over the counter . Cleaning it properly is a chore . Avoid this Cuisinart and buy a Braun instead .
 This coffee maker is a great concept , but really poor design . As others have said , the major flaw is that the steam gets backed up into the grinder forming a sludge that is difficult to clean . And you can forget about making back to back pots of coffee unless you take it apart and clean the grinder chamber and filter basket each time . And then you have to COMPLETELY dry the grinder parts so that the beans wo n't get wet when grinding.The coffee does taste good , but there is no choice for grinder setting and I like a course ground . The caraffe on the glass model is great . It 's big and does not drip . The coffee temperature is also good , nice and hot and I like the 1-4 cup feature to make it extra hot . Unfortunately I am returning the pot because it is not worth the extra time and effort for cleanup . I wanted something automatic to be time saving and this pot is the opposite .
 I love coffee . I am a bit of a fanatic really . I buy beans in bulk and drink about 1-3 pots of coffee a day . I thought having a grind and brew in one machine would be worth it . Not with this machine it is n't . The hopper gets steamed everytime I brew . That means I have to pull out the two piece hopper everytime to wash it . Unfortunately with the way the spout is shaped it is nearly impossibly to get all the coffee sludge out of there . It takes almost 15 minutes to scrub it out everytime . I have tried leaving the lid open after it finishes brewing to let the steam out hoping it would be easier to clean once the sludge was dry . That was not a good idea either . It just caked into the corners . I have already ruined my bottle brush trying to use that . And it sprayed coffee sludge all over the place too . I tried using my sponge but the filter just shredded that and I had to pick out pieces of sponge along with the coffee debris . It also does n't do a very good job on grinding . Several times I have found beans still in the hopper . Of course they are useless now that they have been steamed so I have to throw them out along with the sludge they are stuck in.Just in case that was n't bad enough the bottom of the grinder is n't water tight . That means that all the water that got in the grinder each time will leak out . Then it collects under the hopper in the machine base so after a few pots I have to scrub that out as well . That is horrible to clean as well . What is left is almost a coffee concentrate that you have to soak or chip off . But there is no room to manuever to get it clean . After all that is done you still have to dry it off to make another pot of coffee . And that is just for the grinder part of the machine.The goldtone filter is nice , it is what I used before . I got it at Kmart for $ 3 . The lid that covers the brew basket is another piece of over complicated crap though . There are several nooks and crannies in it that need to be cleaned out , again everytime you brew a pot of coffee . The coffee sludge builds up in there as well . I 've had to resort to using toothpicks and folded pieces of paper towels to get it clean and I am still not sure if I am actually getting it all out . There plastic is black and the nooks are small so I ca n't see if there is any old coffee still left in it . And after using the machine for a little more then a week the brew basket started popping out . About every third time I used it last week the basket would pop out and pour coffee all over the burner and my countertop . I have found no way to stop this from happening either . Or any real reason it is happening either . I have noticed though that it happens more often now . It is popping out every other time so I have to babysit the machine while it brews now . And it takes longer to brew then my old pot too.I 've already noticed a flavor change in my coffee that makes me suspect that even after all the scrubbing I have done there is still old coffee in there . What is the point of having a filter for the water if the stupid machine holds old wet coffee grounds in it that are going to affect the taste of your coffee ? As for the coffee itself it is weak . Very weak . I have used more beans to get stronger coffee but then I realized that I was using nearly twice as much as I used to with my old machine . At $ 10 a pound for coffee that is starting to hurt my wallet.So I spend more time cleaning , more time to brew , more money for extra coffee , and get a lower quality of brewed coffee each time that is only getting worse with every pot . After owning this machine less than three weeks I am taking it back tomorrow . A $ 12 coffee maker and a $ 10 grinder would make better coffee and be easier to use .
 This is the WORST piece of junk that I have ever used.I have owned this since Christmas 2003 . I just threw it in the trash after the 5th time the basket drawer opened during mid grind . Talk about a mess !! When you press the button to start , the grinder goes to work ... for WAY too long in my opinion ... and ... if you 're lucky enough to turn away ... and the basket drawer opens up ... you have a WORLD CLASS MESS to clean up ... all the grinds are thrown all over the place ... inside the entire unit ... all over the counter and floor ... ARRRRRRGH !!!! The grinder gets stuck , meaning you cant easily remove it because it 's STUCK !! ... and filthy every time ... expect a 15 minute clean up even if everything works ... every time you use it ... The one thing I can say that is positive about this unit is that I 'll NEVER have to use it again because I tore the basket holder in half trying to remove it to clean out the grounds from INSIDE ... so I threw it in the trash ... I 'm going to buy a cup of coffee at the coffee store ...
 HAVE N'T LOST ENOUGH MONEY IN THE STOCK MARKET ? NEED A GIFT FOR A FRIEND WHO RECENTLY BETRAYED YOU ? THEN SPEND $ 100 + ON THE CUISIN_ART BECAUSE THIS PRODUCT REALLY STINKS !!! IT DOES N'T DO ANYTHING WELL ... NOT GRIND , NOR MAKE GOOD COFFEE , NOR KEEP IT HOT , NOR POUR WELL FROM THE CARAFE . WORST MONEY EVER SPENT . SHAME ON CUISINART FOR PUTTING THIS PRODUCT OUT ! WISH THEY HAD NEGATIVE NUMBER OF STARS .
 I bought one of these about a year ago and make coffee everyday . The whole unit gets all gooped up with old grounds and sludge from the steam the whole unit needs to be able to be put in a dish water or dunked under water to clean right . unless you like to live with the gunk that builds up everywhere even after one brew , i guess you are ok then . It brews an average pot of coffee and now the pump quit working and have to restart it 6 times to brew a whole pot . I am going to buy a different type of grind and brew this time . I love coffee but do n't feel like paying a maid to clean this thing everytime . detailing a car takes less time .
 This seems like a wonderful idea . Program your coffeemaker to grind and brew , wake up to fresh coffee . What could be better ? Not much -LRB- at least to me when I 'm stumbling out of bed . -RRB- BUT ... while I love the idea of this coffeemaker , the reality 's a little different . It 's a fussy , tempermental little machine . First of all , it 's impossible to keep clean . I have the black model , and gooey coffee gunk disappears into the crevices . You can remove some , but not all of the parts -- so cleaning this sucker requires a strong will , cleverness and time.The other frustrating thing is that this coffee machine is incredibly sensitive . God forbid you do n't place the filter in the EXACT right position -- you 'll end up with grounds everywhere or hot coffee all over the counter .
 I 've been meaning to write a review on this for over a year . My husband bought this for me , which I appreciate . However , the grinder is louder than a plane ! The Capresso is much quieter than this thing . Mine is a couple years old now , so maybe they 've improved it?I agree with much of Neurotome 's review . When Cuisinart tells you to rinse and dry each component they MEAN it . If you do not , the condensation builds up in the grinder and it is full of water . You will not be able to make coffee the next day without drying it out , including the chute , because the grinds will stick . If you just choose to not use the loud grinder for a while , which I did , the moisture still builds up and you will get mildew . I learned this the hard way . I did not have any problem with the plastic parts warping , though , because I would never put plastic components in a dishwasher , since that would expose them to very high temperatures.Seriously , unless you are willing to remember that once the coffee is done to
 At first we were happy with our purchase . The look and feel of this coffee maker -LRB- we bought the brushed stainless steel model -RRB- was appealing . But over time this coffee maker has presented problems to us :1 -RRB- The charcoal filter replacements are hard to find . The store where we purchased the machine does n't carry them , and it 's almost impossible to find the filter at Cuisinart 's website .2 -RRB- The coffee bean grinder stopped working on us about 6 mos after purchase , and by then the warranty had expired . After several letters to Cuisinart 's customer service department went unanswered ~ we just gave up trying . The only reason we purchased this model is because we like to grind our coffee right before brewing , and what 's the point of having this machine if it doe n't grind ? 3 -RRB- The BIG problem with this machine is it leaks coffee . By leak , I mean the water discharges from the reservoir into the filter chamber and from there , is supposed to drip into the top of the carafe . Sometimes , for whatever reason , the water does not pass through the top of the carafe quickly enough whereby water then overflows the rim , down the coffee maker and onto the counter , floor etc. . We ca n't pinpoint a visible for cause for this and assume the malfunction lies in the design of the carafe lid .4 -RRB- An overall thumbs down for Cuisinart 's ustomer Service . We repeatedly tried to contact Cuisinart about the problem with our coffee maker , but never heard a word from them . For that reason alone , I would not purchase another item from this manufacturer.Casey
 OK , I 've seen the reviews where people say that the clean-up is not a big deal , but I have to disagree . Since the coffee grounds get wet from the steam , they stick to all the grinder parts and all the basket parts , which means just a simple wipe with a paper towel does not get the job done . You either have to use a soapy sponge under running water or put the parts in the dishwasher . And I think all the moisture leads to electrical failures . I 've had mine for about 5 months and the coffee now comes out the color of tea because the water is not getting hot enough . We 're still waiting for a reply from customer service , but hopefully they will let us switch to a model that does n't have a built-in grinder . And for those of you counting , the machine actually has 7 parts that need to be cleaned regularly
 I hate this coffeemaker . I have never written a review before , but I hate it so much I have to spill . It is a major pain to clean -LRB- particularly the grinder -RRB- as everyone else says . not only does it have to be completely clean , it has to be completely dry or the grinds will coagulate on the lid of the grinder and will not go into the filter basket . It was such a pain to clean and use that I eventually bought a separate grinder to use instead.Then approximately nine months after I bought the coffeemaker it started shutting down in the middle of the brewing cycle . If I banged the side hard enough and long enough it would start again . Less than one year after buying it , it stopped brewing completely . If I had the receipt I would send it back to the manufacturer . I am very annoyed because this was not a cheap coffeemaker , and I originally bought it because of the reputation of the Cuisinart brand . I am very fussy and quality and temperature of my coffee is very important to the success of my day , and my overall outlook on life!So I gave up on the Cuisinart completely , and went out last night and bought a Black and Decker Cafe Noir for $ 16 . Works great . Coffee is hot and well brewed . Do n't buy this overpriced , cheaply made Cuisinart piece of junk , it is not worth the money they want for it .
 We have used the Cuisinart grind and brew for two years and it has been a terrible disappointment . It has so many parts to clean daily that it takes 20-30 minutes of cleaning if you use the grinder . Everything is wet and coffee grounds cover all the parts , which wo n't work properly if you do n't clean them after each use . I called customer service re leaking and the door to the basket compartment not opening and closing - what a waste of my time !! I have never been treated so rudely by customer service anywhere prior to my experience with Cuisinart . Do n't bother !! And of course the great three - year warranty is worthless unless you follow their stringent cleaning and filter-changing guidelines every 60 uses , so forget that !! We went back to using our handy , cheap grinder so we do n't have to take the entire thing apart after every use . If you have no life , go for it - otherwise , find a better grind and brew machine .
 What an awful machine . I can even take the ROAR it makes when grinding , but it IS too loud to use on mornings when guests are still sleeping . The coffee that it brews tastes good . BUT , it is the most terribly designed machine I have ever used . Trying to clean it is not only time consuming and difficult , but actually impossible . My coffeemaker is white so unfortunately all the drips and discoloration are extremely visible.The unit is tall and the only way I know how much water to put in is by using the empty carafe to measure it . The markings indicating the water level in the unit are very hard to read and you need to be tall to look down into it from the top . After brewing the coffee , the messy cleanup starts . The steam from the brewing process gets everywhere inside the machine . So any surface that has even a smidgen of coffee grounds clinging to it turns a brown , gloppy mess when the steam hits it . The grinder has 2 parts and they are just coated with brown glunk . The residue can not be rinsed off , it clings to the surface . I use soap and water to wash the parts , but then as I dry them I am still amazed to see all the brown mess that is on the kitchen towel . The basket also has 2 parts that get covered with brown goo . When the coffee carafe is removed to pour coffee , brown colored streams of water can be seen dripping down the back of the coffeemaker heading toward the hot plate . The residue of coffeegrounds that remain between the grinder and coffeebasket turn into tiny brown rivers and ooze and drip all over.There is a button that is pushed to release the coffee basket . There is a rather complex set of plastic parts that allow the basket to spring out . This apparatus has several sliding plastic parts with nooks and crannies that are just covered with brown colored coffee ground residue . I have tried q tips , toothpicks , toothbrushes and anything I could think of to try to get the brown crud out of these tiny , impossible to reach places . No way , Jose . I literally am unable to get to most of these parts clean . Now after several months of use , I find that the accumulated crud is making the mechanism all sticky and when I push the button to release the basket , it wo n't come out . I have to pull and wiggle it to get it out far enough to empty the used grounds and put in a new filter.This is the only grind and brew coffeemaker that I have owned . The idea sounded great and saving the step of separate grinding appeared to be a time saver . But the difficult , time consuming , frustrating cleaning negates any pluses the machine might have . It was a gift that I had asked for and I am hestiant to throw it out , but my resolve is shrinking each day I deal with this monster .
 I LOVED the coffee from this coffee maker so much that I did n't even mind the fuss involved with cleaning all those parts . I even brushed off my concerns when it started acting `` wonky '' a months after we got it . If it did n't run properly , I assumed I forgot to turn on the timer . If it stopped halfway through brewing I thought maybe I did n't fill it properly . I kept making excuses for the erratic behavior until it abandoned me about 16 months after our love affair began . After the initial feeing of mourning , anger set in . There is no way a coffee maker that cost this much should die so soon ! -LRB- over $ 100 on sale in 2004 ! -RRB- NO MORE over priced gadgets that are all flash and no substance . I went back to the store and bought the Bunn coffee maker that has been faithfully brewing my morning coffee for over two years without a hitch - and cost about the same !
 I orginally purchased the Grind & Brew 300 . I followed the instructions and ran a water cycle to clean . The next cycle was a grind & brew cycle and it was disasterous . The bottom of the heating plate has plastic grates ... those grates melted and smoked and would have eventually caught fire ! I returned the product to Bloomingdales the next day.My next upgrade was to the DGB-500 , which I can thankfully say caused no fires . However , this product is pretty messy . The steam rises thru the grinding parts and creates a wet little mess ... no big deal except a mandatory clean after every use bc if you let it sit it gets crusty . The worst part is that the grinder leaks thru the machine . The blades dont sit exactly snug and thanks to the steam you get a small mud slide . Unfortunately , that mud slide runs directly over the spring loaded contraption where the filter/basket sits . After 2-3 uses without a thorough cleaning of those inner parts -LRB- I ca n't reach back in there to clean the thing easily or thoroughtly -RRB- the basket does not pop out . I have to hold down the release button and yank it out while chunks of coffee mess fall onto the hot-plate . Buyer beware ! I 'm returning it today to Bloomingdales and I 'm gon na stick with a smaller programmable coffee maker and a seperate grinder !
 Dear Cuisinart , Great Concept , Great Look but why ca n't this wonderful idea deliver DEEP , RICH , HOT , GREAT QUALITY coffee ? It is amazing that you would put so much time and design ideas into a coffee maker without thinking about WHY YOUR CUSTOMER WOULD DECIDE TO BUY THIS UNIT
 I received this coffemaker as a Christmas present last year , and the quality of the coffee is just disappointing . It seems weak and always has a burned smell/taste to it , even the first cup but especially after it 's been in the pot for more than a few minutes . I 've tried using more beans , less beans , ground coffee , filtered water , bottled water , tap water , wire filter , white paper filters , brown paper filters ... but I 've never hit on a combination that give me a cup of coffee without the burned taste and smell.As for cleanup , it 's not a big deal unless you 're making multiple pots of coffee . Just pop the parts in the dishwasher . I 've never had the filter door pop open while brewing as others have . The grinder is VERY noisy.Overall , it 's just a disappointment for the money . Since I 'm the only coffee drinker in the family , I 'm thinking about a single serve machine like the Keurig .
 i paid 129 for this coffee maker totally burned out after 4 months heater blew grinder stopped working rip off
 This coffeemaker does make good-tasting coffee , but the box advertises that it is simple to clean . It is not . The basket does n't come out all the way , so you have to try to reach a finger in there to clean behind it . Cuisinart denied false advertising , but it is false . Their own customer service people do n't know how to clean it .
 At least you can drink the coffee that comes out of the thing , unlike the Mr. Coffee , which produces coffee loaded with stinking plasticizer from the cheap plastic . However , this is n't a 12-cup machine at all ; it 's about a 6-cup machine , using the 6:1 volume ratio of water to ground coffee recommended by Starbuck 's and Joy of Cooking . Cuisinart tells you to use half that , as if you were using cheap trash coffee , and it tastes terrible . Also , plan on spending a LOT of time cleaning the grinding chamber . I 'm a pretty disgruntled customer . For my main application , I 'm going to be reduced to running two batches , ground outside the machine . By the way , when it fires up the grinder on the timer , it 's reminiscent of an air raid siren . It 's a blade grinder , not a burr grinder . -LSB- Later -RSB- OK , I use it for all my coffee making . I grind outside the machine so I wo n't have to clean the grinding chamber . I 'm happy enough . You never know when I 'll want the timer-grinder feature .
 I have this coffee maker . It makes mediocre coffee at best and does n't keep it hot . I would not purchase it again .
 I normally read a lot of reviews before making a decision , but a few people have missed some of the bad points that this coffee maker possesses.I was drawn to its internal grinder , thinking I would wake up to fresh coffee in the morning . However , it is this very feature that makes the machine so flawed . Once the machine has ground the beans and the water starts dripping through , moisture begins to rise as steam into the grinder leading to a lot of additional cleaning -LRB- It takes about ten minutes , plus drying time -RRB- In addition to this I do n't believe the grinder holds enough beans and this leads to very weak coffee . Final complaint is its also too tall and would not fit under my cabinets -LRB- so best to measure if you decide to purchase -RRB- So to review : Bad points :1 . Weak coffee - does not have the capacity to hold enough beans , nor steep for long enough -RRB- 2 . Large contruction means it takes up a lot of room .3 . Steam get into the grinder leading to you having to clean the entire system.Good points :1 . Easy to use.Like many I was drawn to its nice design and features , but the poor undrinkable coffee and the mess it leaves led me to purchase a Krups and seperate grinder .
 After using our old Braun coffee pot every day , since 1988 , we were excited to get a brand new pot that even ground the beans ! The old Braun still worked , but after seeing this pot , we were happy to put the old one out to pasture . This pot makes a horrible cup of coffee that is very weak . We try adding more beans or pre-ground coffee , to no avail . It is impossible to clean . The steam creates gunk everywhere . There are several parts to clean , and the grinder and lid must be perfectly and completely dry before making coffee . And I mean air dried , preferably overnight . This eliminates the chance to make back to back pots of coffee . Many parts that ca n't come off also need to be cleaned , and short of taking a steak knife or a Q-Tip to the areas , you can forget cleaning it . The coffee gunk drips down behind the carafe and can drip onto the burner for a fine burning smell . I called Cuisinart , and they claim they have never had any complaints . Oh my , I do n't think so . I 've packed it back up , and am returning it , and buying a Black & Decker or a Mr. Coffee . I 've had it with this machine . If I could give it zero stars , or better yet , negative stars , I would . Also , if I had a chance of finding my old Braun at the dump , I would !
 I agree with the person who hoped that the new model would have a `` steam backflow prevention mechanism '' in it . Every time we use it we have to completely clean and dry the compartment where the coffee beans are placed , or it becomes like mud in there . This does n't seem like such a big deal until you realize you 've just spent 10 minutes cleaning the whole entire machine in order to set up coffee to be made in the morning , then going to bed smelling like old coffee grounds ... We 're taking this machine back and getting the Capresso CoffeeTeam w / Burr Grinder , as the reviewers say you do n't have to clean the grinder.We have the version with the stainless steel thermal carafe , which looks great and does n't burn the coffee , but you also do n't walk into the room and get that fresh-made coffee smell that makes getting up at 6:30 am worth it . I do n't know if this is because of the air-tight carafe or because , once again , lack of a steam outlet.On the plus side , the coffee tastes good .
 dude , i bought this thing at a kitchen specialty store mainly because it was on sale . ok , the red color was also rather enticing.anyway , it sucks . i wish to god i 'd read everyone else 's reviews before buying it . what 's scary is that some people actually paid full price for this piece of junk.anyway , nothing i can say that has n't been said before . this . machine . sucks .
 I think the idea is novel , but the cleanup is ridiculous ! It sends the water right through the coffee grinder making a huge mess . Also , in white , it gets filthy on the outside as well . I bought this for my husband as a father 's day present , and this year I bought him a machine we 'll actually enjoy .
 But I hated it . Actually , `` Hated , '' is a little strong , as it did make a fine cup of coffee . `` Irritated , '' is probably a better word to describe my reaction . Making coffee is not that difficult , except for having to push some needless buttons to open the thing , but clean-up was a hassle . The grinder , -LRB- Two parts -RRB- , and the brew basket , -LRB- Three parts -RRB- , have to be completely clean and dry to make another pot . As coffee is about the only vice I have left , I drink a lot of coffee , and on weekends make multiple pots . After three days my irritation at the poor design led me to return it and get the model DCC-1200 , which is essentially the same machine without the grinder .
 I bought one of these a year or so ago , and now it sits idle on my counter . It started producing sub-par results after about 9 months.I have tried many of the grind n ' brew products , and none have lived up to the hype or price.After spending a week in London , I found that most coffee shops use a Bialetti type brewing system . I bought one , and my morning coffee is strong , flavorful , and brewed right ... with little or no clean up or prep.Anyone want to buy my used Cuisinart ?
 I have to say that I bought this coffee pot with the idea that my coffee would be soooooo much better if I ground my own beans ... NOT TRUE !!! In fact , I ca n't make the same pot of coffee twice !!! I have been using the same beans every time and sometimes it is weak and other times it is strong !! The cleanup is not so bad , considering it grinds too , but the condensation from the hot water makes the coffee grinder a little messier than a separate grinder . I am ready to junk this one and buy a plain jane coffee maker and go back to my regular old grounds . It is too unpredictable and it 's a little embarrassing when you have company ... it looks like I do n't know how to make a good cup of coffee . One last thing is that even though it is a 12 cup coffee maker , the amount of beans that you would need is more than fits in the grinder !!!
 I owned the previous model of this grind and brew product and when the grinder motor burned up after 13 months , I thought I would try this new and `` improved '' model . NOT ! After only 2 months of daily use , it is ready for the trash heap.There a numerous design flaws in this machine that should have been caught by anyone who actually used the product before they put it on the market . First is the rotating coffee basket mechanism . After only 2 moths of daily use the basket gets stuck and has to be pried out . Also , the way they changed the design of the steam from the brewing process goes back up into the grining area and a forms a sticky sludge on all of the mechanisms and that drips down inside the back of the coffee pot area . Finally , this is very difficult to clean . Although they adversise it as dishwasher safe it really has to be cleaned by hand.As I said after only 2 moths , this machine is going to out with the trash . After having high hopes for this product , I am REALLY disappointed . It 's a cool idea and the old model worked great , but this one was a waste of money . Anyone who left positive comments about this product must have done so in the first moth or so if buying it .
 If you ever like to brew a pot after one is finished , do n't buy this coffee maker ! It is a complete mess to clean up . Each time I brew a pot I have to wash and thoroughly dry two pieces to the grinder , the carafe , and three pieces to the basket ! How inconvenient is that ? When the maker is brewing the coffee , moisture gets into the grinder , so you can not simply `` clean it every once in a while '' as another reviewer commented . It has to be cleaned every time as it gets wet inside every time.Don ' t buy it - I 'm returning for a refund and going back to a separate grinder and brewer !
 The name Cuisinart says it all . The best , or so I thought until I purchased the Cuisinart Grind and Brew coffee maker . What a disappointment . It first of all has virtually no programmable coffee making features except what time to start . The result is a tepid cup of tasteless coffee regardless of what quality or quantity of beans you use . Secondly it is a mess to clean up with THREE separate components to be cleaned after each use . It is no bargain at any price and certainly not a product I could recommend if you treasure a really good cup of fresh coffee in the morning . Sorry Cuisinart but this product is a bummer .
 We 've been looking for a grind & brew with timer forever and thought this was the answer ... Unfortunately , water condensation causes the beans to become sticky and clog up the channel to the filter . In addition , the bean grinder is too small for the capacity making the coffee weak . Our coffee ... never tasted so bad ...
 Did you know this coffee maker was manufactured 4 years ago , which as cuisinart has informed me they are no longer under warranty . It doesnt matter if you bought it 4 months ago as I did , and have problems , there is nothing they will do for you . And let me tell this I have contacted Cuisinart 4 times the first 2 months after I bought it , it has leaked water constantly out the bottom of the unit itself , they will do nothing , why because it was manufactured 4 years ago . I paid 100 for mine , the cheap 20 dollar makers , brew better coffee than this one , and last longer than 2 months . I gave it one star only because I had to .
 This coffeemaker has a decibel level which seems to approach SST-level . We have a one story ranch house with the bedroom on the other end of the house from the kitchen . When I used this product , it woke my wife up when it was grinding the coffee . This was replacing a Melitta Mill and Brew which did not wake my wife up.The other disappointment is the inability to adjust the coarseness of the grind . Thus , you need to vary the amount of coffee beans or water to adjust . This is not very efficient.The Melitta let you adjust the grind level.The Cuisinart is now on its way back to the seller .
 I have owned two of the Cuisinart Grind and Brew Coffee Makers , the first one was actually better than the last , DGB500BK , it leaked all the time and ruined my tile countertop and had to have it completely regrouted . Made good coffee , but customer service was horried and parts expensive .
 I bought one and was extremely dissatisifed with the flavor of the coffee . It was very weak and tasted bad .
 This coffee machine is pure GARBAGE !!! It does not grind the coffe fine enough , so the coffee it brews is very weak !!! It brews the coffee too slow . I absolutely HATED IT ! Cuisinart would do NOTHING for me , so I smashed it with a hammer & threw it away ! I WILL NEVER BUY A Cuisinart product again !
 After 3 months of use , the basket does not close properly . I take careful precaution to make sure the basket and caraffe are properly in place but three times I have woken up to coffee and grinds spilled out all over my kitchen counter and floor because sometime during the grinding session , the basket was wiggled loose and opened.Not only that , it is a mess to clean , as you have to take off about 6 parts and clean them extensively , especially the grinder -LRB- even when you do n't use it , you have to clean it because it fills up with condensation -RRB- . Never again will I buy a grinder/coffee maker . It 's better to grind your own and just fill it with grounds . Trust me , it 's not worth the dissappointment and frustration of waking up with a huge mess to clean and no coffee to drink .
 This is my second grind and brew in the last 2 years . My first one the grinder kept on getting stuck in the `` grinder holder '' . I got a replacement , and something went wrong with the internal power , everytime I press start it shuts off . $ 80.00 for a coffee maker is a lot of money to spend a drip coffee maker that will only last you 1 year . The convenience of having a built in grinder should be overlooked for two reasons . First , the blade grinder does not perform as well as burr grinder , and second you have to clean it after every use . So in order for you to have a cup of coffee , you have to clean the grinder , clean the filter basket and clean the pot , on top of that , it does not make that good of a cup anyway , the only thing I like about it now is the color . The Capresso has a burr grinder built in , and it 's been getting good reviews . I am not an espresso drinker , I prefer regular drip coffee . I love cappuccino 's , I would purchase the capresso E8 but I did not like the taste of the crema coffee . I am purchasing the Krups XP2070 and a separate burr grinder . There are no reviews on that coffee maker yet .
 I know exactly why this unit gets consistent 3 star reviews ... the water is rushed thru the filter basket too fast to leech the optimum flavor from the coffee grounds . I beta-tested/compared to my KRUPS unit , which allows the water to swim in the bean much longer . Temperature-wise the CUISINART DGB500 wins by 10 degrees , but that does n't matter , the coffee still tasted like tea unless I put about 35 % more bean than a regular coffee maker . Great idea , but using that much more bean over a long haul means you might as well head to McCoffee for the $ 1.70 cup of GOLD COAST every day . You 'll spend a lot less time cleaning parts that way too ! Face it , it 's all about the flavor if you 're a serious coffee drinker ... this unit will only frustrate the serious java-lover 's palette . Save your money .
 This is our second grind and brew coffee maker . The `` Melitta Mill and Brew '' lid broke after a few years of dedicated service and had to be held down with a rubber band . We chose this Cuisinart to replace it to get the additional 2 cups . I read all the reviews , purchased , and now agree with most that the grinder really is noisy , BUT cleaning is not nearly as bad as others indicated . But here is my HUGE disappointment
 ... because you will spend most of your life CLEANING this coffee maker . How many people does it take to make a pot of coffee ? TWO -- one to clean all of the pieces and a second person to brew the pot -LRB- because the first person will be tired after all of the disassembly , cleaning and reassembly -RRB- . Even though the instructions say that all pieces are dishwasher safe , the fact is that the ground coffee absolutely cakes up inside of the grinder spout -LRB- used to expel the coffee grinds into the basket -RRB- necessitating a manual `` hand wash '' -- that is unless you like to create a bacterial experiment inside of the coffee maker parts.The surprises come from the vibrations caused by the grinder . Load beans . Place bag of beans and/or freezer container of beans on counter . Begin grind/brew . `` rrrrrRRRRRRRRRRR !!!!!! ... CRASH !!! '' That is the sound of the grinder sending the container of beans onto the floor , due to the amount of vibration it generates.It makes a great cup of coffee -- but you 'll hate the experience . Buy a french press & the Black & Decker Smart Boil to heat your water . This would be potentially cheaper -LRB- depending upon the french press you buy -RRB- and much more versatile . PLUS , the french press will make better coffee , preserving the coffee oils.PS
 First the good news - the Melitta MEMB1B is back in production so for those of you -LRB- like me -RRB- that bought the Cuisinart because it was the only grind and brew available , you once again have a much better alternative . -LRB- My first Melitta gave up after three years of very rough use -RRB- What I do n't like about the Cuisinart-All the parts need cleaning every day . The steam from the hot water gets into the grinding section and makes a mess.-I make eight cups every morning and found that I have to use the `` 4 cup '' setting to get a reasonably strong cup of coffee . Otherwise it was so weak to be undrinkable . Problem there is that the brewing area would occasionally overflow and create a big mess . Ultimately , I 'm trashing the machine because inaccessible parts are so gummed up with a dry , sticky mess . It may be because I use paper filters which is because the gold mesh filter lets through too many grounds.-You can save money because you do n't need an alarm clock . We sleep upstairs and our kitchen is downstairs . The Cuisinart so damn loud , it wakes us in the morning.-Adding water ... . You have to have a light shining on the fill area so you can see the cup markers inside and the opening is unnecessarily small.What 's OKThe electronic settings all worked.Makes decent coffee .
 Picked this up instead of the Melitta Grind & Brew . After two years our previous Melitta had pretty much fallen apart , so I was looking for something better assembled.The Cuisinart boasts easier cleaning and a 12 cup capacity . Both are , IMHO , not true . The machine has more parts than the Melitta , and gets dirty * inside * the machine as well . Brutal . Furthermore , while the caraffe can hold 12 cups , the grinding chamber can barely hold 6 heaping scoops of coffee . So , unless you like your coffee to look like tea , you * ai n't * gettin ' 12 cups of coffee out of this puppy.Finally , forget ever accurately measuring the water - the fill chamber is an ergonomic disaster.So , we 're back to the Melitta Grind & Brew , and will stick with it for the foreseeable future .
 This is definitely not a coffee maker I would recommend to others . The coffee it makes is OK , but the major issue surrounds the way the coffee grinder is integrated into the product . Here are some of the major issues :1 -RRB- While the machine grinds coffee fine , it only takes 1 grinding before the machine has to be practically disassembled to clean out the coffee for the next grinding . This is due , at least in part , to the fact that the grinder sits right above the pot and heater . As a result , steam rises and condensation forms in the grinding well , which moistens the ground coffee residue in the grinder , which produces a `` paste '' that must be removed before the next grinding . I 've seen other grind-and-brew machines where the grinder is off to the side , and I always wondered why . Now I know . So , if you love to clean frequently , this is your machine .2 -RRB- In order to clean the machine properly , you need to remove both the top and bottom portions of the grinder . Over a relatively short period of ownership , the bottom portion of the grinder has gotten to the point where it requires tools to remove it from the machine . It gets wedged in there so tight that it 's almost impossible to remove . This might not have been so bad , except see item -LRB- 1 -RRB- above .3 -RRB- Due to all the nooks and crannies in the design , the rest of the machine is almost impossible to clean as well .4 -RRB- Over time , the grinder has started to make some strange noises making it sound as though it 's going to stop at any minute . Still not sure what 's causing this .5 -RRB- The water level is very difficult to read because you have to constantly look down in the water well while pouring . I 'd much prefer a float level visible from the outside .6 -RRB- The maker allows you to program how long before it automatically turns off -LRB- from 2-4 hours -RRB- and the default is 2 hours . However , it loses this setting if the power goes out , even momentarily . Would n't you know it , we want 4 hours ... and our power cycles often .7 -RRB- The compartment where the filter goes and where the coffee is deposited is difficult to close properly , and it often spontaneously pops open during brewing . When it does this , it creates a huge mess all over everything.So , needless to say , this will likely be the last grind-and-brew coffee maker and/or the last Cuisinart we ever buy . We replaced an older Braun with this machine , and it 's time to go back .
 I had high hopes for this little gadget , being a fan of grilled sandwiches . Unfortunately , one experience was all it took to convince me that this grill is n't the way to go.I tried to make two grilled ham and cheese sandwiches . Within about 30 seconds of the grilling , it was pouring cheese out all sides of the grill -LRB- and no , before you wonder I did n't use a lot of cheese -RRB- . I did n't even let it finish the cooking cycle because the cheese was getting underneath the grill and I did n't want it near the cord.When I opened the unit I got two sandwiches that needed to be separated from one another -LRB- and cut into halves -RRB- using a steak knife , and even that was a pain . The sandwiches themselves , which started as standard store-bought bread , were now mashed into what looked more like pita bread -LRB- hollow , thin , and a little tough -RRB- . The edges were burned black ; just generally not a good sandwich.As opposed to cleaning the liquid cheese off , this device just went in the trash . I ca n't recommend this even over just a standard non-stick griddle .
 Do not purchase . It is the worse grilled cheese maker ever . Amazon does not stand behind the product , and Cuisinart will not stand behind their product either . I want to return it , but neither company will stand behind it . Beware !
 we had this less than a year and it now does n't heat up at all . The design made it so that all bread , no matter how thing was a little challenging to close the lid .
 I tried a few sandwich makers and I 'm not satisfied with this one at all.I wo n't recommend it to anyone.Spend more money and get a better one.The cheese always melted down and comes out of it .
 I 'm disappointed with this sandwich/omelet maker , which I began having problems with about the third time I used it . The green light comes on ; I pour in my egg mixture to make little `` omelets '' -- and the light stays green , meaning that it is n't cooking . In order for the red light to come back on I have to unplug it for several minutes and try again . Usually takes a couple of tries just to get it to work . I would have returned it , but it 's just too much hassle at this point .
 Used it for about a month before it quit working , The indicator lights still came on but the unit would not heat up . Even when working , it was good for grilled cheese sandwiches and that 's about all .
 The thing works and does what it 's supposed to do , but it is cheap looking and the plastic surface paint scraped on the first use .
 We brought this item , thinking Cuisinart Brand product will be better constructed than others , but it seems it is not actually made by Cuisinart but by some Chinese manufactures and Cuisinart just put its label on top . Quality is useless and it last only 6 month . Wrong decision ... useless product
 I purchased this item to replace the sandwich maker I left at an old apartment . I could n't remember the old one I had but saw this and purchased it . I used it to make grilled cheese as I had done so with my previous one . Well , I ended up with grilled bread with cheese on the outside and all over my counter . The item was locked and I followed the instructions , the item was just poorly made . I wish I had the name of the other brand I formerly had because I never had any issues with it . Do n't buy this one .
 I guess that I am one of the few people that do not buy the small square loaves of bread . I had to trim off all the crusts to fit my slices of bread in this . The toasted cheese sandwiches were ok , but this device causes the filling to be pushed towards the middle , with little filling at the points.You have to mash the lid down to close.This is not really a sandwich griller . Keep looking ...
 This grill is very , very , very limited it what you can make with it . The grills are so small -LRB- 4 `` x5 '' -RRB- that no bread of any kind will fit without trimming . I tried to make a grilled cheese sandwich and the bread was hardly browned and the cheese ozzed out . I will put it away in case I ever want to make grilled tea sandwichs !
 Plusses
 I looked forwarded to the tasty goodies this new toy and I would cook up . Now it occupies space in the land of disappointing gadgets . No sandwich or omelet I made could really be called edible ; that is unless you prefer driving a bus over your meal just before eating . A frying pan is the better alternative .
 This is probably a good product . But I did n't like it . Too messy , too small , leaks too much , too much trouble and to hard to clean . It spends it 's life in a landfill somewhere . I make my hot sandwiches in the microwave .
 I make a lot of grilled sandwiches so I bought this thinking it would be easier than just doing them in a frying pan . I was very disappointed.First off , this thing is impossible to clean . The hinges in the back are very close together with seams which allow anything that seeps out -LRB- cheese mostly -RRB- to get stuck in there . There is no way to separate the top from the bottom and the space is too small to actually get in there and clean effectively so you get food stuck in there that you ca n't reach to clean.Another annoyance is your sandwich wo n't actually be separated as you would expect , you have to actually cut them with a knife -LRB- pulling apart does n't work as the crease is n't even deep enough to allow you to do that -RRB- Thirdly , the sandwiches I made did not taste that great . I tried using cooking spray and even some butter to see if that was the difference , but they still tasted slightly `` off '' . Not a bad taste , just something weird about it.I never used it to make omelets or french toast or anything like that -LRB- just grilled sandwiches -RRB- so I ca n't really comment on those but I 'd imagine you 'd have the same problem with clean up.There is no on and off switch , nor any temperature settings . If you want to cook something less or more well done you cannot.I used this thing probably 5 or 6 times before I gave up and sent it back . I was hoping this would be more convenient to use but it was not at all .
 I purchased this recently and was happy to get one . My wife and i used it to make 2 sandwiches which turned out great and we were very pleased . However , a couple of days later we wanted to use this product for a second time and it would not heat up . The green light comes on which indicates it is heated and ready for use but it is not heated . Im very dissapointed in the reliability of this product . When it worked it worked the one time it worked beautifully . All im saying is be aware of the reliability issue when ordering online since you may be packing it back up and sending it back .
 This sandwich maker has a big sticker on top when you get it ... ca n't use til you remove , and it is put on with Super Glue . You ca n't submerge unit in water , so I wet soapy sponge and left it on lable for 40 minutes . Still would n't release . Had too use a dull small canape knife to work on it ... still would n't release without a lot of pressure . Now has stratches and big black gouge on top so you ca n't return , and there is still the glue residue all over top of unit -LRB- could only get the paper off ... glue wo n't release with soap and water or finger nail polish remover -RRB- . Cuisinart ... Why ruin your product by not using a quick release lable ... what 's point of having it glued on permanently ?????
 The design of the hinges -LRB- fixed rather than slip-joint -RCB- severely limits the thickness of the sandwich you can make . With more than one ingredient in the sandwich , the heating plates are not parallel . The top slice of bread gets toasted unenenly , and the cheese oozes out .
 I bought this sandwich maker so my daughter would be able to make quick sandwiches without my assistance . The Grill works fine but I find that the plates are too small for regular slice bread . My daughter likes to make grilled cheese on this and she usually adds tomatoes and sometimes other ingredients as well . Since the plates are so small the bread hangs on the sides of the grill and if she uses more than one slice of cheese it melts all over the machine . Especially the back where its hard to get it clean . This would have been perfect if it had larger plates .
 THIS ITEM LASTS ONLY MAX 6 MONTHS !!! I ALREADY BOUGHT FEW AND TODAY THE LAST ONE I PURCHASED DOES NOT WORK ANYMORE . I AM VERY UPSET AND FED UP TO SPEND MONEY .
 Thought this would be good for my teenager to make grilled cheese sandwiches for herself but apparently 1 slice of cheese is too much , this overflowed everywhere and made a huge mess . What cheese remained was like molten lava and the bread was soggy by the time it cooled off enough to eat . Wish I would have looked at some of these reviews prior to buying this !
 I bought this appliance a couple of years ago . I used it only rarely , then discovered I could make quesadillas with it -LRB- as long as the tortilla is folded in half -RRB- and began using it regularly . Food tends to stick -- despite the `` non-stick '' surface -- and so of course , the thing is incredibly difficult to clean . I could deal with the cleaning task . But , all of a sudden , large flakes of teflon began coming off . I reported this to Cuisinart , asking if I could purchase replacement plates . The answer was no . They also did n't offer to replace the unit . So , I threw it away . I generally like Cuisinart products . I will not again purchase a product that has a non-stick surface
 Worked great about 20 times , then both lights quit working and it stopped heating . My son had one and had the same problem . Went back to our 20 year old model and it just keeps working .
 I had great hopes that this would replace my Snakmaster sandwich maker which was accidentally given away . It looks the same . But noooo ! The wells for the meat filling are so deep that when the sandwich bread is put in the space , it falls over the center ridge spilling the contents out the sides . It toasts very unevenly -LRB- I should have paid attention to a previous review . -RRB- And worst of all , it only `` seals '' the sandwich in the middle instead of all sides . You end up with four triangle sandwiches sealed on one side only . My Snakmaster gave me a triangle pocket sandwich , sealed all the way around . I expected more from Cuisinart . Sigh ...
 I thought this would be a great substitute for grilling sandwiches on the stove , but there are two serious drawbacks
 This produces inedible sandwiches . They are consistently squashed and overdone . I have a number of Cuisinart appliances which I like ; this one is unworthy of the Cuisinart name . In summary , this is a useless waste which does not justify the space it takes in the kitchen . Now do you want to know what I really think ?
 After using it for about 2 months it simply stopped working . There are no lights when plugged in and does n't work at all . Trying to contact the manufacturer for warranty coverage .
 I agree with the other reviewers who said that this sandwich maker can not handle much of a sandwich . I wish I had heeded the advice but I thought that since so many were positive that it must be OK - I was WRONG!I just bought and received this grill and made a simple grill cheese sandwich using two slices of American cheese and nothing else per sandwich . The cheese cane running out of the maker and went all over the hinges and outside parts as well as the counter . It remains a mess that I do not know how to clean since the cheese is all over the hinges and wires . The sandwich itself came out pretty well squashed . It was tasty but squashed . I suggested to hubby that maybe we could use the grill to try French Toast or garlic bread and he said `` NO WAY ... too thin and squashed '' . So ... my advice ... make grilled cheese sandwiches in a fry pan . This grill maker will either go back to AMAZON or else be donated to a charity sale.I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE ! It is bad news !! I am very sorry I bought it !!
 I 've now gone through 2 of these in 18 months . The non-stick surface chips off easily and I did not use a metal utensil on it . It just seemed to rub off while I was cleaning . We got a few good months out of both of them , but for now I do n't want to serve my children chipping teflon -LRB- or whatever it is -RRB- in their grilled cheese sandwiches . I 'm sure I could send it back for another one from Cuisinart -LRB- which I did w/the first one -RRB- but I think I will try another brand .
 I ca n't believe that so few people have mentioned the gigantic ` permanent ' sticker on the top of the grill.This thing is stuck on with some serious glue and seems to withstand all attempts at removing it . Any further attempts will likely result in scratching the surface of the item , thereby voiding whatever warranty they may offer on the thing . -LRB- The conspiracy theorist in me wants me to believe that this is by design . -RRB- I 'll be sending this item back as it 's completely useless to me . I ca n't use it without removing the sticker , I ca n't remove the darn thing and I ca n't risk scratching the grill itself .
 I dont know how any body liked this . Its hard to clean , and doesnot have any basic timer . What all it has is red and green light , and most of the times its not accurate . if you open the lid thinking it is ready beacause of green light . it is never ready.omlette is the toughest thing to clean if it falls at the back . It is a nightmare if you are planning to add ketchup or something.not even worth free ...
 I got this sandwich grill in a Christmas gift exchange and was thrilled at first . It seemed like such a neat appliance , and reminded me of the old Snackmaster sandwich makers from the 1980 's . The first sandwich I made with it was just OK , and every sandwich since has gotten progressively worse . The problem is that it just does n't hold much , only uses standard size pre-sliced sandwich bread , makes extremely flat sandwiches that do n't even seal together properly , and whichever side has the sauce on it from the inside always ends up really soggy . If you are only using it for grilled cheese then fine , it 's probably decent . But who needs this to make grilled cheese when a frying pan or griddle works just as well ? I did n't even attempt French toast since I use French bread and that would n't fit in here . I would think an omelette would be incredibly messy . As it is you have to be very careful to keep the filling well inside the bread so it does n't ooze out when you close the lid . I even tried making a sandwich without locking it or pressing down really hard to see if maybe the bread would n't be so flat , and one whole side came out soggy.Not worth even messing with . I really wanted to like this but it just seems like a waste of space . I 'm so happy I did n't spend any of my own money on it , and I 'm putting it in the donation box for Goodwill .
 This is one of the most annoying and badly designed machines of its kind.It is this side of un-cleanable . An odd size , but quick to do what it should do . But it is the aftermath !!! Cleaning it takes more time than preparing and cooking . And in the end , the cleaning is always difficult and usually unsatisfactory because of the silly and thoughtless design which must be by someone who has
 When this worked , it was the most popular appliance in our house . We used it for 3 months . Every weekend we made sandwiches for a family of 5 . It was wonderful - very easy to clean up . Then one day , we could n't get it to heat up . Several other people have commented on the light coming on and it just not heating up , which is what ours did . So , thinking we just had a bad one , we got another one at the store . The 2nd one only lasted a week before it started doing the same thing !!! We are so very disappointed because we love using it and expect more from the Cuisinart brand . We are very dissapointed in the reliability of this product .
 I am changing my previous review . My sandwich maker stopped working in a few months , and that too with careful usage.When i asked for warranty , this is the mail that i got : -LRB- Basically they ask me to spend $ 17 in shipping to get a replacement for a product that is worth that much -RRB- . You guys decide if you want to buy this worthless product.Valued Customer , Thank you for your inquiry . Based on the information you have provided , your unit is within the limited warranty period and can be set up for replacement . However , our warranty does not include shipping and processing fees . Based on your specific product , your shipping and processing fees for us mailing out your new unit will be $ 10.00 . We ask that you cover the cost of shipping the defective unit to Cuisinart . We recommend that you use a traceable insured delivery service . Please reply with history to this email a Service Notification number will be created and an e-mail will be sent back to you with instruction on how to proceed on returning your defective unit . If you prefer , we welcome you to call our Customer Service Department at 1-800-726-0190 with this information . Please keep in mind the Customer Service Agent will not have access to your e-mail information . The hours of operation are 7 AM -11 PM EST Monday through Friday and 9 AM - 5:30 PM on Saturdays and Sundays , excluding major holidays .
 I prefer triangle sandwiches ... So I bought this in Macy 's a couple of months back . . it was working just fine . . then the grill stopped heating ... very disappointed ... Back in India Philips sandwich makers are availabe which work for years without a problem ... mine had worked for 15yrs !!! wonder why philips sandwich maker is not available here . .
 I 'm very disappointed . I 've purchased this machine to heat pita breads in it so that I can eat it , and unfortunately I 've found that it is not suitable for this kind of bread . I have checked on the return option for this item , and I 've found that there is no benefit if I return it because it will cost me about the half of its price . There was an option under the reason list that I used to see in the past but I ca n't find anymore . The option was `` different from what I was expected '' or so , and it was a great option because it explains my situation perfectly , but I do n't know why I can not find it anymore at Amazon.com . However , this is one of the times that I felt that I 'm unlucky and not satisfied with my purchase at Amazon.com .
 There are very few positive things I can say about this grill . To get them out of the way first :1 -RRB- It cooks sandwiches quickly , and they 're never burned nor undercooked .2 -RRB- It has the simplest operation I can imagine . Load sandwich -LRB- es -RRB- into the grill , close and latch it , plug it in , wait for the green light to turn on ... Now on to the bad .1 -RRB- It is way , way , way too small . I have never seen a slice of bread that would fit into the sandwich plates correctly that is n't some sort of expensive tiny specialty bread . Seriously , the outside of the space it allots for a single sandwich is 53/16 ths inches by 47/16 ths inches .2 -RRB- Possibly due to # 1 , every time you attempt to make a sandwich involving cheese , the cheese invariably leaks out of the grill -- generally all over the counter -- leaving very little inside your sandwich and a giant mess for you to clean up . Note that this happens even if you take the time to trim the bread slices to the finicky smallness it wants .3 -RRB- Definitely due to # 2 , this thing is a gigantic pain to clean . Cheese gums up the hinges and the little spring that connects the upper heating elements to the lower and gets into the little crannies between the heating plate and the handle , and there is nothing you can do to stop it ... If you 're desperate to avoid a skillet for your grilled cheese sandwiches , just use a George Foreman style grill . At least that 's big enough for a real sandwich and easier to clean out if the cheese gets everywhere .
 I received this Cuisinart Sandwich Grill as a Christmas gift . Looks nice and I usually like Cuisinart products . Today we gave it a try with a grilled cheese and added some bacon and tomato . After reading the directions , two sandwiches were assembled and placed in the Sandwich Grill . Very soon we could hear sizzling noises and steam was coming out of the machine . When the indicator went to `` ready '' , I tried to remove the sandwiches and this was accomplished with some difficulty . The toasted bread was dry and filling was much too hot . Cheese was oozing and this made for a messy meal . Cleaning up the Sandwich Grill was a pain.In summary , I could make the same sandwich on my stove top with a nonstick pan faster and with better results . And , clean up with a nonstick pan is always easy . Perhaps we 'll give it another try , but I wo n't be in a hurry to use it again .
 I think once I actually try this product , I will like it . The problem is I am SOO frustrated with the `` pre-use prep '' that I feel like sending it back . All because of a stupid sticker.I know what you are thinking ... `` A sticker ? `` YES . It comes with a sticker on top of the grill that says you must remove it before using it . It took me 30 minutes of carefully trying to get that sticker off and it still did n't come off . I looked online for products that could remove sticker goo and I read that finger nail polish remover would take it off . And it did -LRB- well , it spread it around a lot -RRB- . It also took off some of the paint on top of the grill.Now I have a brand new , never used , sticky , scratched , ugly grill.It stinks to have a brand new item that can not work properly out-of-the-box without 45 minutes of work , and without ruining the top of it . If it had come by that marred top honestly , by years and years of use , I could live with that.I contacted cuisinart to let them know about the sticker glue and they said this , `` Valued Customer , We apologize for the inconvenience . Unfortunately , the sticker glue is not considered a manufacturers defect . We recommend goo gone to take the adhesive off . If you have any further questions please reply , with history , to this email . We invite you to call our Customer Service Department at 1-800-726-0190 , if you prefer . The hours of operation are 7 AM -11 PM EST Monday through Friday and 9 AM - 5:30 PM on Saturdays and Sundays , excluding major holidays.Closing greeting ofSincerely , RobertCuisinart Customer Service Representative `` Gee . . thanks . AFTER THE FACT ! I do n't even have GOO GONE.Whatever . My only payback is giving this stupid product/company 1 star so that maybe more people WO N'T buy this grill.Maybe I 'll change my rating once I 've used it . I just need to blow off some steam . I 'm feeling a little better now .
 This product worked only for about 6 months for me !! I dont even know why it stopped working ?? I hardly used it ... I wont recommend it . .
 Needs rethinking .1 . No on/off switch ; pull and plug cord into outlet each use .2 . Only one arbitrary temperature ; overcooks often .3 . Contents of sandwiches often spill over edges .4 . Gives off smoke and odor like back of a turnpike diner .5 . Must be scrubbed by hand almost immediately , else grease is baked permanently into the nonstick -LRB- sic -RRB- surface and can not be removed by Lysol , Krud Kutter , kitchen sponge rough side , etc. . Perhaps could be cleaned by chipping with a paint scraper -- bye cooking surface .6 . New unit could not be given away to Salvation Army , had to be discarded per # 5 .
 I bought 2 of this for a countdown for a cruise for my daughter & myself . She did n't like it & it `` was lost '' I did n't like it because it was too hard to operate .
 I purchased this unit because of its small size which I thought would be useful in our kitchen . We have a much larger unit of this type but it is inconvenient to use for small amounts of food . This unit chopped well but there was always a problem with unchopped food in the bottom of the glass container . With extra stirring you could manage to get everything chopped but it was a mess to have to open and close the unit many times to achieve this . It appears that a poor design of the glass bowl and cutting blades are the problem . We have gone to another small chopper and have given up using the DeLonghi unit .
 Cute pot . A pain to clean -- there is no filter -- good for environment , but one must scoop wet grounds out with hand . I tried pulling the stopper to loosen grounds but worse , the grounds all came flying out . The pot does not stay on long enough . I land up drinking cool coffee after 30 minutes . I am impatient and think it took too long to brew -LRB- my Delonghi percolater was fastest -RRB- . Too pricey for not being perfect .
 Good while it worked , but that was only for about 5 months . The ` on ' switch started flickering from time to time , and now it does n't work at all.That 's why I 'm here online ... shopping for a replacement !
 The kettle is cute and convenient for workplace-cube use by one person . However , I just got this a couple of months ago , and the nickel plating is already wearing off the element , exposing some nasty looking corrosion and leaving chunks of metal in my water ! This ca n't be healthy .
 I bought this with some trepidation , having read the reviews that stated the kettle would only last a few months . However , I liked that it had a European plug with an American adaptor , as I was purchasing it for travel . I love my tea before bedtime and I knew there would n't be microwaves in the budget rooms I 'd booked ! I used it about four times at home to ensure I knew how it operated and packed it up and took it to Turkey . It worked there the first two nights . The third night I plugged it in prior to putting water in and there was a poof of steam and voila - the death of the Bodum . I am not advocating turning on a device without water , but is n't that what the automatic turnoffs are supposed to be for ??? So here am I online searching for a more reliable product ...
 OW MY THUMB I JUST BURNED MY THUMB BECAUSE STEAM VENTS OUT THE BACK WHEN YOUR POUR IT WHY WAS THAT A GOOD IDEA OW OW OW ... I really did just burn myself not 60 seconds ago .
 I followed the instructions to the letter . The kettle did not work at all . See that black switch sticking out on the right hand side below the handle ? When you press that switch down , it 's supposed to turn on the heating element , stay down until the water boils , and then pop up . On my unit , the switch seemed to be defective . When I pressed it down to start the heating , it kept popping up and would not stay down . The teakettle was totally incapable of heating water . I recommend this product only to those who need an unsightly -LSB- -RSB- paperweight . I exchanged it for a T-Fal -LRB- model `` 78541 7-cup Vitesse High Speed Kettle '' -RRB- . The T-Fal works perfectly , looks a lot better , holds more , heats quickly , and easily lifts off its base to move about without its power cord . The T-Fal shows its water level . It can be filled through its spout . When you fill through the spout , it filters your water . I can not imagine an electric teakettle better than the T-Fal .
 I bought this less than a year ago . I loved it at first ... really heats quickly . However , I found the plastic difficult to keep clean and when I wiped it down with a damp sponge , it shorted out the switch . I expected better from Bodum .
 This is the worst product I have ever gotten . I take care of my appliances and I always read the instruction booklet before use . The first time I used it , the lid could not be opened . I checked and it was clear that it was a very simple design meaning I had to pull it open by force . I carefully pulled it and increased the force after failure attempts . Voila , the lid is out and could not be put back anymore!Oh and very soon it stopped the auto-shut-off function so i actually have to stay with it to make sure it does n't cause a fire.Very horrible , do n't ever buy this product !
 Great during the 6 months it worked . Boiled about 3-4 cups of water pretty fast -LRB- about 1 cup per min -RRB- . BUT after 6 months the ` on ' switch started flicking back up whenever we tried to switch it on , and now it does n't work at all . Very frustrating !!! And now I 'm shopping for a replacement !
 1 . Cute design , yes .2 . Small footprint , yes .3 . Faulty design
 Bought this product for my elderly in laws to prevent the `` forgotten tea kettle meltdown syndrome '' . The auto shut off feature is very appealing however neither one could remove or replace the lid after being shown how . I would imagine that it would be a fine water boiler for a college dorm or apartment dweller .
 I returned this item because it was manufactured in China . I had called Amazon customer service before I ordered it and asked where it was made . I was told that since the item code had USA in it , that indicated it was made in the USA . I do not ingest anything that comes in contact with any product made in China . Therefore I returned the tea kettle .
 I ordered the item , thinking it was a replacement but when I received it , it was not the right item -LRB- or size -RRB- I returned it and have already received notice of its return . I am pleased with how Amazon handled this.Thank you .
 We have used our DFP-7BC for a little over a year . The comments about the safety feature are spot on . In addition , the plastic locking tab on the lid carriage breaks very easily . We have been thru 2 of them now and it is expensive to replace . We have tried to contact the company to get some relief , but so far have not gotten it . If we do I will udpate this review , but otherwise I would stay far away from this POS and find a professional model designed by a company that actually understands the home kitchen .
 Being a person that loves cooking , and was fed up with trying to process food in a blender , I decided to get a food processor . Cuisinart is supposedly known for quality items , but if this piece is any indicator , I will stay far away from their goods in the future . It is possible that I got a lemon , so please keep in mind that I am rating my experience with this device.Why only 1 star , I mean surely it is n't that bad ?! Well , I would love to rate it higher , but I have only gotten it to work a handful of times . I even had an engineer friend over , and he could n't figure it out . Apparently , as at least one other reviewer has mentioned , this device comes complete with safety features that do n't allow it to work unless all of the parts are in place ... and I mean in perfect alignment . After tinkering around with this over an hour the first time I used it , I finally got it to work . But then , after a little time , it quit . I guess it was out of `` perfect alignment '' . I 'm all for safety , but I do n't need something so safe I ca n't even operate it . I attempted a couple more times to fix the problem , but alas , it only worked one more time and resulted in a couple meals going to waste.But it worked at least once right , surely that 's worth 2 stars , right ? Wrong ! This thing also leaks like house missing a roof . Anything , and I mean ANYTHING closely resembling liquid you put in before or after you blend will immediately pour out everywhere . The only thing I can guess is , to be fair , that this device is only meant to be operated by people blending very dry things ... who are mechanical engineers.To be honest , yes , this could be a lemon . But even with the leak aside , this thing was an absolute pain to get working , mainly stemming from the terrible design requiring everything to be perfectly fit together -LRB- and the parts do n't easily fit , you have to work them a bit -RRB- . Avoid this nightmare of a device and research other food processors and find one that is easy to operate and makes cooking a joy , not a frustration .
 Although the motor is great . I wind up having to manually hold the top down to make a connection for the blades to activate . Just impossible and defeats the purpose of having `` a second pair of hands '' i.e. a food processor .
 I thought this was a great food processor - until one day I put my lettuce in the feed tube , pressed the pulse button , and nothing - dead . It comes with a warranty , but I 've tried to call the Cuisinart number and I get a busy signal every time . I have only had the thing for less than 4 months . I would never recomend this product to anyone , nor will I buy from Cuisinart again .
 I was the first in my neighborhood to buy a Cuisinart -LRB- made in France -RRB- 30 years ago after hearing Julia praise it . It served me VERY VERY well.It was time to buy a new processor so I bought this model . IMPOSSIBLE TO CLEAN ! NEARLY IMPOSSIBLE TO USE ! AND THE MOTOR DIED AFTER 3 USES . This model is made in China -LRB- so what else is new ? -RRB- . Save yourself some grief .
 I was the first my neighborhood to buy a Cuisinart 30 years ago . It served me very very well for all these years . Time to get a new one so I purchased this model . It was impossible to clean , very difficult to use , and died after 3 uses . Save yourself some grief .
 The seller says this gasket `` Fits all Hamilton Beach domestic models , '' but if you are looking for a gasket for a Hamilton Beach Wave Station Express -LRB- Model 54615 , -RRB- then you will be wasting your money if you buy this.It is too small to fit where it is intended to go . That said , it is very close to fitting correctly , and if you force it , it does go on ... but it doesnt lay flat once you do manage to force it on . Then to top it off , it is too thick . So then you have to force the sealing pieces together . It 's just no good.I was gon na send it back to the seller , but then I decided to just keep it and use it as comparison to find a gasket slightly larger that would fit my blender.I was successful in that search . So if you are looking for a replacement gasket for a Hamilton Beach Wave Station Express -LRB- Model 54615 , -RRB- go to the plumbing section of the Home Depot . Find the Danco `` Fluidmaster '' brand Toilet Flush Valve Seal . It says it `` fits Mansfield 210 & 211 '' on the package . Model number listed is 88096 . UPC is 037155676293 . That gasket fits perfectly and seals beautifully for the model of blender I listed . It will cost around $ 2 .
 I bought this with high hopes for my Hamiton beach wave action blender . It did n't fit .
 this o-ring is thicker than the one replacing it . do n't know at what point it changed , but what a disappointment . the blender does n't fit in the housing correctly and runs the motor super hot .
 While the gasket I 'm sure fits some blender , it does not fit the blender it is supposed to fit . It is to large and too thick . I am looking eles were to find one that fits and will not purchase from the web again . I strongly suggest that unless it have a model number that matches exactly , these gaskets are not interchangable and you need to take your base to the store with you .
 It does not fit all Hamilton beach models . It was not expensive , but it will not work in the wave master blenders . That is such a shame . Unfortunately Hamilton Beach wants 7.99 for their gasket and 8.99 to ship the darn thing . I could buy a new blender for a few dollars more .
 This Does not fit the Hamilton Beach / Proctor Silex Commercial Blender , Model 91200 . The gasket is a bit too wide.The seal ring might fit other blenders OK , but not mine . Product appears to be sufficient quality , if it were the correct size .
 Too small for my Wave-Action 10-speed . Frustrating to wait for it to arrive , only to find it does n't fit .
 Seal was not the correct one for my model , it was too large for the blender but we modified the seal and made it work . I did not contact seller for a replacement since it was such a small purchase and just would have been more trouble than it was worth , we just made it work . It is still working .
 Item seemed hand made and was torn when i received it . Above all it didnt fit my blender , so it was a waste of time and money
 We were told this ring was the size for our blender , but it was n't . The shipper was great to get it returned , we just did n't return it because it was n't expensive at all .
 Good quality ; it would be a fine replacement if only it fit my blender . This o-ring seal was advertised as fitting all Hamilton Beach blenders made in the U.S. I have a B40 blender -LRB- 51645 -RRB- and it is the wrong one .
 We ordered the expresso - but the color is quite different . The lighter shade is greenish grey ! and the darker in almost black . Will do better in a black/grey scheme rather than expresso scheme . - So upsetting !
 Beware . This dish rack is compact and cute , but it rusts big time . Also the cutlery rack is awkwardly designed , so knives and forks lean way over and sometimes flip out .
 In theory this dish rack is a great idea - compatible , small and perfect for those -LRB- like me -RRB- who do not like clutter on their countertops.BUT - I regret this purchase big-time . The dish rack has rusted and now caused permanent stains on my beautiful granite countertop . Obviously I will not make this purchase again nor do I recommend it for anyone who values their countertops .
 We ordered the expresso - but the color is quite different . The lighter shade is greenish grey ! and the darker in almost black . Will do better in a black/grey scheme rather than expresso scheme . - So upsetting !
 The chair had a poor design . Some tiny screws came away from the platform , unrelated to the parts we needed to put together ourselves . We were able to return it with no problem , however it was disappointing .
 I bought this after trying my friends apple peeler/corer . This one is junk compared to his . It makes apple sauce , not nicely peeled apples .
 We ordered the expresso - but the color is quite different . The lighter shade is greenish grey ! and the darker in almost black . Will do better in a black/grey scheme rather than expresso scheme . - So upsetting !
 We ordered the expresso - but the color is quite different . The lighter shade is greenish grey ! and the darker in almost black . Will do better in a black/grey scheme rather than expresso scheme . - So upsetting !
 We ordered the expresso - but the color is quite different . The lighter shade is greenish grey ! and the darker in almost black . Will do better in a black/grey scheme rather than expresso scheme . - So upsetting !
 We ordered the expresso - but the color is quite different . The lighter shade is greenish grey ! and the darker in almost black . Will do better in a black/grey scheme rather than expresso scheme . - So upsetting !
 We ordered the expresso - but the color is quite different . The lighter shade is greenish grey ! and the darker in almost black . Will do better in a black/grey scheme rather than expresso scheme . - So upsetting !
 Worked nicely for three weeks , ultra quiet and easy to fill . But after the first cleaning it refused to run again . The power light would n't even come on . Too delicate ? Bad design ? Manufacturing defect ? Who knows . Returned to Bed , Bath and Beyond , tryng a Vortex model .
 Without going into a long diatribe , let 's just say I 'm not pleased.It worked wonderfully for one season - of which consisted of roughly 3 months use during the driest of winter months here in the Mid-Atlantic . I made sure the oscillator was cleaned of sediment and buildup every 3rd refill or as needed.The following season , the water would only burble with mist production at barely a wisp . Apparently this issue is not unique to the VS100 . Several other Venta models with the ultra-sonic transducer experience the same issue after < 1 year of use . When I saw `` Made in Korea '' I raised and eyebrow . Korean 's are n't exactly known for robust and wonderful electronics or consumer products -LRB- Kia , Samsung phones , etc. -RRB- . Add Venta to the list . Wo n't purchase again . You should n't either.Video of an issue similar to mine
 According to their advertisement , it 's the # 1 selling humidifier in Germany . Germans would not put up with it 's poor quality and construction . I maintained it as instructed but after a few uses , it started leaking . Luckily I live relatively close and can bring it to their factory . The cap on the tank is leaking . It 's a $ 5.00 part , but costs $ 7.95 to ship ????? It 's light-weight plastic and no more than 4in in diameter . This was the most expensive portable humidifier , which goes to show that you do n't always get what you paid for . The carpeting and hardwood floors are soaked . Needless to say that I would NOT recommend Venta Sonic .
 I got this exact Venta-Sonic model at a local Bed Bath and Beyond , expecting silent or near silent operation , after reading all the raving reviews here ! As a satisfied Venta Air Washer customer , I hate to say that Venta-Sonic disappoints ! It has disturbing high-frequency noises and it 's far from the best ! The overall noise volume Venta-Sonic imparts is lower than most fan-based humidifier . It makes high-frequency noise that feels piercing , causing me headaches . If you are sensitive to noises , looking for silence , Venta-Sonic does n't cut it.The first Venta-Sonic I bought kept me up all night -LRB- in New York City ! -RRB- with its high-frequency noise and some sharp squeeking noise like some machine parts are n't fit right . Background noises ca n't drown out Venta ! It gave me a mighty headache ! Lowering machine 's output or varying cold/hot mist settings does n't make any difference ! And once it 's in operation , moving it only a tiny bit - water comes out between base and tank!I exchanged for another unit . I also bought the newest model of Air-O-Swiss with digital control for comparison as I was told that it 's the best humidifier on market . The two machines sat side-by-side . It 's clear immediately to everyone that Air-O-Swiss is quieter . Even at highest setting , Air-O-Swiss ' noise level and frequency are lower than Venta-Sonic 's , and they blend nicely into background . They do n't give me headaches . At lower settings , Air-O-Swiss can be virtually silent . With Air-O-Swiss on , I slept very well . The next night was Venta night . Unfortunately , the base machine noise was just as bad as the first unit , but without the strange squeeking noises . I tried to go to sleep with it on but after a few hours , headaches and agitation from the noise made me shut it off and switch on Air-O-Swiss and slept through afterwards.I kept on alternating units days and nights to observe results from continued operation . After three days , Venta-Sonic unit began to add that strange squeeking noise . Air-O-Swiss gave consistent good near silent performance ... and going strong still . Just based on noise-level alone , I had to return Venta-Sonic even though Air-O-Swiss costs $ 50 more . But that extra costs are further justified by the following :1 . Consistent Performance - I can put Air-O-Swiss on automatic mode with preset humidity level before I go to sleep , when I wake up , my bedside humidity reader -LRB- far away from the machine -RRB- has within 1 % margin of error to the preset desired level.Venta-Sonic however , I can put it to MAX settings , and I get only around 32 % sometimes and other times anywhere below 50 % .2 . Greater Output Capacity - My bedroom is 300 square feet + , half of 600 both machines claim can cover . Air-O-Swiss comfortably reaches my desired level -LRB- b/w 40 % and 50 % -RRB- with lower settings -LRB- It can go as high as 75 % , I only set it up to 50 % -RRB- . Venta-Sonic labors over 8 hours at MAX settings and gets me LESS humidity ! It wo n't get me above 50 % .3 . Ease of Use with Digital Control - I like Air-O-Swiss ' Auto Mode with Desired Humidity Setting . The machine adjusts output automatically . Venta-Sonic only has two dials , you 'll have to experiment for a while to find the optimal settings . As soon as atmospheric humidity changes , which can be daily or a few hours , you 'd have to re-adjust again ... that 's like shooting darts in the dark all the time , you can get close if lucky but never on target .4 . Better Mist Venting Notch Design - I put both machines on 3-feet-tall dresser . Air-O-Swiss ' notch is tilted higher than Venta 's . This means when operating cold mist , Air-O-Swiss 's disappears into air vs. some Venta 's still hit the floor - not enough to form condensation but less efficient in humidifying - perhaps that contributes to Venta 's lower output previously mentioned .5 . Better Craftsmanship - Venta-Sonic is a notch below Air-O-Swiss , appears to be made simpler and CHEAPER.Filter changes and clean up are similar . Venta needs to change filter cup . Air-O-Swiss needs filter cup and once-a-year silver stick change . Both are fool proof . Venta filters are more expensive but Air-O-Swill has extra silver stick . Cost-wise it 's similar . I like Air-O-Swiss 's option of replacing resins - just dump old resin in filter cup and put new packet in and you get a NEW filter - this cuts cost by almost 65 % and less trash for the environment.Water tank design is similar . Both fills water upside down . I still prefer Air-O-Swiss because the top is more leveled , easier to sit in sink or bath tub than Venta 's tilted top.Venta-Sonic has a lot to catch up to compared to Air-O-Swiss . Anything Air-O-Swiss can improve ? Sure ! The humidity reader on the machine is adjusted about 13 % lower than actual average room humidity . They probably did it to ensure average humidity far away from the unit reaches target , but I think they can do so internally without having to show it . It would be a mistake to read the room humidity off that machine.After I got the machines , I googled on both . There was one review elsewhere saying that Venta-Sonic broke after a month and half , out of store 30-day warranty and owner took a loss . Air-O-Swiss has 3 year warranty , if I remember correctly , Venta 1 year.The trouble I went through is worth the finding of the right humidifier for me . Hope this helps those with similar concerns !
 My 2 year old has eczema and we have struggled to find a good humidifier . The VENTA SonicS100 looked ideal : cool and warm mist , Ultrasonic , filter . The only problem is , they both stopped producing mist after 3 weeks . The filter went after 2 weeks -LRB- at $ 15 a pop , this can become one expensive humidifier -RRB- . When the filter goes , the water does not drain properly and the unit shuts itself off . I thought maybe I did something wrong with the first one so I was very disciplined in cleaning the metal part in the unit every night . It would still get covered with particles from the filter as well as hard chunks around the rubber . I returned and I am currently in search for a decent humidifier .
 We purchased two of these units at the same time . We purchased an additional water filter for both units as well -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- for each filter -RRB- . The humidifiers worked great for the first winter season . The humidifiers did provide moisture and this did keep us from getting reoccurring sore throats from the heater running continuously during the cold mid-western winter months . However , both humidifiers needed regular cleaning once a week as the vibrating mechanism gets full of gook -LRB- water deposits -RRB- . The humidifiers also made a fine white dust like mist all over the furniture , drapes , etc. . The units continued to work for the remainder of the first winter season but did start an annoying habit of not producing anymore mist when the water tank would become 3/4 empty ? Both humidifiers were drained of fluids , cleaned and stored for summer . Next winter we got them out , replaced the water filter and started them up . Much to our dismay neither of them worked ? Just a dead silence and no mist except from the tears coming from our eyes . -LSB- ... -RSB- dollars times two units -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- plus tax -RRB- was what we paid to have humidity for one winter . We should have bought a humidifier for our furnace . At least in theory , a whole house furnace humidifier would last for years and we would n't have to mess with filling it with water daily or cleaning it weekly . -LSB- ... -RSB- would have got us pretty close to the cost of a whole house humidifier at the Home Depot . Linens N Things is where we purchased the humidifiers and as most of you probably know that chain store did n't work anymore after last winter as well ! You live and you learn !
 I should have read the reviews before I bought this product . I turns on and off . The instructions say there may be an air bubble , and sometimes there is , but mostly when I shake it , it still wo n't come back on . Then in a few minutes , it starts working again . My bedroom is 100 sq. ft. -LRB- 10 x 10 -RRB- and I can get the humidity up to only 28 % .
 My wife and I put this as one item on our wish list for our son 's baby room . What we got was a product that turned itself on and off based upon no logic . We followed all the instructions in the instructions and now just 1 year after buying it we have a broken product that does n't work . Their customer service person was very nice but couldnt replace the unit and after finding all of these other reviews I am disappointed we didnt check first - becuase I would n't have bought one.DONT BUY A PRODUCT FROM THIS COMPANY -
 I purchased this humidifier less than 6 months ago . Like Bill , it did not make it through the winter . Just quit working . It did a great job while it worked , but I do n't appreciate a product that does n't last .
 This humidifier started out great , super quiet , lots of steam and fast ! Fast forward one year later and it just died one day ! Since it has been over 1 year by a couple of months it 's no longer under warranty so I 'm out of luck ! The filters were also $ $ to replace and needed to be changed every couple of weeks .
 I am sad that I can not give it zero stars . It is not worthy of even one . This humidifier worked fine for about one day . Then the agitator needed to be cleaned . With each additional use , it needed more and more cleaning , until it finally stopped working all together . PLEASE , do not buy this or any other product this company makes . They obviously do not care about the consumers , or their reputation , or they would have done SOME kind of testing on this model before releasing it for sale . The fact is , they know they are selling you a POS , and just do n't care . Shame on Bed Bath and Beyond for selling such blantant junk in their stores .
 I bought this and my parents bought the same unit . Almost immediately both of our units sprung a mysterious leak , which demanded placing them on piles of towels . The morning after the night my folks first switched the thing on , there was a flood of water all over the place in their bedroom -LRB- luckily the humidity is very low in Colorado , so it dried up pretty fast -RRB- . This happened although the unit was assembled as the directions stated . Mine leaked , but leaked less spectacularly.Suffice to say , after a month or so , my parents ' unit broke , they returned it for a replacement , that one broke almost right away and they are now on their number 3 venta-sonic . Mine was on the fritz , I had to fool with it constantly to get it to go on , but it managed to work most of the time last winter . However , the humidity level control never seemed to do anything that made any sense to me.Can ' t they make a humidifier that actually works reliably over there in China ? Judging from the reviews of all the humidifiers the answer is no . I am now in the market for a new one , having lost a component necessary to the operation of this one somewhere during a move ...
 I purchased a VS-100 from a local Ace Hardware outlet . The humidistat did n't function at all . It always trips at a point just past fully counter-clockwise , regardless of the humidity of the room -LRB- as measured with a digital humidity meter that DOES function correctly . -RRB- I took it back and got another unit . Exactly the same problem.The humidifier is either on or off all the time . If you turn the control just above the point where it trips , it will stay on and never turn off . If you turn it down to just below where it trips , it turns off and stays off.I called Venta-Sonic customer support today , and they were n't very helpful . The said it should n't do that , and to take it back and get another . I 've already done that . I twisted her arm to get the phone number of a supervisor or quality control person -LRB- not sure which she gave me -RRB- and left a voice mail.This company does n't seem very interested in producing a quality product . I like the product over all , but I 'll be damned if I 'm going to surf the humidity control manually to maintain desired humidity . I can probably get a cheapie for half the price that will do that .
 This ultrasonic humidifier worked well initially . Quickly produced vapor , quiet , and effectively raised humidity in room by 10 % . The built-in humidistat worked well , and turned unit off appropriately . HOWEVER , the major flaw in this product is that it only worked for about a day . After that , I noticed that the unit stopped producing vapor no matter what I did , including manually filling the lower chambers with water . When I returned it , customer service actually told me most of their customers also were returning this unit , as they too had problems . So , do yourself a favor and stay away !
 Its operation is excellent when it works.Personally I would love to know what other people are doing to keep this operating . My wife and I also found that if we use filtered water the unit 's filter lasts a lot longer.However I owned two units last year and they would operate completely erratic . The problem is that water does not pass through the filter well.I returned them this year for two new ones thinking perhaps it was a fluke . The new units received filtered water from the get go . IN LESS THAN A DAY IT STOPS WORKING . Water will not pass through the -LSB- add explicative here -RSB- filter . Now if the filter would actually pass water like it should I would be happy.Moreover , these units are not cost effective . At $ 15 for a filter the cost of ownership on these units gets expensive quickly . The manual states to replace them in approximately 3 months . So depending on where you live , you will need to change them once a season -LRB- according to Venta -RRB- . However in my experience , if you use tap water -LRB- and the mineral content is key -RRB- , you will need to change them ONCE A MONTH ! spending an additional $ 45 per season is rather expensive . You can obtain a whole house humidifier for about $ 150 - 300 . This is now making a lot more sense to purchase one instead of dealing with this headache.I am now going to purchase a whole house humidifier instead and my home will be humidifed and not just two rooms .
 Venta is the company best known for their airwashers . The airwashers are highly regarded and fairly expensive . You would think that they 'd be able to produce a reliable , fairly simple , ultrasonic humidifier but this is n't the case . I did n't actually buy my Venta Sonic thru Amazon , but feel strongly enough about the lack of reliability to post a review here so somebody else does n't end up making the same mistake that I did . The Venta Sonic has some impressive statistics . It pumps out more humidity than virtually any other ultrasonic humidifier that I was able to find -LRB- and , in addition , much more than most evaporative humidifiers , which tend to work very well when the filters are really new , but deteriorate rapidly w/respect to ability to humidify the air after the filters grow just a little old -RRB- . However , the reliability of these units is absolutely horrible . My first unit worked well for a couple of months , but then as it aged the effective amount of water that it was able to pump out into the air deteriorated markedly , from roughly four gallons every 24 hours to under two gallons every 24 hours . I returned it to the store where I bought it and got a replacement . The replacement never worked right out of the box - it would create mist for 30 min - 1 hour , at which point it would simply shut itself down . I took it back to the store -LRB- Bed Bath and Beyond -RRB- , and the lady at the returns counter told me that it was the fifth unit that they had been returned that day . Note that this was at 11A , which means that the store had only been open for two hours . I would strongly advise people considering this product to purchase something else . With a prime premium like you pay for the Venta Sonic -LRB- $ 100 vs. $ 30 for cheaper ultrasonic humidifiers -RRB- , it may make a lot more sense to just think about your humidifier as something that is disposable . Use it for a season then buy another . If you 're going to do that , though , no need to spend $ 100 .
 So disappointed in this product ! Bought this last year and it is completely useless now . It stopped working a few times last season , as others have reported in their reviews , and worked intermittently from then on . Now it 's not working at all after cleaning it according to instructions . Was great when it actually worked . I did n't know how much my hubby paid for this item until I decided to write a review ! Aghh ! We have an extra filter too that will now go to waste .
 This product is very expensive . It eats filters if you ` re on well water . I have to clean the unit more frequently then is normal -- everytime i change the water , and the filters , when they work , need to be changed once a week at $ .13.88 a pop . i bought this to avoid having to buy distilled water , but that was a mistake . It humidifies well , but I know there are better cheaper ones out there .
 This humidifier does not work except when set at the lowestsetting . When we turned it up one evening it spewedwater all over the carpet ... a real mess to clean up . We bought itfrom the Ace Hardware Outlet and even though they will give us arefund they will not reimburse us for sending it back which I thinkis a real rip-off . I would n't expect to be compensated if I had just changed my mind but this is DEFECTIVE merchandise . Think twice before buying this humidifier . It 's a dud and the instructionbook is very vague . And , avoid Ace Hardware Outlet !
 I purchased this unit from BB&B ; and brought it home . I unpacked the unit , filled it with water and allowed the filter to soak . Got everything all set and turned the unit on ... NOTHING ... no light ... thought that maybe the outlet was bad and tried another one ... nothing as well . Back to BB&B ; for a replacement . Brought the replacement home and noticed that the little stopper for letting water past the filter was broken off so the water would just flow out when the tank was held with the handle ... figured no big deal , i 'll just be quick getting it onto the base on starting it up . Plugged it in and turned the unit on ... NOTHING ... no light AGAIN.Like other posters , i wanted to hurl this thing into the street and drive over it with my car !!! I am going to be returning this to BB&B ; and staying away from this company . I guess i was being naive thinking that the more expensive unit is going to be the better built one ... hahaha
 My girlfriend and I recently bought two ultrasonic humidfiers -- this machine and an Air-O-Swiss 7135 . The Venta worked well when it worked . However , it frequently stopped working for no apparent reason . You could jiggle the thing , and it would go on and off . We finally figured out that there was a defect in the little plunger on the bottom of the tank that controls the flow of water into the base . The water was n't flowing properly , and the machine stopped -LRB- as it should -RRB- because there was no water . Took it back to the hardware store where we bought it , and the guy there said that lots of other people have had the same problem . It may be number 1 in Germany , but it gets only 1 star here .
 I purchased 3 venta sonic humidifiers
 I bought the VS100 humidifier from Bed , Bath and Beyond for $ 99.99 -LRB- less the 20 % discount coupon that constantly shows up in my mail -RRB- . I wanted an ultrasonic model that would n't require lots of weekly maintenance . It worked just fine for two weeks , after which it mysteriously stopped functioning . I cleaned out the ultrasonic agitator even though there was hardly any buildup . Still would n't work . The user manual was absolutely no help , since the only advice it offered was to make sure that the unit was plugged in -LRB- ! -RRB- . Having read about other users ' terrible experience with Venta customer service , I returned the humidifier to BB&B ; and decided to try the VS207 -LRB- digital model -RRB- . I bought it for $ 149.99 -LRB- again , less the 20 % discount -RRB- . The digital model seemed to be doing just fine , until one day -LRB- just a few days later -RRB- I walked into my bedroom to hear a strange dripping sound ... . It had been sitting on a wash cloth on top of my dresser and had soaked through that , created a huge puddle on the dresser , and water was running down the side of the dresser onto the carpet . Needless to say , I was more than a little perturbed . This unit was also returned . I wanted to try out the Air-O-Swiss 7135 , but the story I got from BB&B ; was that it 's only available from them online.I had read all the user reviews before purchasing either Venta humidifier . I used distilled water instead of tap water . Both humidifiers were elevated off the ground to keep the carpet from getting soaked . I had taken every precaution suggested by actual users as well as the user manual , only to be severely disappointed . I will NEVER buy another product from this company again . If possible , I would 've given both units zero-star ratings .
 There seem to be a lot more ultrasonic humidifiers on the market now , but they still do n't seem to have licked a problem that affected older models
 Worked well for two months or so . Now it only turns on for a few seconds , then shuts off . If I shake it a little , it turns on for another minute . I thought I was the problem , and that I 'd cleaned the sonic bit incorrectly . Now after reading other reveiws , I realize that it 's the product . What an aggravating waste of $ 90 . I would never buy another one of these . I 'm going to search this website for a humidifier that works ! Thanks to all who wrote reviews .
 We bought this item last year , it doe n't work any more.We are not happy with this item at all if compare withthe money that we paid.Not recommended !!
 could not for the life of me keep it running . kept propping a part of it up and would run for awhile , then shut off . took it back and still searching for the right humidifier .
 I bought the product at Bed Bath & Beyond . Was very happy with it for the first night ... extremely silent operatoin , good humidity sensor , robust moisture output . But water stopped flowing from the filter.I returned it & got new one thinking that it was a fluke but no avail . Gave it the last chance & tested the third unit and same result.Good overall product design but the critical flaw made this product almost useless . I 'm now looking to buy a Air-O-Swiss instead . Bit more pricey but have n't read any complaint about water blockage problem .
 this product worked perfectly ... for one day . left it on overnight . when i work up it was turned off . i could never turn it on again .
 Bought this in November and it worked great ... for a while . I ca n't say I got what I paid for.Scale accumulated quickly on the rubber ring holding the oscillator and a greenish scum formed in the water above the oscillator if left for a few days , so it needs cleaning regularly . -LRB- You 'd think the $ 15 filters would prevent that ... -RRB- Then last month the oscilattor gave out . Took it apart and found a metal film from one pole of the oscilattor plate had cracked near a soldered connection . Did n't even make it through the winter . It 's headed for the dumpster , which is where it seems my money went on this one.No more ultrasonic humidifiers for me ... at least not $ 99 ones !
 Like so many others before me , I too thought this would be the best humidifier - and it was ! For about one week . To boot , this is my second one . The first one had the exact same problem - it ran perfectly for a week and then stopped producing any mist . I tried all the troubleshooting tips in the extremely detailed and helpful `` manual '' . I assumed I had broken the very sensitive oscilator and that it was my fault , so like a fool , I purchased a second . HA ! Same problem . It took a lot of self control on my part to restrain myself from picking the thing up and throwing it across the room - especially when you have a toddler who has chronic bronchial infections and you just want the darn thing to work . Here is my advice for anyone who has a broken one like me and has missed their window of opportunity to return it because they thought they could fix it : Step one - open trash can.Step two - hurl VENTASonic into it.Step three - slam lid on can .
 We ordered the expresso - but the color is quite different . The lighter shade is greenish grey ! and the darker in almost black . Will do better in a black/grey scheme rather than expresso scheme . - So upsetting !
 We ordered the expresso - but the color is quite different . The lighter shade is greenish grey ! and the darker in almost black . Will do better in a black/grey scheme rather than expresso scheme . - So upsetting !
 We ordered the expresso - but the color is quite different . The lighter shade is greenish grey ! and the darker in almost black . Will do better in a black/grey scheme rather than expresso scheme . - So upsetting !
 We ordered the expresso - but the color is quite different . The lighter shade is greenish grey ! and the darker in almost black . Will do better in a black/grey scheme rather than expresso scheme . - So upsetting !
 We ordered the expresso - but the color is quite different . The lighter shade is greenish grey ! and the darker in almost black . Will do better in a black/grey scheme rather than expresso scheme . - So upsetting !
 We ordered the expresso - but the color is quite different . The lighter shade is greenish grey ! and the darker in almost black . Will do better in a black/grey scheme rather than expresso scheme . - So upsetting !
 We ordered the expresso - but the color is quite different . The lighter shade is greenish grey ! and the darker in almost black . Will do better in a black/grey scheme rather than expresso scheme . - So upsetting !
 We ordered the expresso - but the color is quite different . The lighter shade is greenish grey ! and the darker in almost black . Will do better in a black/grey scheme rather than expresso scheme . - So upsetting !
 I hesitated in ordering this roasting pan , because I knew there was a good chance it was not described accurately . And I was right , It is not 2.5 mm , as described , but a mere 1.9 mm . Mauviel does not want anyone to understand their line-up of purposely confusing products , and they have proven it here , yet again . I 'll just sell it for a loss on eBay and then try to find the pan I ordered somewhere else . What a pain .
 We ordered the expresso - but the color is quite different . The lighter shade is greenish grey ! and the darker in almost black . Will do better in a black/grey scheme rather than expresso scheme . - So upsetting !
 We ordered the expresso - but the color is quite different . The lighter shade is greenish grey ! and the darker in almost black . Will do better in a black/grey scheme rather than expresso scheme . - So upsetting !
 We ordered the expresso - but the color is quite different . The lighter shade is greenish grey ! and the darker in almost black . Will do better in a black/grey scheme rather than expresso scheme . - So upsetting !
 Here are the facts
 I own 2 Quadras and live in a small apartment -LRB- 700 sq ft -RRB- . I 've been using my units for over a year . I was hoping to see a significant reduction in dust on my furniture . Not so . I still dust 2 times a week and see no difference from before I owned them . And QUIET ! HARDLY !!! After thoroughly cleaning and turning the units as per the instructions , the units continue to HISS and SIZZLE continuously . I actually turn them off when I leave the apartment now as I am afraid they are a fire hazard ! DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!I 'll NEVER buy another Sharper Image product .
 I bought two and one started giving off a shocking noise within 15 minutes of use and then died . The other one went for a day and then did the same thing . I made the mistake of buying mine on Ebay , brand new ... the seller offered to fix them if I paid the $ 40 to ship them back . I do n't think so , they did n't work in the first place so why should I have to pay more ?
 I can not stop my Itonic Quadra from making this loud hissing sound . I keep taking the bar out & cleaning it but the sound continues . What can I do ?
 The air purifier was damaged when it arrived . One of the pins that connects to the ionic collector was bent , so the collector did not fit into the housing . I bent the pin back , but the purifier started to make noise soon after plugging it in . From experience , we knew that the problem would only get worse , so we had to return the purifier .
 Just do a quick search online for ` Ionic Breeze '' and look at the news stories that you find . The dangers of this ` air purifier ' drove Sharper Image into bankruptcy . I ca n't believe that Amazon is selling this product.Consumer Reports determined that this unit produces dangerous levels of ozone and can cause permanent lung damage!Don ' t believe me , do your own research !
 I have an Ionic Breeze , and the dust in my house is actually worse since I 've used it . The ions attract the dirt to every charged surface in the home where it usally is n't a problem , and it 's not just a regular dust , it 's a gritty sticky film . My mirrors and windows have a film on them that 's hard to remove , my walls are dull , my furniture has a film on it , my wooden floors are dull . The dust is not like regular dust that can just be wiped away.I did n't suspect that the Ionic Breeze would be the problem , so I checked my furnace filter to see if it needed changed , and it did n't , because I thought it was advertised to do the opposite . I thought I was just thinking there 's more dust than usual , and could n't figure it out , but after I did a web search , it said that the ions charge the surfaces of your home , and the dust in your home is attracted to the nearest surface where it sticks , and it makes complete sense to me.I found no benefit from this product at all . It did have some kind of `` clean smell '' that you notice every once in a while , but I never noticed exceedingly fresh air that was any different in quality than before , and I do n't breathe easier or whatever they advertise it as.I would not reccommend this product to anyone . Unless you like to dust more than usual , and you want your house to look like it has a film on everything , go right ahead .
 I wish there was a negative star rating . I bought two of these things . I had hoped they would help with the air quality in my house because I have 8 cats . WRONG !!!! I had to return 1 because it broke in the first 3 months . The darned things would make a hissing noise even after they were cleaned and were down right annoying . I could hear a steady hissing sound even upstairs . As for the quality of air , I did not notice any difference even though I had to clean them every couple of weeks . The small ones for the bathroom also hissed even when clean , I just threw them out . Save your money and buy something better .
 Of 19 models of air cleaners tested , the Ionic Breeze came in second to last place , along side the Honeywell `` Environizer '' -LRB- another electro-static model -RRB- , in terms of performance.Tested at it 's higest operating level against the top 2 air cleaners
 I 'm a clean freak . The thought of having a product clean and freshen the air really appealed to me so I bought 4 Ionic Breezes for a 2700 sq. ft. home thinking that I would see a reduction in dust around the house . Wrong ! Sure they collect dust on their metal plates but those small surfaces do n't compare to the dust that still collects on my dresser , tables , floors and everywhere else . You would need 1 Ionic Breeze per Square foot in your house to ever see a measurable reduction in surface dust . I would have been happy to see a 25 % reduction in dust but I 'm not even seeing a 1 % reduction . They must be cleaned one a week or else they will hum . We keep our home clean by removing our shoes at the door , by vacuuming at least twice a week , by keeping the windows closed and using the air central air conditioning system when necessary -LRB- with clean filters -RRB- . As a room deodorizer I would give it 3 stars as it can freshen the air effectively within a few hours except for something extreme like cooking fresh fish . Cleaning the air from this odor can take 5-6 hours . By the way , I bought my units at the Sharper Image auction site and paid $ 150 each . Even at this price I consider them overpriced . They seem to have an unlimited supply of these refurbished units at their auction site which makes you wonder why they have so many returns . The idea of improving the air quality in a home is worthwhile but can not be accomplished with this Sharper Image product .
 I purchased this rice cooker in late March . I used it once and it worked OK . Went to use it again today -LRB- April 28th -RRB- and the button kept switching to warm before the water even came to a boil . I have been using rice cookers for about 25 years . I loved my old Hitachi cooker but it looks like they no longer make them .
 I had to send it back because it would shut off after 10 minutes of cook time . Very disappointed . I 've had one of these for years . It still works but the bowl is scratched so I thought I 'd replace it . I guess my next choice will be the fuzzy logic . If I have problems there I will have think Zojirushi is not a great company any longer .
 I was so exited to get a new rice cooker , my last one lasted about 10 years and cooked amazing rice ; after searching for a replacement , I found that Zojirushi was the best brand , so I decided to buy one . When it arrived , it worked once and the nothing ; On a good note I got a replacement rather quickly.The replacement worked OK for a few months ; but kept under-cooking the rice , not sure why ; unless it had to do with how I go about cooking the rice , since I first put a little oil and garlic , wait for it to get hot , so the oil has time to get infused with the garlic , the I introduce the rice , stir ; then the water -LRB- this method worked perfectly with my old rice cooker -RRB- about a week ago , it burned the rice , and stopped working altogether.Not sure if I had bad luck , but I will not be buying this brand again
 When is a warranty not worth the paper it 's printed on?When a manufacturer wants $ 10.00 inflated shipping and handling to fulfill it 's warranty obligation on an item that sells for $ 14.95 then the `` warranty '' really does n't exist . Like so many others , I experienced the `` sudden failure '' of the Metrokane Velvet Corkscrew , right at the crown where most of the force is applied which is also the thinnest and most vulnerable piece of this piece of plastic . It simply splits in half , unexpectedly . This is a design fault that they were surely aware of but heck , no problem , they 'll just let the consumer take the loss by jacking up the shipping and handling of the warranty . Here 's to you Metrokane ! I toast you with a glass of wine , opened with your competitors product !
 This tool worked great on the first 8 or so bottles , easily extracting the cork . On the last bottle the cork must have been in a bit tighter because the handle split in two right at the top while attempting to extract the cork with only a moderate amount of force . Examining the handle , and the thinness of the plastic at the apex , where the screw fits in , I am surprised this lasted through the first 8 bottles . When I switched to a simple corkscrew the `` tight '' cork came out easily enough . Definitely , imo , a faulty design of the handle mold . The plastic needs to be MUCH thicker where the two handles come together .
 This snapped in half at the top where two sides meet after opening maybe 10 bottles of wine . As other reviewers have mentioned , the foil cutter is also a joke . On a positive note , it was a nice corkscrew while it lasted .
 If you stare at this thing long enough you might understand why the design is so lousy . I did n't . Check out the area where the screw passes through the top of the frame . There 's virtually nothing reinforcing this area . So what ? Draw a cork up high enough and the frame splits . Or get an unusually wide cork and the frame splits . Buy theLe Creuset Table Model Wine OpenerorLe Creuset Pocket Model Wine Openerinstead . Much better products ... Good news is Metrokane has a lifetime warranty -LRB- but be prepared to produce your receipt and shell out $ 10 for shipping and `` handling '' -RRB- . No thanks ...
 Tried to save a few $ on this item . The screw pull with separate foil cutter is much better . The build in foil cutter on this device is useless .
 When I bought this product , prices on Amazon.com ranged from about $ 9.00 to $ 25.00 . Now , I see it 's down as low as $ 4.75 . Regardless , I found it no bargain at any price . While it 's billed as a trimmer for both nose and ears , the instructions say to use for nose only . Folks -- when you get older , you need to trim your ears ! It 's more flimsy than other Panasonic products I 've used in the past and difficult to clean . What can I say -- `` No nose is good nose ? ''
 When the temp drops below freezing , an alarm sounds and you have to press a button to shut it off . There appears to be NO WAY to disable this alarm - how stupid can they be at Oregon Scientific ? Here in Colorado , the temp fluctuates quite a bit and that darn alarm is too annoying . We wo n't be keeping this .
 This is the second Oregon Scientific thermometer I 've owned , and the last . The first one had to be replaced when the sensor went screwy after a few months . This one was working fine , but kept waking me up at night with the freeze alarm !! It does n't just beep once , it beeps every 60 seconds , and there 's no way to shut it off !! What is the point of this ? I get it , it 's cold outside . Let me sleep .
 Works fine , until the temperature outside falls out of range -LRB- preset to 36 degrees -RRB- then it beeeps and beeepes and beeeepes at you . Can not reset no matter what I do . Fun little wake up calls in the middle of the night `` yooohooo , it 's cold outside '' - yea , no kidding that 's why I 'm tucked in my warm bed - now leave me alone.Once you smash it on the floor in the middle of the night - it 's quiet .
 Totally agree with the other comments posted here . . the head engineer must 've been out to lunch when this product launched . There 's no way to turn off the precipitation alarm ! I used the method suggested here -LRB- switch the sensor to Channel 2 -RRB- otherwise this thing 's going straight in the garbage ... I would n't even give it to goodwill .
 I agree with the other reviews . The unit generally works reasonably well , until the temperature approaches freezing . Then an alarm goes off every 10 seconds or so . Its totally useless and ruins the unit.I bought this over the summer and did n't notice this problem until winter . So I 'm well past any return timeframe.I 'd avoid this unit . Its a totally useless time bomb which will render the unit unusable when winter arrives.Oregon scientific should do a recall and replace all the units to remove the alarm .
 I received this as a gift and thought it would be great , but it just is n't practical . There 's way too much power . The lowest setting sends ingredients flying everywhere . The lowest setting on this mixer is the same as the highest setting on my old mixer -LRB- the setting that you use to get all the goop off the beaters -RRB- . The scraping spatula also does n't work well .
 I 've owned a Black and Decker hand mixer -LRB- called Spatula Smart when I bought mine -RRB- for about 15 years . It 's obviously held up and worked ok , but I would never recommend it . There is no low speed . Things fly all over the kitchen when you 're beating puddings , liquids or even folding in flour . I even bought a bowl with a fitted cover that the beaters go down inside to try and keep the ingredients from flinging all over . It did n't help much . My beaters are rusting on the tops and bottoms ! Rust in my food ? I think not . The motor is finally dying from whirring around so fast . While I would say that it 's lasted a long time , I 'd never , ever recommend it or buy another like it . I should 've taken it back right after I bought it .
 We purchaced a Black & Decker Power Pro 250-Watt Mixer last fall locally and when we got it home and used it , we noticed that the slow speed selection was unusually high . We have used it in that condition until now when the mixer will not run unless it is set on the middle setting two up from the slow setting . Even though I had the original box that states it has a 1 year warranty , Black & Decker 's customer service refused to help and were not concerned with customer service or their defective product . I have had good luck with Black & Decker products but after this treatment I will no longer purchase anything from Black & Decker .
 I bought this beater because my last B&D worked like a charm for many years ; but , this one is a big disappointment . What you ca n't see from this photo is that it is a difficult beater to hold . The controls are right over where you want to hold the beater so I find myself holding the beater over the controls . This is uncomfortable and unsturdy . It is heavily weighted to the front section of the blender so although the section for your hand is behind the controls , it feels unnatural to hold the beater at the lightest section of the beater . Notice how other beaters have the controls on the 45 degree - between the front of the blender and the top where the hand is placed - . This one has the controls right on top where the hand needs to go . The other gripe , those round beaters . I had to beat my potatoes into oblivion -LRB- and therefore they were really rubbery -RRB- before they were blended . I think my old flat bladed beaters were much quicker at beating . I am going to replace this beater with a flat bladed one .
 I was pleased bythe power of this unit . I works in thick batters . However about the 5th usage , the plastic gears stripped . I was not quite finished mixing so this was not a happy moment . Why do n't they use metal gears on something that is so important to the longevity of the product . I will go back to a cheaper blender or pay a little more for a real metal drivetrain.black and decker products have always worked pretty well for me . I am disappointed in this product !
 I had a kitchenaid mixer and was very happy with it , but then I lost one of the beaters , so my mother gifted me with this black and decker mixer . I was first disappointed with it because there is no true slow speed -- the lowest speed is so fast it 'll beat the heck out of whipping cream or egg whites , but fails miserably for blending dry and wet ingredients , because it 's so fast everything flies out of the bowl . Ridiculous . Makes me think that absolutely no realistic testing was done on it.Then , after having used the mixer a couple of dozen times , problems appeared with the beaters -- first , they started falling apart , with the two wires becoming disconnected at the top . They still worked , but then I noticed the rust . Yes , rust . At both the base of the beater -LRB- where the wires connect to the pole -RRB- and at the top of the wires , where the wire has actually split . I 'm not hard on my beaters and I even wash them by hand . I am pissed off at this glaringly obvious planned obsolesence and will never buy another black and decker appliance again .
 We replaced a cheap $ 10 Proctor Silex mixer with this Black & Decker model that was suppose to be an upgrade . What a mistake this was as the mixer did not even last a year of use . I find it humorous that they give you heavy duty beaters and motor with power boost and then use PLASTIC gears ! I took the unit apart as soon as I heard the grinding sounds coming from it and sure enough the gears had warn a thin line down the center of them rendering the mixer worthless . What is amazing to me is the cheap Proctor Silex mixer had worked for 5 years doing the same job without breaking , we ended up donating it at the end but still working as good as new . The only reason we upgraded was to get some of the fancier features this model had , now we need to buy a new mixer .
 I 'm very disappointed with this mixer . I just got it out of the box to use it for the first time . I 'm beating cream cheese , whipped cream , and sugar , but the lowest speed is so fast that it is just flinging the cream cheese around and not even blending the ingredients . What a mess !
 Have had an earlier version of this mixer for 6 years but probably only used it 10 times . The beaters came apart just like the other reviewer with this NEWER model . If you go to Black and Decker 's website you will get redirected twice and wind up at someone called `` Fox '' . If you call them you will find replacement beaters cost $ 20 a pair . I am very saddened by the fact that the original black and decker is now a corrupted shell licensing their name to some cut rate company cranking out junk . How come the greenies yell at us constantly to use paper grocery bags but no one has a problem with filling the landfills up with junk like this thing ? Anyway do n't bother with it , it is JUNK .
 I thought this mixer would be perfect because it has 5 settings -LRB- who could need more ? -RRB- BUT , the lowest setting is SO high that it makes the mixer completely useless . Forget creaming butter and sugar together , this machine is so strong that butter pieces go whizzing all over the place . Forget about adding dry ingredients to wet , a cloud forms over the bowl and everyone gets splattered . Even on low the thing is completely unusable . I 've never gone higher than the first setting because the first setting is way too strong as it is . I keep using the mixer thinking THIS time it will do what I need but I always end up irritated and dirty . The mixer is now just sitting in my kitchen drawer waiting to be thrown out when I can one that actually has a low setting . I wish I could get my money back but unfortunately I 've had it for too long . Trash .
 We needed a new mixer and figured we could n't go wrong with a Black & Decker . As it turns out , we were very wrong in this thinking . This could possibly be the worst mixer ever ! Just as others have said , there is NO low speed , you turn this thing on and it throws pieces every where !!! After using this piece of junk you have to change your shirt because you will have food all over it . I think there are two reasons for this - 1 . Too fast and 2 . Poorly designed beaters . Also , the beaters are made of a heavy gauge wires that do n't cut very well and are weak.If you just bought one of these then take it back !
 The lowest setting for this mixer is insanely fast , basically unusable . If you plan to use this for anything that requires low or medium speed or in a bowl that is n't 4qts , this mixer is not for you .
 This is the only mixer our little local stores sell . We bought one that broke in two months , then we bought another and that broke within one month . Total waste of money .
 I agree with many others reviewing here . I purchased this mixer as an upgrade to my old one .1 . There is no LOW speed . It comes with 5 speeds but the lowest is so fast it renders the appliance useless2 . There are two beaters included , but neither is appropriate for mixing the normal cake and cookie batter or mashed potatoes . One will wisk -LRB- but the speed is too fast for whipping cream -RRB- and the other is useless . I could order the proper beaters , but those would cost $ 20 plus shipping .3 . It comes with a scraper attachment , but the scraper is not large enough to be effective , and keeps popping off rendering the dang thing useless .4 . Beaters lock in , but frequently come off in the middle of operation .5 . I have n't had any experience with the beaters rusting . Did n't keep the thing log enough to find out.This product is a waste of money.Black & Decker MX300 Power Pro Hand Mixer , White .
 This unit arrived quickly , unfortunately , the unit is loud and give off an order that smells like it is overheating . When it is used on thicker items , like patatos it sounds like it is overworked .
 Where were all these reviews when I was choosing this item ? Like many have said , there is no low speed and the ingredients fly out of the bowl . The only good use I 've found is it whipped cream in record time ! Definitely would n't recommended this item .
 This unit has 5 speeds ranging from fast to extra fast . Even at the slowest speed ingredients fly out of the mixing bowl . This product has a strong motor and would be useful if only it had the ability to operate at slow speed . As is - it is simply unusable for most applications . We will buy something else .
 As other people have said , this thing is RIDICULOUSLY powerful . No low speed at all . I 've never even used it above the 2nd setting for fear of launching into outer space . Luckily , I still have my Kitchenaid - got this to do small jobs so it technically does the job intended for my house but I seriously laugh every time I use it because it is so overly powerful.If you need this for a `` do all '' mixer , do n't buy it !
 In all my years of baking , this is absolutely the worst kitchen tool that 's ever been in my collection and will have to be replaced even though it is as good as new . You can make meringue or whip cream on the lowest possible setting but you sure ca n't cream butter and sugar without having the butter/sugar mix spray all over the kitchen workspace , some of it on you , some of it on the kitchen floor . I have a very strong Do Not Buy warning for this hand mixer.Black & Decker MX250 Power Pro Hand Mixer , White
 I bought this mixer because it had the BLACK and DECKER name and thought it would be great . It is great if you do n't mind that it has NO LOW speed , tears everything up in its path and makes the most god-awful noise when being used . I thought I had a banchee in the house ! I am having to trash a perfectly good mixer but it does n't play nice with ingredients and beats the heck out of everything while screaming !
 I purchased this mixer on sale at a big box store . As soon as I used it the first time , I wished I 'd bought a more nicer , hence more expensive , mixer . The beaters are very thin and I 'm fairly certain wo n't hold up to my frequent use . Forget about using the plastic bowl scraper . It consistenly flies off the beaters . I do n't even bother with it anymore . Also , the lowest speed is faster than the fastest speed on my old mixer . This means I have to mix my batters by hand before using the mixer . I 've never needed to go higher than speed 1 for a supposedly 10 speed mixer , negating its 10 speeds . I 've yet to use the whisks , but they are n't worth having and extra mixer if that is all that ends up being useful on this product.I would not buy this product again .
 I guess this is a `` good '' mixer but not for me . It starts out superfast and there is no slowing it down . Everthing goes flying all over the place . I use it mostly for mashed potatoes and the potatoes are all over the counter . I am looking to replace it with something that works better for me .
 It is nice to have a small hand mixer on hand to do quick mixing jobs that are not worth dirtying the stand mixer for . I bought this product thinking it would be simple , inexpensive , and perfect for those small jobs . I HATE THIS MIXER . The mess it creates on `` LOW '' speed causes me fits of anger . I am tired of messing up my entire counter space just b/c B&D could n't figure out how to come up with a realistic level 1 speed . My last use of this mixer resulted in me being covered in food , followed by the entire mixer with beaters making a trip into the garbage can . It 's practically brand new . What a waste of money . I wish I had read the reviews before I went to the store .
 I bought this mixer based solely on other Black & Decker products I purchased in the past . It was supposed to replace my almost 30 yr . old Farberware hand mixer . On # 1 the lowest speed , it spattered the ingredients all over the counter . I was finding ingredients in unsuspecting places a week later.I replaced this `` new '' mixer with one recommeded by the editors of Cooks Illustrated , the people who also televise America 's Test Kitchen . One of their top recommendations for small appliances was the Cuisinart Power Advantage 7-Speed Hand Mixer . What a difference !! I would highly recommend the Cusinart .
 The reviews about this mixer not really having any speed but turbo are 100 % accurate . I find myself dreading pulling this hand mixer out of the cabinet , I resort to using the whisk as much as possible because this mixer will fling food all over my kitchen on the lowest speed . I just need to bring myself to replace it . If it were n't for the fact that I do n't want to fill the dump with a working piece of home electric I would n't even consider giving it to the Good Will .
 I like the mixer but the 3rd time I used it , I noticed the metallic covering on the beaters was coming off in my cookie dough . I discarded the dough and am now looking to see if there are plastic beaters available . I do n't want to take the chance of contaminating my family with substances that are inedible . I am wondering if anyone else noticed this?I ca n't use it any more until I can find replacement beaters . It works well but if I ca n't use it , it 's useless . One star because I ca n't use it at all .
 I got this exact mixer as a wedding present , and it died after I 'd only been married for 1.5 yrs . I used it normally , maybe 2-3 times a month . I contacted the company about it , and they said they only guarantee it for the first year . ONE YEAR ! They offered me a -LRB- and I quote -RRB- , `` low cost complimentary replacement '' -LRB- which contradicts itself -RRB- for $ 35.50 . I was horrified and would n't pay $ 36 for a mixer that will die in another year ! This product is extremely low quality and their customer service was terrible - they could n't care less that I was disappointed and would possibly tell the world about it.Save yourself the hassle of replacing a mixer in a year and buy a Kitchen Aid or Cuisinart !
 I was given this as a gift , and I wish I had n't thrown out my old mixer so quickly . The scraper is useless , as it comes nowhere near the sides of the bowl . Even the `` lowest '' speed is way too powerful , so batter climbs up the beaters and flings itself across the room no matter how carefully it 's used . Absolutely do n't waste your money -- find something else !
 Nothing against the mixer so far . But amazon sent the MX250 model in the MX300 box . Everything else was there and in great condition , but the mixer was the wrong one ...
 Very cheap material ; made out of plastic ; colors are a lot darker than the image ; too expensive for such a cheap presentation .
 I bought these because of their great reviews . I 'm kicking myself in the butt for doing so ... These glasses are SUPER thin . One came broken when I received it . Amazon was nice enough to reimburse me for the broken glass . Another one broke in my hand while I was washing it ... yes , I was being gentle . The glasses look nice and are big but I 'd really like a glass that is n't so thin . When I 'm paying about $ 11 a glass , I 'm really hoping to at least use them for a few months . Wo n't be buying them again .
 I bought this toaster because of the KitchenAid brand name , and because I thought any toaster gutsy enough to come with a $ 200 price tag might be able to toast a slice of bread in less than five minutes . Big Mistake . KitchenAid quality control must have been absent when this behemoth went down the assembly line . Even white bread set at the highest number on the temperature setting does not brown and it takes LONGER to NOT do it . Frozen waffles ? Forget it . You have to put them through the cycle TWICE and they still do n't resemble anything you 'd want to put syrup on . I 'm pissed that I did n't research the product better . I hope this saves others from making the same mistake .
 When will I learn that not all kitchen aid appliances are made as well as their stand mixers ? To say that this toaster was a disappointment would be an understatement . The toast would not brown evenly or even consistent . In a way I am almost ashamed that I spent this much money for a toaster that could not even toast a slice of bread.Save your money get yourself a Krups .
 This toaster looks beautiful on the kitchen counter . Unfortunately , it did not produce great toast . It toasted unevenly -LRB- one side toasted , the other just warm -RRB- , and I needed to run two cycles to toast my frozen bread , even with the darkness control set to the darkest setting . I do n't recommend this toaster if you freeze your bread .
 My wife and I registered for this toaster for our wedding . While attractive , it takes way too long to brown . When I use it , I arrange my preparation around the wait . Put the bread in the toaster , then go to get items from fridge . Then go back to toaster after the first cycle to start another cycle . After five minutes I have my toast . However , I bet a $ 20 toaster would do a better job.Looks good but look elsewhere .
 Product was easy to assemble and was up and running within 5 minutes . The first thing I noticed was that the air pump was extremely loud . It sounded like plastic thudding against plastic . The pump was placed in the front yard , and I could hear it from the backyard . Definitely something amiss.I unscrewed and opened up the unit , and I could n't identify exactly what was bumping up against what . I `` plugged '' in the unit and saw that the bellow arm -LRB- little metal arm pumps this rubber diaphragm to pump air -RRB- was hitting the housing . I adjusted the screws holding the pump in place and reduced the noise by about 50 % . That said , the noise is still too loud . It makes my serene goldfish pond rather unpleasant . I have an air pump indoors for my tropical fish tank , and that is almost unnoticeable . This solar air pump is just way too loud.So I looked into ways to try to quiet the pump even more . Some people had contraptions built out of sound proofing and wooden boxes . Some people used a box of kitty litter to insulate the pump . While looking into ways of quieting the pump , I noticed that the pump outside had gone silent.I went outside to see what was wrong . It was 2pm , and there was plenty of sun . I unplugged the pump and plugged it back in . The loud pump started up again fine . So I watched my pump for the next few days . Every day , the pump would unexplicably stop . You have to unplug and plug the pump back into the solar panel -LRB- a 5 second operation -RRB- . This is n't good since I 'd like the pump to run during the day when I 'm at work.Overall , I have to say that I 'm highly disappointed with # 1 the sound and # 2 the fact that it suddenly stops for no reason and you have to unplug and plug the pump back into the solar panel.Go with a regular wired pump rated for outdoor use . Even though you 're not going `` green '' by using solar , at least you 're not adding to the landfills by buying junk that you have to throw away .
 We purchased this border for our second son 's nursery . The border is extremely cute , HOWEVER it is NOT self sticking as stated . Huge disappointment . Be prepared to use an alternate glue / paste to adhere to the wall . Also because each roll is only 15 feet long , we had to order 3 rolls . No big deal except the rolls were uneven in width ! Huge problem when it 's time to start a new roll of border in the middle of a wall . The 2nd and 3rd roll were about a 1/4 of an inch shorter than the first roll we put up . As I stated originally , the design is very cute and colorful but the problems with it failing to stay on the wall -LRB- which is somewhat of a necessity -RRB- and the uneven width made this purchase very disappointing .
 The design of this knife is very odd . When holding the one end , the other cuts into the palm of your hand . HIC Harold Imports should have included a blade shield to protect the user from injury .
 It 's a dual sided grapefruit knife . The bended side works as expected , but the dual bladed side gets pulp stuck in it . I wish I had bought a regular grapefruit knife instead . On top of that being left handed , I touch the dual bladed side while cutting with the rounded side .
 The knife is very sharp which is good and bad considering there are blades on both ends of the handle . This design just does n't work for us ; it 's too easy to cut yourself .
 Nice product but I never take the time to find it and use it ... Just using a paring knife instead
 I bought two of these last Christmas . I have exchanged them three times . The clock does not keep the correct time . It is off by about 10 minutes every two days . The batteries do not last . The entire toy is very unreliable .
 I bought this great clock for my daughter 's birthday . To my disappointment , once you turn off the radio the clock shuts off too . There is no AC adapter , so your three AAA batteries die quickly and the clock will need to be reset anyway . It is more trouble than it is worth.Not a good buy !
 I bought this clock for my 9-year old . The sound quality is so poor that it 's difficult to understand both my son 's self-recorded wake up message , and the clocks pre-recorded time announcement . The volume is so loud we put the clock in a drawer when our baby is napping -LRB- in another room -RRB- . Additionally , the clock is supposed to announce the time if you clap . However , it announces the time in response to all sorts of noises , such as `` THREE EIGHTEEN AM '' when my son rolls over in bed . High points for durability because I 've `` accidently '' knocked it off the dresser , top bunk etc. several times and it keeps ticking . Skip it .
 For anyone who is having trouble with the clock switching off . . i too had the same situation until I went to the Wild Planet website . Their help section shows the answer : Q
 Santa brought my 2 boys these for Christmas . I have to say I am disappointed with it 's preformance . You can not understand the time announcment . It 's very crackly . The radio part is Okay . The but as another reviewer said the clock only lights up with noise . and then it will announce the time in that horrid crackly sound you can not understand.It is a great idea and my hat is off to the child that invented it , but It could have been manufactured much better .
 Unless you plan on having 5 AA batteries on hand at all time , this is not for you . It does n't run on AC , so if the batteries die and you do n't have any on hand , your child does n't have an alarm clock . You ca n't tell what time it is at night because the time only lights up when the clock annouces the time , which is whenever there is any sort of noise in the house , and then you ca n't understand it because it is so loud . There is no volumn switch . Stay away from Room Gear items until they get all the bugs out .
 1 -RRB- Batteries last about three weeks . that is 15 sets of five alkaline batteries a year . IE about $ 45 in batteries to run this clock for a year . so it is n't an $ 18 clock it is a $ 63 clock ... or probably the most expensive alrm clock you ever bought.The voice feature is the worst of any voice simulation I ever heard . You simply can not understand it.The clock turns off when the radio is on . Great ca n't see what time it is if you have it set to radio as alarm!On might have expected such poor design if this had been another `` character-based '' merchandise , but it is n't , making the irnony of its junkyness even worse .
 This is a piece of JUNK ... the radio is the only good feature ... The voice sounds as if he is talking with a mouth full of marbles and you really can not understand the time it is very sensitive you do n't have to clap several sounds activate the so called message that needs a Speech Therapist *** I agree DO NOT BUY Until they get the bugs OUT .
 The premise is good ... letting kids wake to their own voice , clapping to get the time , etc. . However , this clock ca n't pull it off . First of all , the voice that states the time is very loud and the recording is not clear . There is no way to change the volume of the voice . Second , the voice goes off with the sound of any movement , not just clapping . So , throughout the night , you hear this annoying voice stating the time.This clock does teach the basics of using an alarm clock , which was great for my daughter -LRB- age 8 -RRB- . However , I plan to return it to get a clock that is less annoying .
 This clock seemed like a fun idea , but it does n't work as promised . Instead of saying the time when hands are clapped , it does so when anyone breathes around the clock . My son could n't sleep.Sorry . Nice try .
 Chairs were adorable and well made . However , my grandchildren are two and three and they were too small and would not have last but this summer for them . If your children are petite and under 30 lbs they would be fine .
 I bought 2 of these chairs for my grandkids . One blue and one pink . The chairs are much smaller than I imagined . The pink one had a seam coming apart on the seat and the umbrella wouldnt stay up so I returned it . The blue one has been used by my 19 month old grandson and it is pretty tippy . I am always watching him so he doesnt tip over backwards in it . It is lightweight and the wind often blows it over . Sorry I bought it . There are better , safer products out there for less money .
 Very unhappy with this much touted processor You ca n't make a decent pesto sauce , neither the small blade for mini bowl , or normal multipurpose blade chops basil or small leaves well . . For pesto you need a different appliance or mortar and pestle , not this behemoth . Worse , it is impossible to clean the multipurpose blade inside the shaft . When you make a paste or forcemeat it sticks like crazy glue to the plastic and no amount of soaking , heavy duty cycles in the dishwasher or wishful thinking can get the gunk out of the blade . Other foods stick to the plastic bowl - very difficult to clean , even after two runs in a good dishwasher . Kitchen Aid customer service could n't offer any advice . Totally useless to call them . They are of absolutely no help.This appliance is very heavy , do n't count on taking it out each time . It has to have a dedicated spot on the counter . Does n't come with fine slicing or shredding blade . Pulse action works well . Next time I 'll go back to the more reliable and user-friendly Cuisinart .
 This thing is a piece of junk ! , threw it right into the trash . The better one is the plastic burger maker that the cooking TV show `` America 's Test Kitchens '' on PBS recomends . I bought that here also on Amazon .
 My daughter and her friend -LRB- aged 9.5 years -RRB- both LOVED the end result of this product ... beautiful , colourful bowls ! But the actual making of it was a pain . First , you have to leave the oven on for WAY too long to complete this whole thing . Then , the plastic emits such a noxious fume that my entire kitchen smelled afterwards -LRB- had to later bake muffins just to get rid of the horrible smell ! -RRB- . I was then so nauseous that I had to lie down for a bit in front of an open window . The instructions were hard to understand and no way a child could understand them . Instructions said that beads had to be 2 to 3 cm thick in volume -- that 's a lot of beads ! Only enough to make 2 bowls !! Would not buy this again .
 First , you really have to lay the pieces on thick to keep from having the creations full of holes , second you have to keep the oven on a while since it has be cooked , cooled , then cooked again . Thrid , I have found it near impossible to shape these things anything like a bowl . It might be good just let kids make pictures with the beads and then melt them together to form a permenant picture . I wish we had done that instead . For it is pretty .
 False advertising !! You do not get the hutch or file cabinet like they make you believe !! Only the desk , which is very cheap and unstable!Don ' t make the same mistake I made , save your money and buy elsewhere!BUYER BEWARE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 the product info suggests you get the desk , hutch and pedestal even showing a picture of them all . When the desk showed up without the hutch and pedestal , the rep from Homevisions blamed Amazon for the misrepresented product description and confusion . I ended up taking apart the desk and it was n't until almost a month later that it was picked up . This company was terrible to deal with and the desk was n't worth the price . Stay Away !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Dont be fooled people , it 's just two pillowcases . I ordered it thinking i was going to get an entire bed set , but only received two pillowcases .
 Main unity candle holder is not included only the 2 side candle holders . Description is confusing and generic so customer has no idea which items their getting . Emailed seller but have not received any response . Will never buy from this seller again .
 The fan of this dehydrator stopped working after an hour after it was first plugged in -LRB- it 's suppose to work continually -RRB- . When I contacted Nesco they told me to ship it to them and they would repair or replace it . Which they did and now it works great . My beef is that I had to pay to ship it to them , which in effect added $ 6.00 to the price . Other manufactures and retailers sometimes pay shipping both ways . Since this product was brand new I think they should have .
 Purchased new from -LSB- ... -RSB- the package came a little beat up . When I inspected the shelf it seemed ok until I noticed one of the shelf slides where jammed passed the rail stop . I then discovered that two of the mounting holes for the shelf slider -LRB- between rail and shelf -RRB- where stripped and one whole looked as if someone attempted the start the screw many times but could not find the hole . I feel I was delivered someone else 's returned item that they broke.On a funny note under product details the item weight is 14 lbs . and the shipping weight is 13 lbs . They must use that Helium infused package material , lol.Product review : Installation
 This item is complete garbage . The `` seal '' of the plunger does not make contact with the sides of the tube . The liquid inside just leaks out all over the place . It 's not worth the hassle to ship back and get a refund . I am just going to throw this away.I wish I read this review before I bought it . This is a piece of garbage and is now on the way to the landfill where it belongs .
 The first Tiger PDHB30U kettle I purchased started having rusting spots inside only after 2 weeks . I have been gone through many hot water kettles for the past 20 + years , this is the first time I have seen anything like this.To make a fair judgement , I returned the first one and bought an identical unit . This time it only took a week for rusting spots to show!I strongly recommend people stay away from this kettle . Spend a little more and buy a Zojirushi kettle !
 I ordered this product on looks alone , not realizing the barrel portion inside is heavy cardboard with a plastic liner for the ice itself and I think the exterior a thin molded plastic.I imagined it to be a solid heavyweight plastic - so do not know how long it will stand up.I still like the looks of these ice buckets , just wanted a more solid item .
 Have not had a chance to return , ca n't use on wire shelving . Have to put solid board or pieces underneath . Still will not hold , hangs down from weight of anything .
 My cabinet shelves are 1/2 &#34; thick and this basket is too wobbly . It also hangs lower than I expected so I ca n't really put much underneath it . The prongs on top of the shelf are rounded too and not flat so you ca n't put things on top of them on the shelf above . Probably as the picture shows , this is better suited for a bathroom or laundry area rather than a kitchen .
 The way specifications were mentioned it sounded a good deal , and price comparision made it more real , but after getting the item I found that it 's true
 The description of these sheets is not accurate . They are listed as 5.4 oz flannel and when I received them , the package stated 4.4 oz . They felt thin and lightweight and I returned them as I was looking for heavier weight flannel sheets .
 I ordered these sheets based on their price . When I went to put them on the bed -LRB- after washing them -RRB- I found that the bottom sheet fit my king-size mattress well , but the top sheet only covered the top of the mattress . There was absolutely no fabric left to hang down over the sides as one would expect to have . The sheets have tags in them , but no size indicated , so I ca n't tell what the top sheet is supposed to fit . I just know it does n't fit my bed . I 'm disappointed , but not with the quality of the fabric -- it seems fine for the price .
 This rug took awhile to receive , however I tried to remain positive . When I opened the rug , the colors were n't nearly as vibrant as the picture . Not sure it 's worth $ 189 . You can probably find one at a local department store for cheaper . Rug looks like it needs cleaning and it 's brand new : / not too happy .
 I ordered these sheets based on their price . When I went to put them on the bed -LRB- after washing them -RRB- I found that the bottom sheet fit my king-size mattress well , but the top sheet only covered the top of the mattress . There was absolutely no fabric left to hang down over the sides as one would expect to have . The sheets have tags in them , but no size indicated , so I ca n't tell what the top sheet is supposed to fit . I just know it does n't fit my bed . I 'm disappointed , but not with the quality of the fabric -- it seems fine for the price .
 The description of these sheets is not accurate . They are listed as 5.4 oz flannel and when I received them , the package stated 4.4 oz . They felt thin and lightweight and I returned them as I was looking for heavier weight flannel sheets .
 The way specifications were mentioned it sounded a good deal , and price comparision made it more real , but after getting the item I found that it 's true
 This chef coat is very , very large -LRB- I ordered a med . -RRB- if you are a ladies size 16 or larger this may fit you -- but the coat has no shaping whatsoever -- so you will look like a big marshmallow -LRB- mine is white -RRB- -- also , where the collar meets at the neck has a very large space -- which is not traditional and looks very odd . The fabric quality is OK , which for the price is not so great . Perhaps this was cut for men , but the buttons and fabric would make it too girly . This coat design needs to be amended and shaped and the overlap -LRB- where the buttons cross over -RRB- needs to be re-thought as the fabric hangs down and bunches under the coat -- so the bottom hem is not ` clean ' -- it needs a button underneeth or something to stop that from happening .
 The description of these sheets is not accurate . They are listed as 5.4 oz flannel and when I received them , the package stated 4.4 oz . They felt thin and lightweight and I returned them as I was looking for heavier weight flannel sheets .
 The way specifications were mentioned it sounded a good deal , and price comparision made it more real , but after getting the item I found that it 's true
 I ordered these sheets based on their price . When I went to put them on the bed -LRB- after washing them -RRB- I found that the bottom sheet fit my king-size mattress well , but the top sheet only covered the top of the mattress . There was absolutely no fabric left to hang down over the sides as one would expect to have . The sheets have tags in them , but no size indicated , so I ca n't tell what the top sheet is supposed to fit . I just know it does n't fit my bed . I 'm disappointed , but not with the quality of the fabric -- it seems fine for the price .
 I do n't own this and did n't buy this . But I am very interested in why this is an EIGHT piece set .1 teapot total 11 creamer total 21 sugar bowl total 32 cups total 52 saucers total 7if you count the lid of the sugar bowl as a single item , you get 8 items , but then , you would have to count the teapot lid as a separate item , as well , which gives you 9 . Am I wrong ? Am I missing something ?
 I 've purchased various seasonal products , many made by Impact Innovations , this Shamrock already has 4 bulbs out/dead . They do not offer replacement bulbs !!
 Good , but handles and lids get really hot when cooking . Use towels or hand mits . Starting to see scratches here and there but we use them every day . We do not put them in the dishwasher at all only a little soap and hot water . Should last another few years ... I hope
 This is warm , beautiful , soft and a fabulous bargain ! I highly recommend it ... and buy the matching sheets ! They 're a wonderful combination !
 So I used the knives and mine was missing the little stand , the piece that was to be mounted under my shelf worked great , the bolts were too long and I could not store stuff in my cabinets so that was useless but OK I have a nice sharp knife set that looks great and by a known company right ? Well they sliced everything that night . They cut everything I put under the blade , and they evev cut EVERYTHING On TOP of the blade . That is right , the `` dull part '' on TOP of the blade that most people will hold to have control over the blade ? Yea that part is so sharp it cuts me open every time . So either I do n't use my knife set , or I fully and ONLY hold the handle and have 0 control over the blade .
 screen is well made , the problem is when i have a big fire on the door magnets dont hold the doors closed.maybe the frame flexes or the magnets loose magnetism , i dont know but it defeats the purpose of a spark screen .
 I bought this from store and after few days only pan has started loosing it 's coating while I never used these cookware in dishwasher and used tools which were with the pack.The red paint is also not stable . It started wearing out soon . Only good thing about this product is it 's Silicon grip.I did contact the manufacturer for the warranty and they asked me to ship it to them with pre-paid return shipping . They 'll analyze it and then ship it back -LRB- new or older depending on the condition -RRB- . Are you kidding me shipping of both side almost 60-70 % cost of this product and then no guarantee if it 'll stay longer.I 'll suggest you not to buy this cookware .
 I HATE HATE HATE this set . I 've had them for 8 months and the teflon is peeling and the non-stick surface sucks ! Everything that I seem to cook always sticks the pan even if I bathe it in PAM , oil , butter you name it . They suck and I will never purchase these again !
 They sell it as T-fal but there is no single word on the box that says T-fal . It is Miro kitchen set as I remember . I returned , no problem from The PricePros for that . It may be a good set just do not sell it as T-fal .
 I normally do n't write reviews for products on Amazon , but this one was bad enough that I want to make sure no one else suffers the same.I bought this set in Aug 2009 and used them occasionally , around twice a week , primarily the saucepans . After a few months , I noticed some chipping of the teflon coating . This was very surprising given how little I used them , and how I always used soft utensils while cooking . As of last week , Mar 2010 , I had to throw the entire set away since these `` chips '' have become huge tears in the teflon up to 1-inch in diameter that reveal the aluminum underneath.I only purchased this set because I had good experience with Mirro products in the past , and ironically , the one saucepan I have left from that last -LRB- good -RRB- set still has its teflon coating intact . Mirro product quality must have gone through some significant drop since then.DO NOT purchase this product !
 After the very first use -- the very first -- the teflon coating is already peeling off exposing the steel below it . I made pasta in the pot and used a SOFT plastic spatula to gently stir it . After that there were already two spots where the coating had come completely off . Now I have used it about 5 times total and the coating looks like it has been scraped with a metal spatula hundreds of times . And no , I did not put it in the dishwasher . Not even once . I used a very soft plastic spatula and did not stir hard . I 've had far better quality from an $ 7.99 pot purchased at a discount store . I seriously do n't understand how the quality could be so poor and this company is still in business . Avoid this unless you want to eat teflon flakes with your pasta .
 After the very first use -- the very first -- the teflon coating is already peeling off exposing the steel below it . I made pasta in the pot and used a SOFT plastic spatula to gently stir it . After that there were already two spots where the coating had come completely off . Now I have used it about 5 times total and the coating looks like it has been scraped with a metal spatula hundreds of times . And no , I did not put it in the dishwasher . Not even once . I used a very soft plastic spatula and did not stir hard . I 've had far better quality from an $ 7.99 pot purchased at a discount store . I seriously do n't understand how the quality could be so poor and this company is still in business . Avoid this unless you want to eat teflon flakes with your pasta .
 It is NOT T-fal . GetaGrip is a Wearever/Mirro product . Do a web search for GetaGrip 10 piece set and you will see . Some sellers , on here and other websites are advertising these as a T-fal product , but show no box ... just product , and NOWHERE on the box mine came in does it say T-fal . If you want REAL T-fal , look elsewhere .
 I received this set as a gift four years ago , and am still using it until I decide which stainless steel set to invest in . I have no metal utensils and have handwashed all my dishes for the past eight years ; however , the non-stick coating began to come off the smaller pots about two years ago -- one has no Teflon whatsoever at this point -- and they are now all in various stages of ` Teflon-shed . ' The cookware is n't terrible , but I expected to use them for longer than four years . The likelihood that the peeling Teflon will be considered evidence of ` abuse ' on my part and not a ` manufacturer 's defect , ' plus the cost of shipping it all back to Wearever , prevents me from returning this set under warranty . Purchase this set if you do n't mind upgrading within a year or two to something more durable .
 The cookwear advertised was T-Fal . When received it was Mirro . If I would have wanted to purchase a knock-off generic brand , I would have purchased a cheap set from a local Walmart . I am very , very disappointed in your advertising of this product . It should have been a T-FAL product PERIOD !!!!!
 I ordered these sheets based on their price . When I went to put them on the bed -LRB- after washing them -RRB- I found that the bottom sheet fit my king-size mattress well , but the top sheet only covered the top of the mattress . There was absolutely no fabric left to hang down over the sides as one would expect to have . The sheets have tags in them , but no size indicated , so I ca n't tell what the top sheet is supposed to fit . I just know it does n't fit my bed . I 'm disappointed , but not with the quality of the fabric -- it seems fine for the price .
 The way specifications were mentioned it sounded a good deal , and price comparision made it more real , but after getting the item I found that it 's true
 The description of these sheets is not accurate . They are listed as 5.4 oz flannel and when I received them , the package stated 4.4 oz . They felt thin and lightweight and I returned them as I was looking for heavier weight flannel sheets .
 This bed was so attractive in the pic , but while putting it together , we found it was not very good quality . The screws are not all done with the hidden fasteners , so you have screw heads showing on the surface areas . Also , some of the wood split when we installed the screws , and the drawers do not fit flush to the surface . Too heavy to ship back though .
 I ordered these sheets based on their price . When I went to put them on the bed -LRB- after washing them -RRB- I found that the bottom sheet fit my king-size mattress well , but the top sheet only covered the top of the mattress . There was absolutely no fabric left to hang down over the sides as one would expect to have . The sheets have tags in them , but no size indicated , so I ca n't tell what the top sheet is supposed to fit . I just know it does n't fit my bed . I 'm disappointed , but not with the quality of the fabric -- it seems fine for the price .
 The description of these sheets is not accurate . They are listed as 5.4 oz flannel and when I received them , the package stated 4.4 oz . They felt thin and lightweight and I returned them as I was looking for heavier weight flannel sheets .
 The way specifications were mentioned it sounded a good deal , and price comparision made it more real , but after getting the item I found that it 's true
 Happy with first two batches , the unit worked better than expected . On the third it stopped heating and after just 60 days I have to send in for warranty at my expense ! This after having to toss 25 $ worth of beef . I will check back in to advise on the experience .
 I 'm a jerky maker and I 've had 3 Gardenmasters -LRB- Original -RRB- This unit does not dry as well as the first . Maybe because heat rises and it naturally works better . The concept is good because the original unit rusts out because of any marinades used , drops downinto the unit . I do not reccomend this product !
 I was interested in FD-1020 , because of the timer feature . But , after looking at Nesco 's web site there is no FD-1020 . Only a FD-1010 , and it does not have a timer . : -LRB-
 I wanted the Gardenmaster to make my own gluten-free jerky . Despite many readings of the instruction manual I missed that for safety I needed to include the spice packet -LRB- which makes things dry faster , before bacteria can grow at the low-heat levels -RRB- . So that batch is sitting in the freezer and I 'm not sure what to do with it.The directions are confusing -LRB- the top of the machine very clearly states that jerky is made at 160 degrees , Nesco customer service says 155 -- does n't sound like a big difference but E.coli is killed at 160 -RRB- . The manual says to dehydrate jerky for 2-15 hours . Customer service says 5-8 . Why the huge difference ? Does n't instill a lot of confidence.Customer service also did n't offer very helpful advice about whether their spice packets were gluten-free -LRB- `` yes , except Teriyaki flavor , and in the case of allergies it 's best to play it safe if you 're not sure '' -- duh ! -RRB- . Does the temperature rise high enough fast enough to be able to skip the pre-dehydrating cooking at 160 that the USDA recommends ? Nesco did n't respond to that -LRB- though it would seems that exactly why they made a dehydrator that reaches those temps , but I 'd like confirmation -RRB- , said to just use the aforementioned spice packet that may or may not include allergens.I 'd give it a lower score because the whole experience has been disappointing , but the machine is relatively quiet and dries well .
 After 2 years of light use , the motor burned out drying herbs at 90 degrees . It might be a good price , but replacing it every two years makes for very expensive fruit leather .
 I purchased the dehydrator 12 months ago . Used it about 10 times , mostly for drying peppers and herbs . Then I tried to dry some thyme at 90 degrees . I checked it after 30 minutes
 I was SO looking forward to using this . But alas , right out of the box , the heater does n't work.I 'll review again after return and reshipment .
 We bought this high end product based on good reviews . What a disappointment ! When we dried prune plums from our trees , at a medium temperature , it melted the top two trays . The melted trays had to be tossed , and as I sit here and look at it , five of 12 trays warped enough to let air flow out the sides instead of all the way through the trays and out the bottom . I just dried some pie cherries from the freezer and due to the air flow , they came out very unevenly dried .
 I bought the unit and it was working very well . It dried the fruits and vegetables very nicely until it was malfunction . It was malfunction while I was trying to dry some red chills . I used the dehydrator to dry some chills four hours ago and I reset the timer for another six hours . The motor of the dehydrator was malfunction and caught fire after turned on for the first two hours . It caught fire and burned all the items on the nearby coffee table . The wall was catching fire and the whole room was smoking . The smoke traveled to the second floor thru the staircase . Fortunately , the smoke activated the smoke alarm so we could put out the fire earlier before the whole house caught fire . We did the fire claim to our home insurance company -LRB- Allstate -RRB- . Allstate took the burnt dehydrator to their lab for investigation . They told us the fire was caused by the malfunction from the motor of the dehydrator . So please be very carefully do not leave the dehydrator out of sight when you using it ; or consider to shop for another model .
 I did not purchase this unit but feel obligated to post the information for the buyers . ============================ Food Dehydrator Recalled by NESCO American Harvest Due to Fire HazardDescription
 For about the first min . of operation upon each start up the unit makes a loud noise as if a fan in there somewhere is hitting something . After about the first min. , the noise goes away & the unit functions however since it arrived in this condition I am wondering what else will go wrong with it & how fast.I love this dehydrator ... when I can get a hold of one that works right .
 I ordered these sheets based on their price . When I went to put them on the bed -LRB- after washing them -RRB- I found that the bottom sheet fit my king-size mattress well , but the top sheet only covered the top of the mattress . There was absolutely no fabric left to hang down over the sides as one would expect to have . The sheets have tags in them , but no size indicated , so I ca n't tell what the top sheet is supposed to fit . I just know it does n't fit my bed . I 'm disappointed , but not with the quality of the fabric -- it seems fine for the price .
 The way specifications were mentioned it sounded a good deal , and price comparision made it more real , but after getting the item I found that it 's true
 The description of these sheets is not accurate . They are listed as 5.4 oz flannel and when I received them , the package stated 4.4 oz . They felt thin and lightweight and I returned them as I was looking for heavier weight flannel sheets .
 When the first one came , I could not get the watch to work either . I exchanged it with Amazon , and the replacement had the same problem . I took it apart and found that the battery was dead . The paperwork is also wrong - the correct battery is # 364 -LRB- SR621 -RRB- .
 We never did figure out how to make them work . The saddest thing was we gave them as gifts to our nephews boys and they could not use them . Very dissatisfied with this purchase .
 This was a beautiful item but when it arrived , it was a bazillion pieces !!!! What a shame ! The packaging was the worst of the worst ! I would love to order it again but afraid it would arrive in the same condition1
 I was concerned about the breakage reported here , but ordered one anyway . Like the others , mine arrived with a very distinct rattle noise coming from the box when I picked it up . Of course , the rattle was due to the marble being in several pieces . I hope that you folks that are getting broken boards are making the special Amazon reports on packaging . Maybe if they get enough negative reports , they 'll fix the problem.This is really unfortunate that Amazon does n't do a better job packing the individual pieces for shipment . The marble is nice looking and is the size that I need , but I 'm hesitant to order another one . Amazon had no problem taking it back and issuing an immediate refund , but that does n't cover the hassle and costs of repacking it and taking it to a UPS station . I really want one , so I may give it another try.Rather than go through the hassle of possibly getting another broken board , I ordered this marble board , RSVP International Marble Pastry Board 18x18-in . because of the reviews that praised the packaging for getting a nice product to them in one piece . It will be here in a couple of days , so I 'll update this when it arrives . Update
 The board arrived broken because of very poor packaging . I 'm not even going to bother with a replacement .
 I did n't even take it all the way out of the package . I heard the pieces rattling around inside and only opened it far enough to confirm that it was broken . I really wanted it but wo n't ask for a replacement since it would arrive broken , also . The packaging is just plain silly .
 Wow . Looking at these other reviews it looks like Amazon has a real packaging problem . This is exactly the kind of board I have been looking for , at a good price . The first one arrived in its simple cardboard box with two skinny pieces of foam . I could tell by the rattle that things were not well . To its credit , Amazon is very good about customer service , and UPS picked it up the next day . The replacement arrived today , the same simple box packed in a much larger box , with a couple of crumpled up pieces of paper to protect it . Not . This board was in three pieces . Amazon will refund me my money , and suggests I select another seller . I would like to have them make good on preparing an order . But somebody has to be getting the message , and stop wasting all this time , energy , and marble .
 ZERO stars . Having used the Sunbeam mattress pads for years -LRB- 7 -RRB- and never once having them fail to perform , I purchased a new one as a back up in case one of mine quit . I noticed Bed Bath & Beyond sells an upgraded one , same Sunbeam brand , with 20 settings -LRB- who needs 20 settings ? -RRB- for about $ 109.00 for a queen size . Having only paid around $ 69 for the ones in the past I stuck with what I knew worked and ordered this one from Amazon . As soon as the pad was set up both electric controls flashed and refused to turn on or off . In addition , although this may seem rather insignificant , the controls were blue , not a color I prefer , especially since they are quite visible on your night tables . These pads have been great in the past , well made and a product you could trust . Save yourself the stress and order another brand from someone else with a good return policy , as Amazon 's .
 One of the controllers -LRB- King size bed -RRB- only has one temperature -LRB- very hot -RRB- no matter where you set it . We have asked for and are waiting for a return tag from Amazon . The other side works fine . We like the idea but would like a product that works .
 I ordered this spice rack and one of the arms was broken when I recieved it . I returned it to Amazon and they shipped me another one right away . It was broken in the exact same way . The other reviews say the same thing . If you order this , cross your fingers that it does n't come broken .
 Found this item in a store for 79.99 , decided to check Amazon for a better price at 59.99 and free shipping . Order was shipped and received in 2 days , middle spindle was broken , since it was plastic , it was not fixable . Sent it back and asked for replacement . Very easy return policy and procedures . Received the second shipment in 2 days -LRB- very quick -RRB- , 1 of the spice holders was broken in 2 , again plastic and not fixable . Sent it back , this was just not meant to be . Ask for the refund this time .
 Cheap arrived with broken wheel and twq spices also broken . Poorly packed . Not worth repacking & sending back
 silver colored plastic forms the `` wheel '' and `` base '' as well as the lids for the jars of spices . very cheaply made . save your money .
 I like the idea of a spinning spice rack because it is unique and it saves space . However , this one looks like it is metal , but as soon as you open it you can tell that it is plastic with a shiny `` sticker '' like finish . In addition , it did n't even have some of the basic spices like garlic powder . Nice idea , but poorly built . I just hope mine will last .
 The spice rack is very flimsy , everything is plastic . When I opened it and took it out of the box the wheel spun around and threw 2 of the spices off the rack and broke the lids . Because everything is plastic it makes the stand wiggle if you turn the wheel . It seemed as if the actual support stand would not endure through too many turnings . I sent it back and will look for a stainless steel rack instead .
 One of the jars was broken in the box so I had to go buy extra jar at bed bath and beyond . It is cheaply made and not stable . It looks fancy but every time I use it , I just hope it wont break down .
 Very disappointed that 141/2 pint jars would not fit in the cooker as it made the jars -LRB- 7 stacked on top of 7 -RRB- too high for the lid to fit . The book noted that a canning disk could be requested from Nesco , but Nesco says the canning disk is the same as the steamer basket that was shipped with the cooker .
 The handle is so heavy/long on this skillet that it tilts the entire thing towards it and results in an uneven surface and heating on the pan .
 I ordered the pictured -LRB- Dark Wood -RRB- Nightstand and they sent me a pine colored one . I mean come on that is not a simple mistake . That is deliberate . Avoid this COMPANY !!!
 I bought this chair on the basis of all the glowing recommendations from other purchasers . As others have stated , the chair is quite adjustable , and can be comfortable for short periods of time.However , I am just not enamored with the chair back . I bought the adjustable lumbar support , but I can not get it to go high enough to actually support the lumbar region of my back . The highest it will go is right at the top of my hip bones , probably 3-4 '' too low . I am tall -LRB- 6 ' 2 '' -RRB- , but I have a hard time believing that the architecture of my back is really that different from the norm . I ended up jamming the lumbar support as low as it would go , just to get it out of the way.I absolutely despise the chair back itself . Rather than a conventional padded back , the Think Chair has multiple tensioned wires that run horizontally , covered by a thin mesh . After a few hours in this chair , these wires really start to irritate my back , because they do n't distribute the pressure evenly . When sitting in the chair I am supported by only 15 of these wires , and I can feel them pressing into my back . After a while it feels like they have cut off circulation . I have resorted to placing a thick blanket over the back of the chair in hopes that it will distribute the load more evenly . I am pretty skinny , so maybe I am the problem rather than the chair.All in all I am disappointed in this chair , and wish I had purchased something else . That was $ 768 not well spent .
 This chair may be great for average height people . For someone who is 6 ' 5 '' , it 's terrible . The seat is WAY too small . The edge is not the 2 or 3 inches from my knees that is usually most comfortable . It sits 6-7 inches back from my knees , and hits the bottom of my thighs just right so that my legs go numb . Also , the fabric of the seat is entirely too `` grippy '' . I am constantly having to pull out the bunching in my pants or shorts because every time I shift in the chair the clothing does not move . Finally , the padding is severely lacking . Along with being 6 ' 5 '' , I also run and lift weights , so I 'm not fat but I weigh 230lbs . The padding is not even close to being enough to be comfortable for me . The only plus is the seat back , which I like , but it too grips my clothes , so my shirt will gather up and slowly ride it 's way up my back.If this chair really won as many awards as review sites say , the reviewers had to have been 5 ' 5 '' , 100lb toothpicks.Long story short , I hate this chair and am mad I wasted the money . It sits in my closet now and I have gone back to my $ 90 Office Depot chair . Since I lost all the paperwork , by confusing it with paperwork from another order I had come in , and throwing it away , I ca n't return this . $ 700 wasted .
 I did not buy this chair from Amazon . However I 've been using it for a year at work.Here are my main reasons :1 . The seat is too small , and I 'm average weight/height for an European . It 's also leaning downwards or something , so I usually fold one leg on the chair , and put the other leg over it , resulting in knee pains . I 'm not the only one at the office who does this , with the same pains . This point alone is enough to stay away from the chair .2 . The back ca n't be locked at a comfortable angle . Most chairs have a function to tilt it back to lean more comfortable in it . This one does not . It has some setting for it , but there are only two settings , which are both very upright .3 . The neck support is terrible .4 . The lumbar support is just some random piece of plastic that slides up and down , mostly downwards . It does not go far enough up for me , and I 'm just 1.74 cm / 5 ' and 8.5 '' I usually try to get it as low as possible to just get it out of my way .5 . the back is just a thin nylon mesh resting on some metal wire . A bit too flimsy for my taste.From the reviews , some people actually seem to like it , so I guess it can be for you . But noone at our office likes them at least . It 's not worth the price , you can find equal quality at IKEA . / Johan , Sweden .
 This is Stupid Chair !! Think twice and really try one out before you buy one . My employer bought these chairs for almost all of us in a recent remodel . The seat pan is non-breathable -LRB- although we were told it is breathable material -RRB- and sticks to your legs . AND , there is not enough padding in the seat . Most of us have added our own fabric pad , to make the chair usable . I have tried and tried to reset the chair , but my legs still get numb after 45 minutes of sitting . Might be fine for people under 30 , but the rest of us are suffering .
 I own the Honeywell HFD-135 air purifier along with a Sharper Image Hybrid GP air purifier for the past 3 years . Although I do not suffer from many allergies , I would prefer to keep my home air as clean as possible for guests and my health.I was always skeptical over the effectiveness of my air purifiers , as they both do not use HEPA filter media to `` strain '' out the air , but both rely on charging particles and then collecting these charged particles on a collection grid . The Honeywell also has 6 ozone generating probes to `` add refreshing ions '' to the air -LRB- if you flip your filter on its side and turn off the lights , you 'll see these metal needles that glow purple at the tip of the needle while the unit is running -RRB- , whereas the Sharper Image Hybrid GP has a catalytic `` Ozone Guard '' grid to neutralize ozone.In any case , my skepticism brought me to purchase a laser particle counter from Dylos Corporation , one that measures the amount of particles in the air between 0.5 micrometers to 2.5 micrometers , and from 2.5 micrometers up , per cubic foot of air . The EPA -LRB- http://www.epa.gov/pm/basic.html -RRB- states that air particles under the size of 10 micrometers is generally not good for your lungs and health , so the less fine particles in the air the better.As a reference , Dylos states that if you add up both the particles counts that it collects together , anything above 105,000 particles/cubic foot is an indication of poor air quality , 30,000-105 ,000 is fair , 15,000-30 ,000 is good , 7,500-15 ,000 is very good , and 0-7 ,500 is excellent.I power up the particle counter unit outside the home -LRB- Phoenix Arizona -RRB- just to see what my air quality was like outdoors , the unit read 112,000 particles/cubic foot -LRB- 0.5uM-2 .5 uM -RRB- and 21,000 particles/cubic foot -LRB- 2.5 uM + -RRB- . Poor air quality.Inside my house the unit registered 28,000 particles/cubic foot -LRB- 0.5-2 .5 uM -RRB- and 6,000 particles/cubic foot -LRB- 2.5 uM + -RRB- . Fair air border-lining good air quality.Now the interesting part , testing the air coming out of the two air filters : Sharper Image Hybrid GP on High registered 12,000 particles/cubic foot -LRB- 0.5-2 .5 uM -RRB- and 4,200 particles/cubic foot -LRB- 2.5 uM + -RRB- . So the unit is cleaning the air , but not as well as a true HEPA filter would , which theoretically filters out 99 % of particles above 1uM . But still helping bring the air quality towards the very good range.Honeywell HFD-135 on High registered 114,000 particles/cubic foot -LRB- 0.5uM-2 .5 uM -RRB- and 8,000 particles/cubic foot -LRB- 2.5 uM + -RRB- . This thing is spewing out more pollution than the air outside ! Particularly smaller particles between 0.5uM-2 .5 uM . Perhaps it is from all the ozone being generated from the unit.I can not recommend this filter based on what I have observed , I have stopped using this unit because it appears to make more air pollutants than it cleans.Update 1-7-11I retested both units after giving them a thorough cleaning and the results were as follows : Sharper Image Hybrid GP on High registered 10,500 particles/cubic foot -LRB- 0.5-2 .5 uM -RRB- and 4,000 particles/cubic foot -LRB- 2.5 uM + -RRB- . A slight improvement.Honeywell HFD-135 on High registered 241,000 particles/cubic foot -LRB- 0.5uM-2 .5 uM -RRB- and 13,000 particles/cubic foot -LRB- 2.5 uM + -RRB- . This unit is even dirtier after cleaning ?
 After a couple of months it began to fail with the air purification , the fan has more dust than the floor of my room , I used it on a little room , I feel like I am recicling the dust in the air.In addition I will never buy from VERTEK , the things looks used and with scratches.Update 20-may-2012 : The purifier does n't work , just the UV lights , it just move the dust all over the room , I need to turn it off since like 6 months ago if I do n't want dust in the air.Luego de un par de meses empez&oacute; a fallar la purificaci&oacute;n del aire , apenas -LRB- o ir&oacute;nicamente -RRB- funciona para el humo y algunos olores mientras que part&iacute;culas mas grandes y polvo no las atrapa , para no perder todo el dinero pienso comprar un filtro HEPA regular a la medida para ponerselo a este equipo.Adicionalmente no lo comprar&iacute;a desde VERTEK aparentemente el equipo era usado y posee fallas en la pantalla LCD , sin embargo por razones personales no puedo devolver el equipo.Actualizaci&oacute;n 20 de Mayo del 2012 : El equipo tiene cerca de 6 meses que no trabajo bien . solo mantiene el polvo en el aire y para que las cosas no se me llenen de aire tengo que apagarlo , solo funciona la l&aacute;mpara UV y s&eacute; que es as&iacute; por el olor a ozono que emana de la misma una vez que es encendida .
 Pros :1 - -RRB- It moves a lot of air .2 - -RRB- It looks neatCons1 - -RRB- It does n't filter air well at all , buy a hepa over this .2 - -RRB- It 's a fire hazard . You 'll notice that this machine sucks airfrom the bottom . Well , the bottom area has all the wires for themachine to work , in the same area where the area is being sucked in.So , what happens , is all the dust that is suckedin from the bottom creates large dust bunnies all over the electricalwires and in the area where the UV bulbs are at . You can not openthis machine to clean that area , you can only clean the filter . Youcan not vacuum this area either , the vents do n't allow enough access .3 - -RRB- The prefilter will collect more dust than the IFD filter , and thatis n't worth $ 10 . A lot ofdust passes through the pre filter and does not get collected in theIFD filter and it spews out through the topfan . You will see this as it accumulates on the top fan fins .4 - -RRB- It creates a plastic smell when it runs , with or without the UV on.This is not worth the money . I threw mine out . Honeywell enviracare isgood if you need a 360 ' air flow . But whatever you do , do n't waste your money on this.If you did buy this . . well , I 'm sorry . There is not much you can doto fix this . You 're out the money you spent .
 This filter does seem to work well , however , I am returning it due to the excessive noise that it makes . If you look at the other reviews -LRB- for the HFD-130 -RRB- you will see the noise described as `` white noise '' ; let me explain the noise that it makes a little better than that . The unit does make a white noise that is associated with the moving fan blades . However , underlying this noise is a lower pitched motor noise that is more of a whining sound - like a vacuum cleaner . This noise is less than the white noise on the low setting , about equal to the white noise on medium , and overpowers the white noise on high . The other quality of the whining noise is that you can hear it from a further distance than the white noise . So when you have the unit on high , you can hear the whining noise resonating throughout my home , i.e. through the floorboards and through the walls.I think that one of the greatest considerations with an appliance such as this should be noise . I can not understand why the Honeywell engineers have not done a better job considering this .
 I have had this unit for a year now and I can say that it does nothing for dust removal . I have gone through 3 cycles for cleaning the filter and there is nothing in the water when i rinse it out . There is a lot of dust on the unit fan blades which are AFTER the filter which tell me that the dust is going straight through the filter . It is in my bedroom and there is always dust on my furniture . The uv lights on the top of the unit can be annoying if you do n't like your room lit up like Vegas when you sleep .
 It does n't work well . I 've followed the instructions exactly , and made sure all electrical contacts on the filter unit were clean -LRB- wiped off carefully with a slightly moistened cloth , let to dry for several hours -RRB- , but it has almost no effect with large clay-like dust particles or dorm-room smells in a 130 square foot room . We get virtually no air circulation - radiator heating . It 's ineffective on smells even on High after continuous usage for several days . There 's almost nothing visible that washes out when the filter is cleaned -LRB- by vacuuming AND then water washing-no soaps -RRB- within three days of when the indicator suggests to do so . It is allowed to dry for several hours , per the instruction manual . I 'm very picky about following instructions.It 's loud . I 'd forgive it if it worked at filtering , which it does n't . However , I can hear it -LRB- on Medium and High -RRB- easily through a solid-core wood door and fibreglass insulated walls , which blocks almost all dorm-sounds -LRB- which are significant -RRB- . And it almost drowns , out -LRB- on Low settings -RRB- rather loud computer fans.The sound is only that of loud airflow , so I ca n't imagine that the fan itself is broken.However , I have confidence that the germicidal lamps do work . That 's something . The fan is reliable , so I can probably salvage that for some DIY project . And it really looks kind of nice , considering that it 's an air purifier . I give it two stars for that.I replaced it -LRB- after giving it 6 months to work itself out -RRB- with a Honeywell 18155 SilentComfort -LRB- which has no germicidal lamps -RRB- . That one got rid of the smells all in less than an hour , and on High it 's much quieter on High than even the Low settings on this HFD-135 . Overall , thumbs down .
 This is my second unit , the first being replaced under warranty . I can not determine if any allergens or dirt for that matter actually are trapped with this unit . Kaz told me to return the first at my expense which I did , UPS $ 50 . The telephone conversation with tech support indicated she was very surprised and found it unusual for this unit describing that her cleaning found a lot of trapped dirt in the cleaning water , and said to send it in for a replacement . The first one 's behavior was the same as this replacement unit.Actually more dust and dirt accumulate on the internal fan and pre-filter than on the charged honeycomb section . The washing instructions indicated to wash this section in water and detergent to clean out all of the trapped particles . From what I see after more than a month of continuous running , the `` dish water '' is as clean as it was before I began the cleaning procedure and counter to what tech support had described.So now I 'm out over $ 300 plus $ 50 return shipping and have a new unit purchased at half the cost of this unit , is silent -LRB- no fan -RRB- and does a far superior job collecting all sorts of airborne junk , an Ionic Pro.Update Feb 23 , 2010I 've decided to give this unit another go . I have disassembled the unit as far as the hidden screws and cleaned the entire unit with compressed air . It was really dusty on the inside plastic case material and fan blades ! The fasteners are Torx 15 size and somewhat difficult to get at . I reassembled the unit with new UV lamps at a cost of $ 40 at Home Depot . I wo n't do that again as the plastic smell is made much worse while they are operating . The lamps are housed in what appears to be a closed plastic box not much larger than the lamps themselves , read , I do n't get it . What good does that do other than heating the plastic and producing the smell ? I intended to see if any power was getting to the filter media but found no way to do so . Possibly on the next go round.So this morning I fired it up with the UV lamps turned on and the plastic smell was awful , so I turned the UV lamps off and the smell improved somewhat . I 'll be back to report on my `` progress '' in my attempt to actually capture any dirt/dust or anything at all.Update June 16 , 2010 : Well I 've thrown in the towel on this one . After running the second unit again for a few months , there are no changes . UV lamps still smell like burning plastic when turned on and nothing is collected in the powered media . I have an ozone generator -LRB- Living air -RRB- so I know what ozone smells like . So I 've donated it to the local waste management company to send it on its way to our land fill , -LRB- picture above -RRB- . Unfortunately we do not have a recycler company in the area to recycle this kind of equipment . No more Honeywell for me . Sayanara!Feb . 2011 I see that Vertek is selling this thing for $ 89.95 . That 's $ 89.95 too much .
 This product is pretty nice , except for the fact that the spices that were supposed to come with it were not included . At first I thought maybe the description on Amazon was wrong , but then I looked at the box it came in , and it listed all the spices that were `` in the box '' . All the jars were completely empty . The thing is , the box smelled pretty strongly of spices . So what the hell ? Did the seller steal them all before shipping ? Do they eat coriander by the spoonful ? Do they smoke oregano thinking that its weed ? Who knows . Oh , another cool thing is they did n't include a receipt or anything so I ca n't return it . Cool business plan guys . I give this product two middle fingers up .
 I ordered these sheets based on their price . When I went to put them on the bed -LRB- after washing them -RRB- I found that the bottom sheet fit my king-size mattress well , but the top sheet only covered the top of the mattress . There was absolutely no fabric left to hang down over the sides as one would expect to have . The sheets have tags in them , but no size indicated , so I ca n't tell what the top sheet is supposed to fit . I just know it does n't fit my bed . I 'm disappointed , but not with the quality of the fabric -- it seems fine for the price .
 The description of these sheets is not accurate . They are listed as 5.4 oz flannel and when I received them , the package stated 4.4 oz . They felt thin and lightweight and I returned them as I was looking for heavier weight flannel sheets .
 The way specifications were mentioned it sounded a good deal , and price comparision made it more real , but after getting the item I found that it 's true
 Pay attention to the `` muted ochre '' brown/black description , which is correct , rather than the title description which states `` reversible throw blanket soft brown earth tone cream '' . There is no cream color in this blanket whatsoever . The colors are muted and certainly not `` vibrant . '' When it states `` reversible '' it means it reverses to the same on the other side - it 's woven . The title suggested to me that it reversed from the soft brown earth tone on one side to a cream color on the other side . It does not . Also note that the edges are not hemmed , they 're stitched . If you need to return the blanket , the company does not refund the original postage and charges a 10 % restocking fee . I am returning nonetheless as it does not work for the space intended . Also be forewarned that when you request return information from the company you will receive a snippy , poorly worded response , nothing that would encourage return business . Had the response been a bit more courteous , I may have considered placing another order for a different throw that would have better met my needs . Based on their response , I can assure them they will not be getting any further orders from me .
 This blanket is not Alpaca , but some sort of polyester . When I burned a few fibers , they turned into a little hard ball , not ash , and did not smell like fur or hair . The description for this item is fraudulent . Amazon should ban this seller.Also , the blanket does not look like the photo . The photo has an appealing color variation that makes it look natural . The actual blanket is entirely uniform in color.After going round & round ; with the website , I chose the option to call Amazon . They answered quickly , and Melissa sorted out everything and sent me a return label , and the blanket will go back on Monday .
 1 . Cover fits loose and Will Not Stay ON .2 . Pick will eventually PULL OUT of Handle and super Glue is a Temporary fix.Its NOT Locked in or Glued . Just a Hole with a smaller Diameter than the Pick and forced in .
 I was very happy to receive this icepick with its nice wooden cover . The icepick itself is great , very comfortable in the hand and very sharp . The main reason I chose this particular one , however , was for the cover in order to make it safe to keep in a drawer . Only the second time I removed the cover from the icepick -LRB- brand new - had it for 2 days -RRB- the metal collar around the base of the pick came off and remained stuck in the wood cover ; and I had to remove it with needle-nose pliers . Now , of course , the collar will no longer stay on the icepick which renders the wooden cover completely useless - without the collar the cover can not fit snugly on the icepick . After seeing how poorly the collar is fitted to the icepick , I understand how it could never be expected to stay put - very bad design.Yes , I have an icepick which in itself is not defective -LRB- so far -RRB- and yes , I can stick a cork on the end of the pick ; but since , for me , its selling point was the safety aspect of the wooden cover and I paid $ 3.20 more for this one with the cover over the same pick without a cover , I am rating it only one star because it completely fails to live up to its description in that regard . If you 're looking for the same thing in an icepick I suggest you look elsewhere as this is a design flaw , not simply a defective item . At the very least , save yourself a few bucks and buy the one without the useless cover for only $ 2.79
 I ordered these sheets based on their price . When I went to put them on the bed -LRB- after washing them -RRB- I found that the bottom sheet fit my king-size mattress well , but the top sheet only covered the top of the mattress . There was absolutely no fabric left to hang down over the sides as one would expect to have . The sheets have tags in them , but no size indicated , so I ca n't tell what the top sheet is supposed to fit . I just know it does n't fit my bed . I 'm disappointed , but not with the quality of the fabric -- it seems fine for the price .
 The description of these sheets is not accurate . They are listed as 5.4 oz flannel and when I received them , the package stated 4.4 oz . They felt thin and lightweight and I returned them as I was looking for heavier weight flannel sheets .
 The way specifications were mentioned it sounded a good deal , and price comparision made it more real , but after getting the item I found that it 's true
 ... the quality of the wood is just really awful . A couple pieces came pre-broken -LRB- split right in the middle -RRB- . When screwing on the drawer knobs , a couple of them broke despite our careful handling . I most certainly was not expecting heirloom quality by any means , but this is really outrageous given the price and the quality that the photo conveys . About 3 months in , the top also split . I 'm extremely disappointed in the quality of this product . I actually bought the matching armoire about 5-6 years ago and it has held up very well , so you can imagine my disappointment . I have heard that many furniture manufacturers use this ploy where the first few batches manufactured are done w / good quality , then as demand picks up , they continue to find ways to drive the manufacturing costs down , but price points either remain or go up so profit can go up . I realize this is common trend in manufacturing and likely made worse with the economic recession of hte past 3-4 years , but this is beyond any of that understanding . The quality is just really abysmal and I will never -LRB- and I mean never -RRB- buy another product from Home Decorators again . Very disappointing and poor quality all around .
 I was very disappointed when I assembled this dresser . Upon inspecting the wood pieces I found that only the drawer sides , drawer backs , knobs , and drawer spacers are actually solid pine . The rest is MDF . I expected some pieces to be MDF , like the backing , but not the sides , top , decorative piece at the bottom . I am very unhappy that I spent so much money on something that is n't nearly the quality I was expecting . I could have gotten something similar made of the same materials for at least $ 100 less , if not more.The instructions are decently written , but they severely underestimate the assembly time . The booklet states 45 minutes for assembly but it took me about three hours . Everything has to be screwed in by hand , which is n't a problem , except the pieces you screw into do not have pre-drilled holes . It is difficult to get everything lined up properly , especially the drawer backs , which when fitted snugly are not centered with the holes on the drawer sides . More than once I had a screw crack through the drawer back . The drawer knobs are also difficult to work with . Instead of being flat -LRB- or having a nice pre-drilled hole -RRB- , there was a bit of wood that stuck out directly in the center of each knob . This made it difficult to screw through and two knobs even split in half while I was screwing into them . There are uneven gaps above or below all the drawers and the decorative piece on the bottom of the dresser has big gaps on each side.The only redeeming quality about this dresser is that my three year old daughter adores it . But after all the problems , hassles , and the fact that it is absolutely not solid wood , her feelings are n't enough to get me to like it .
 This holder is quite nice and built durable . Unfortunately , the paper clamp that is spring loaded was broke .
 I bought this item to store cereal and coffee as we 've had trouble with those little pantry moths . The concept was great and my Dad & I were both very excited to try the product . The problem is that this product is just not user friendly and not easy to use.The first time my Dad , who is 80 , tried to vacuum seal the top , he broke the lid . Since I had 2 lids , we swapped the lid out and then I would vacuum out the air out of the container . I had trouble with the lid , too . Getting the pump placed just right and then `` fiddling '' would commence until the pump was in the appropriate placement before air removal commenced . This morning my dad again attempted to seal and vacuum the air out of the cereal container , again , with no luck.I do n't recommend this product . It 's not user friendly and requires an awful lot of work to get it to function the way it 's supposed to work .
 I opened the package -LRB- which arrived quite quickly -RRB- , and as with all things plastic , I checked the recycling symbol to see what it was made of . To my horror , I saw ` pc ' -LRB- polycarbonate -RRB- imprinted onto the bottom of the container , which means it contains bis-phenol-A -LRB- BPA -RRB- . So , I am returning this item . What a shame . I 'll have to look for another one which does n't contain toxic plastics . They should just make them out of glass or stainless steel .
 No gurantee . Manufacturer will not stand behind product . Purchased few years ago . Product imploded upon initial test . Manual does suggest nor warn user that over pumping the pump to create the vacum can cause the plastic container to break -LRB- implode -RRB- . The product itself does not offer enough resistance nor give indications when to stop extracting air to form the vacum inside to marinate the meat . Contacted manufacturer for replacement . Manufactuer refused to replace product while it was still new . Never had a chance to test product on meat . Spent over $ 30 -LRB- probably close to $ 40 -RRB- . I would not give this product any stars . But I 'm forced to give it at least one star . STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT ! SAVE YOUR MONEY ! No matter how favorable the reviews . If the product does not last and the manufacturer does not stand behind what it sells , the product is USELESS .
 I had one of these for 4-5 years and it worked great week after week , then it cracked . After tht amount of time it was a no brainer , I was a believer and ordered a new one . It was the same model I had all those years and it ended up cracking like the 3rd time I used it . Too bad it was an excellent product at one time , but way too pricy to give another try .
 I had a much older marinator but it finally broke after many years , so I ordered this one . The pump has greatly improved ; so much easier . But the bowl has a very stupid design . The bottom of the bowl is not level ... it 's `` humped '' whereby the middle section is raised and the area near the edges -LRB- where the bottom of the bowl meets the sides -RRB- are much lower . I do n't get the reasoning behind this ! So , part of the meat -LRB- the portion that 's against the edge -RRB- is in the marinade , but the remaining portion of the meat -LRB- the part that 's not shoved against the edge -RRB- does n't touch the marinade unless you pour a HUGE amount of marinade in the bowl to fill up the entire bottom . Dumb design . I wish I knew this feature before I bought it , but the picture does n't reveal this .
 WORKED WELL THE FIRST TIME I USED IT . AFTER THAT ITS WORTHLESS . DOESNT HOLD THE VACUUM . BIG GIMMICK . I WOULD NEVER BUY ANOTHER ONE . VERY DISAPPOINTED .
 I purchased this time as a Christmas present for my wife , -LRB- ok it was for me too -RRB- My first use I put in chicken and Italian dressing . It was seated on the kitchen counter top for about 1 hour when all of a sudden it exploded . Yes it exploded , stuff hit the ceiling and went all over the kitchen . Their are no instructions on how much air to pump out . I must have pumped out too much but how am I to know that ? If anyone was next to the counter we would be on the way to the emergency room right now . Interesting product but it 's NOT safe . Do n't buy .
 Having successfully used the wine saver product from the same producer , I thought the marinating container would be a great addition . The second time I used it , 1 minute after I left it aside to marinate the meat , the lid imploded , and that was the end of my marinating container .
 Used it once , washed it and the pump no longer worked . I use the bowl to marinate the old way now . Disappointed .
 I think that when you pull `` too strong '' a vacuum and then put the INSTANT MARINATER into the REFRIGERATOR , the container IMPLODES . I believe what happened was that the volume of what little air was left in the Instant marinater `` shrunk '' due to the colder temperature of the refrigerator , increased the strength of the vacuum and that the sides of the container were not strong enough to withstand the forces.Or maybe it was because there were some scratches on the surface of the container that was enough to sufficiently weaken the container wall . I was cleaning the item with a soft sponge and non-abrasive liquid dishwashing soap.Before this incident , I had done the same as above -LRB- meat into Instant Marinader , pulled vacuum and put in refrigerator -RRB- without any problems.I think this item has a nice concept , but that the materials could have been stronger . Another idea would be to have some sort of mechanism to prevent `` too strong '' of a vacuum pull .
 This item is a piece of junk !! When you seal it the airpressure is so tight that you can not release it to remove the lid . The valve malfunctioned after the 2nd use.A waste of money !!!
 I think that when you pull `` too strong '' a vacuum and then put the INSTANT MARINATER into the REFRIGERATOR , the container IMPLODES . I believe what happened was that the volume of what little air was left in the Instant marinater `` shrunk '' due to the colder temperature of the refrigerator , increased the strength of the vacuum and that the sides of the container were not strong enough to withstand the forces.Or maybe it was because there were some scratches on the surface of the container that was enough to sufficiently weaken the container wall . I was cleaning the item with a soft sponge and non-abrasive liquid dishwashing soap.Before this incident , I had done the same as above -LRB- meat into Instant Marinader , pulled vacuum and put in refrigerator -RRB- without any problems.I think this item has a nice concept , but that the materials could have been stronger . Another idea would be to have some sort of mechanism to prevent `` too strong '' of a vacuum pull .
 Length :
 I bought 2 . One works and the other does n't . It does not make a vacume . I think the rubber is lose or something . A 50 % satisfaction rate is nt good .
 The bowl is a bit small , but this marinater does work well -- while it lasts . As has happened to so many others , my lid cracked after only a few uses . Did I pump too many times ? Maybe . But this device needs either a stronger lid , a weaker pump , or a vacuum-release valve . It simply costs too much to be so prone to breaking in normal use.I emailed the company about getting a replacement lid . $ 9.99 for the lid plus $ 11.54 for shipping to Seattle ; just shy of what a completely new unit would cost.I 'm generally a fan of Vacu Vin products , but I 'm looking for a different brand for my replacement marinater .
 I found many reviews on the internet prior to my getting this . I bought it because it '' `` seemed '' '' to review well.BUT ... . My experience has been different.Second use , Lid imploded.Amazon was out of replacements.Called 800 # Bed bath beyond and they said it was discontinued , when asked why , they replied , it was too many problems and they would not elaborate.Contacted distributor who chuckled when told of lid imploding and said I pumped it too many times!Here 's the catch ... . No Instructions . They could not say what was enough times either . They gladly sent a replacement lid.BUT ... it had a faulty valve which leaked as soon as you removed pump.When called again , no stock either replacement parts or whole package for distribution for 8 WEEKS.My suspicion is that this item may become unavailable all to gether and why purchase with all the problems when there are many others to choose from.NOTE ... . Price keeps dropping drastically as well , usually vendors getting rid of stock and remember , Bed bath beyond discontinued !
 I purchased this item on 7/1/11 , and have used it a total of 3 times , and have always hand washed it . Imagine my frustration when attempting to use it today and had used the pump a total of 4 time , and the lid split in half with a resounding thud ! I would have thought the item would have lasted through more than 3 uses . Have contacted the company to see if they will stand behind their product and replace the lid . If not , then I will be purchasing another instant marinater , but it wo n't be a vacuvin .
 I 've owned a previous marinator -LSB- ProLock -RSB- but it cracked , so trying this manual one is a real trick . . No matter how well you ` align & secure ' the top , once you stop pumping after 10 + times , you can hear the air escaping . Inspecting the seal on the cover and the ` release valve ' , they show no misalignment ... Removing the pump or leaving it in place does n't do anything . I 'm ready to return it to Amazon . . -LSB- maybe I 'm not holding my mouth just right :-RRB- -RSB-
 I purchased this item approx 1-year ago and now it is not working . I wrote the company that makes and never got a response . Based on my experience with this product and the company that makes it I would give them a F rating .
 This product came with very poor instructions . It 's impossible to tell when you have created a vacuum or sucked all the air out . The seal on top does n't look air tight , so it 's difficult to tell if a vacuum is created . I do n't recommend this product .
 I alos purchased this at Christmas for my wife after seeing it on a TV show as a awesome way to marninate fish , chicken , and beef . First use I was marninting a piece of fish , pump the container for proper sealing and about an hour later I heard a loud boom from the kitchen only to discover that the plastic lid exploded off the container and shattered into dozens of small pieces . With out a lid its useless and thus got tossed in the trash after one use . Do n't buy .
 i order the product november 18 and received it december 16 after understanding how to use the machine i notice coffegrinds going in the wrong place i follow instruction to allign machine but still didnt solve problem call de longhi directly and follow instruction again but grinds are still all over the place after 2 and half week amazon.com try to contact seller but ad no response i just wish to send this piece of ... . back were it belong ...
 Bought this through Costco -LRB- love the return policy -RRB- , and I 'm glad I picked that store . It will be going back today.The machine seems to be decent quality , grinds well , and look nice at least to me.It can not create a hot cup of coffee though - major flaw ! The manual suggests heating up your cup first or doing another preheat cycle on the infuser -LRB- it already does this each time you turn the machine on -RRB- . The manual also suggests not using a thin cup , as thick cups draw off too much heat . Call me picky but it is ridiculous to have to pick a special cup -LRB- I like my thick Starbucks cup -RRB- , and why would I want to have to have to heat up my cup each time before using it ? It also does not produce adequate steam ; it 's really just a stream of hot water . So latte 's are out.So hopefully this review will stop a few people from ordering , and save them the hassle of returning it.I will be trying a Gaggia next .
 I just got my DeLonghi Magnifica and unpacked it , I have to say it is my first automatic coffee maker . Overall i was very pleased how it look 's . I checked everything and was suppiced because there is some realesate left behind the service door ?? Nothing bad thinging I started to download the manuel because there is no hard copy , not a big deal today . As i come to the point `` press the two red release looks together and pull the infuser out '' i was currious because i could n't remember that I had seen anything red behind the service door ? I double checked it and there was still notthing red there , there was n't even a infuser . Now I 'm wondering what does `` the grinder is pre setup with real coffee '' mean , as explaned in the manual . Did the lazy `` chinese-italian guy '' just forget to put the infuser back or is the hole factory setup just a joke?I might write another review later after got I my replacement my machine if i get one with infuser .
 i received this machine couple days ago , but it leaked right after i started the machine , piece of junk . Item arrived with no damage done to the box though . worse experience ever .
 I almost bought this machine online but made a wise decision to see it first hand in a store . I could n't have been more disappointed by its appearance . The machine looks nothing like its picture on closer inspection . The shiny stainless steel-looking parts in the photo are nothing more than plastic covered in cheap-looking chrome foil . The only real metal part outside is the drip tray cover . The buttons and knobs are wobbly . From the looks of it this is a cheaply-made machine and I just do n't have the confidence that it 's going to last beyond its short 1-yr warranty period.If you care about how a $ 800 gadget looks on your countertop , this is not one to own .
 Worst investment ever made . I 'll never buy Delonghi products again . I was convinced to buy because of all the great reviews but it turns out Delonghi did most of them .
 We bought this unit to replace a Saeco automatic unit that unfortunately began leaking . After multiple adjustments and tweaks we are still not able to reproduce coffee comparable to our Saeco unit .
 I read countless reviews on this machine , both good and bad . Giving the company the benefit of the doubt , I took the plunge . Having emerged on the other end now I can vouch for the fact that the negative accounts are ALL 100 % ACCURATE ! Almost like a textbook , previous reviews regarding customer service issues and vanishing machines for months at a time all occurred in eerily similar sequential fashion . Customer service is non-existent and they have no concern for retaining a customer base . I urge you to NEVER purchase a product from Delonghi and I am also contacting the BBB about this company.I bought this machine after months of research and years of home-brewed drip espresso machines at the low end of the price range -LRB- manual pump , Krups -RRB- . I am a daily latte drinker and hoped this would save a lot of money in the long run . Ordered it via Amazon in April 2012 and no issues until December 2012 -LRB- 8 months -RRB- ; I made 1-2 espresso lattes per day , every day . The milk frothing wand exploded off of the unit in December and the entire plastic apparatus melted inside which precipitated the explosion . I surmise some sort of boiler pump issue caused a burst of hot steam through the metal froth tubing , which melted the plastic wand shut and caused the explosion . I cleaned my frothing wand daily and immediately after every use . I called Delonghi customer service and they sent a shipper to my house within 2 days to have it shipped to their designated appliance shop for repair . All costs were covered and I was insured this would take 2 weeks TOPS to return to my door . 3 weeks later -LRB- and after the holidays -RRB- , I started calling to inquire as to the status.First red flag for me was that I could never figure out who the repair place was because the designated number I called was some local shop and a voice mail with no business name . It took me a full week to speak to a person , despite leaving numerous messages at the repair shop . The woman I talked to tried to tell me in 2.5 seconds that &#34; they were working on it . &#34; When I queried her as to exactly what they were working on and attempted to verify serial numbers , I was put on hold for 10 minutes . I 'm guessing she had to actually look up my unit at that point . She then told me they were waiting on a part that can ONLY be provided by Delonghi and this part would not arrive in the States from Italy until end of April 2013 . After 2 weeks of going back and forth with the appliance shop and Delonghi customer service , a manager at Delonghi finally took pity on me and said they would find the part through 3rd party sellers on eBay or overnight me a new machine within 24 hours . 24 hours later she called me to announce they magically found the part that was impossible to find and it was already on its way to the appliance shop . The machine was to be repaired immediately and sent back to me overnight . I worked with Tracy from Delonghi customer service management and throughout this process she was initially very apologetic and accommodating.I finally received my machine back from the appliance shop another 1.5 weeks later -LRB- they sent it 5-day ground , not overnight -RRB- and eagerly set it up for the first cup of long-awaited espresso , 9 weeks late . The machine groaned and clunked , spilled the entire carafe of water all over my counter and floor , and lit up with a series of error lights . The removable infuser was shoved in crooked , the swing arm was broken , and I could n't remove it thus the error lights would not turn off . Any error light currently on prevents the machine from making espresso . I now proudly own a 35 pound paperweight . I called Delonghi and reported this along with my now devoid patience and growing frustration . I was told I needed to do a &#34; troubleshooting walk through &#34; with a series of button pushing and plugging/unplugging . I 'd have to do this when I got home and then it was after the weekend before I could call again to report that this WOULD NOT HELP the problem . Despite explanation that this was a mechanical issue and not an electronic issue , Tracy finally got on the phone and was no longer friendly or helpful . She insisted that all she could do for me now was send yet another shipper to me for return to Delonghi and further evaluation of the machine by a tech . This would take an additional several weeks . I insisted that a new machine be sent instead because of frustration and lack of communication throughout this whole process . She refused and even politely reminded me that should I choose to return it , I 'd have to do that through Amazon . I am in the process of filing a claim with Amazon for a full return and trying to spread the message that Delonghi is a terrible company to deal with.Save yourself the 500 + dollars and go with a different coffee company . I regret my decision deeply and wish I could take back the hours I spent on the phone calling between the appliance repair shop and Delonghi , a job that should have been done by Delonghi . Never once did Delonghi apologize for all the leg work I had to do . Had I never stayed on this issue , my machine would be sitting in a warehouse for another 4-5 months before it was even looked at .
 Length :
 I bought this for my wife to use for xmas eve party . We opened it up and got to step one and the system did not pump water . I contacted customer service and they stated you needed to turn it off/on about ten times and it would be fine . We did as such with no success . They then sent us priming instructions -LRB- as these are not included with the manual -RRB- and it too did not work . Upon calling customer service yet again they stated that we need to take it to send it to a service technician and that we would have to search in the phonebook or online to find a technician to repair unit . I asked about the warranty and they said to make sure and save receipts so once it was fixed they could then discuss reimbursement.Horrible , horrible customer service , so if you want a new - non-working unit check ebay and we can help you out .
 -LSB- This review applies to the Magnifica 3200 , this is the same as the 3300 with slight cosmetic differences . -RSB- I bought this machine in 2006 after an almost-endless trawl through the internet reading owners ' reviews - after all , we are talking about the search for the perfect espresso here!The coffee quality is indeed great . The only misgivings I would have about using it are that the knobs have no user markings , which means that if there are several people in the house using the machine , it is impossible to select the previously-selected individual settings . Also , the time before the machine performs an auto-switchoff is fixed at about three hours . I could n't find the power comsumption in the user manual when in `` idle '' mode , but I think it must be substantial since it keeps the boiler/cup-preheater hot during this time . Not that the preheater is any use - I warm my cups by first wetting them and then putting them in the microwave for 30 seconds.More seriously , I have had the machine for three years and in this time it has broken down four times - the first time after six weeks , the second time after about 18 months , the third time after about 30 months , and again most recently last week . The first two times , the machine was fixed under guarantee , without any quibbles . I think the problem is that the environment these machines have to work under is probably the most severe to be found in the home
 I purchased the Delonghi Magnifica Automatic Espresso Coffee Machine from Amazon in November 2006 . It just died one month ago , out of warranty of course . When I called Delonghi to inquire as to how I could get it repaired , they informed me that they have only two places in the US that fix them . One on the east coast , and one on the west coast . So you have to ship it at your expense and insured to the appliance repair shop . I shipped mine the same day it broke to the east coast location ; it went to Cross-Bay Appliance in Howard Beach , NY . It took them an entire month to look at the machine and they have a very casual , unconcerned approach . They will say , `` I 'll try '' to look at it for weeks until you start to get a little heated in your tone , then they will take a look at it . Well , after waiting the entire month , they looked at it only to tell me it will cost almost as much as it would to purchase a new one to repair it . I asked them to ship it back and not to bother adding the cost to insure it since , now , it 's nothing but piece of junk . Well , they insist on charging over twice as much as it would cost to resend it back to me.Delonghi apparently does not care in the least about your out of warranty repair needs . Even if you have a small problem , you better give your beloved espresso machine a long kiss goodbye because you wo n't see if for a while . In my case , it 's junk . I 've heard of others having mechanical failures with these machines , but if they are out of warranty , which is only one year , you are screwed . I searched and searched for a appliance repair shop locally , there is NO ONE who knows about these machines but Delonghi knows and they will send you to this operation which does not have to try to get business , could care less about the customers and you can tell they know the drill . I 'm tempted to let them keep it , but then realized that probably many people do that and they end up probably refurbishing them and then selling them , which I will not allow.So , as much as I loved the machine , I would never purchase another one from Delonghi simply because there is no way to reasonably get it repaired in a decent amount of time and for a fair cost . So , your machine , once something goes wrong with it , will end up in the garage until you or someone else you know decides to go to the Espresso Machine Repair School for broke down Delonghi Machines.I was shocked that this was my ONLY option , and the repair shop Delonghi sent me to has unprofessional and callous morons running it . They know you either pay what they ask for or pay whatever they want to ship it back regardless of the actual cost to ship it back to you , which further aggravates you because you have no choice . It 's abusive . I will be filing a BBB complaint for this repair shop and giving Delonghi two thumbs down . Your purchase will be short lived . I 'm looking into the Pasquini Espresso machine now , but I will find out what process I will have to go through if it needs any type of repairs in the future -- post-warranty . These machines are not cheap . At first I loved Delonghi , but now that I know I 'm buying their products only to put them in the garbage later because of outrageous repair costs and inconvenience by the morons Delonghi sends you too , I will never buy another one .
 Apart from breaking after 4 weeks this is a great espresso machine , we loved it . Easy to operate , makes great coffee and espresso . Maybe we had bad luck but after 4 weeks of use one of the coffee brewing buttons broke and then the on/off button would n't work anymore . The machine was dead . It seems that the electronic behind the buttons is not very robust . I sent an email to the DeLonghi customer service but never got any reply.Another downside
 I ordered this machine for my mother for Christmas . What convinced me to go with the DeLonghi were the overwhelming number of outstanding reviews on Amazon . I will say that for three and one-half weeks , the machine made outstanding coffee . It then broke . The lights would blink on and off over and over and the machine would no longer brew . When my mother called customer care they suggested a possible solution . When that did n't work they said it would need to be sent back for repairs . She asked about a replacement . They told her ` no ' , that it would have to be repaired . She then asked about an extension on the warranty for the time it was in their shop . They again said ` No ' . Having no other option , she sent it back -LRB- after waiting two weeks for the shipping box and label to arrive -RRB- . That was THREE months ago . She has called customer care . They referred her to the appliance repair shop . She attempted to contact the appliance repair shop NEVER receiving an answer . She again called customer care and was told that the shop is in Seattle , WA -LRB- we are in Virginia -RRB- and that they are only open Monday-Wednesday from 9-5 and Thursday from 9-1 . They have no answering machine . You must call during working hours and be lucky enough to get someone on the phone . She found this out last Thursday . She now has to wait until Monday at 11 am to make another attempt.We estimated that we probably had 40 cups of espresso before the machine broke . When I purchased it it was $ 799 -LRB- say an even 800 for sake of easy math -RRB- . That means each cup cost us about $ 20 -LRB- not including the cost of the beans -RRB- . The coffee was good , but it did n't pump out $ 20 cups . The company may believe that the quality of the machine is ` good enough ' for the $ 800 price point , that a few lemons here and there are to be expected for that price point . Investing $ 800 in an espresso machine -LRB- in anything -RRB- is significant and not something I took lightly . It is an expression of trust . I do n't mind the fact that we received a lemon , I do mind that the company does not seem to care or respect our investment in them . Beyond the money , it has cost my mother time and frustration . I am embarrassed that our family 's gift to her -LRB- on my direction and recommendation -RRB- has been little more than a source of stress for her.When -LRB- or if - at least seemingly -RRB- she gets the machine back from being repaired she is seriously considering just returning it to Amazon , even though we can not get a refund due to the time that has passed.Like I said , I read ALL the reviews on this before I selected in this particular machine - good and bad . I have never before run into a more appropriate application of the saying ` Let the buyer beware ! ' . If you are still thinking about investing in this Delonghi , we might have a deal for you ! That is , if we ever get it back .
 I have had this machine break twice for no explainable reason . Repairs have been related to the `` boiler '' and `` generator '' and have come in at $ 600 . The machine is only used by my wife and I. Its descalled monthly . I seriously have no idea why my machine is so fragile and neither do the Delonghi authorised repairers . I have no doubt it will break again so I am looking for another brand.On a positive note the coffee tastes good , heat-up is quick and cleaning easy . It could do with a larger water tank though and I guess a more powerful pump so as to heat up the milk faster .
 ZERO STARS IF POSSIBLE . Owned one for five years . It started seeping so we replaced it . The new one ran for three months when it began to intermittently make coffee . It would start but quit before filling a cup and lighting the empty tank warning . Sent it back to service center . Came back after thee weeks , scuffed up , and not repaired . Sent it back a month ago or so . Waiting on parts now.I can understand a product failing under warranty but not being able to properly and promptly service it is inexcusable . This not a toss-able product where I can just skip out to Walmart and pick up a new one.I should have paid attention to the other reviews here . I relied on my past experience with the brand which was a very expensive mistake.Parts never arrived but FIVE STARS for Amazon intervening on my behalf and providing an acceptable resolution .
 I do not recommend buying this machine . Only 3 months after purchasing it , it started acting up . Now there is no water feeding the coffee maker . Before the water pump was loud -LRB- at least more than I would expect -RRB- . Also , it would only drip when the setting for the coffee strenghth , but the machine could not handle this setting.I tried to clean it with declasifier , changed the settings for grind coursness , and coffee strength levels ... nothing change and all went from bad to worse.I am living overseas so warranty repair or exchange are not options.This was a waste of money ! Please do not buy this product .
 I 've had this machine for 7 years . When it works , it 's fine . Coffee is much better than the horrible `` french roast '' of Starbucks.It broke down after 3 years , leak from the boiler , of course out of warranty.De Longhi tells you to go to one of their service centers.You have to ship it there -LRB- $ 50 -RRB- , have the boiler and who-knows-what replaced -LRB- $ 200 -RRB- and have it shipped back -LRB- $ 80 , with required insurance -RRB- . Repair took 3 weeks and over 50 % of the price of the new machine , but they did fix it .4 years later the same problem , leaks water all around , plus broken door latch.Called the center -LRB- sounds like some guy doing it in his garage -RRB- , repair more expensive , so it 's time to discard it.It is noisy , takes a while to warm up . If you drink the coffee right out of the machine , it 's the right temperature , just barely .
 Brand new machine . After the 2nd cup , tried the frothing wand . Steam started shooting from the side and back on the machine . Nothing from the wand.Was a very loud pop and the actual control knob for the frothing wand shot out from the front of the machine and leaked all over the counter ... So each cup of coffee has so far cost around $ 400 . Hopefully the amazon reseller will replace it instead of having to send it for repair after 2 cups .
 Makes great coffee . A tiny rubber o-ring broke and they charged me $ 20.00 to send a new one . It quickly broke again , and when I called again they wanted to charge again ! Got it for free after making a stink . Before inserting it I went online andfound them on sale for $ 0.03 each . Unfortunately there 's a minimum order of $ 5.00 so I 'm waiting for delivery of 167 little o-rings . Better than getting ripped off for $ 20.00 again.Also another problem occurred soon after purchase . They told me they 'd give me the `` white glove '' treatment by sending a box to send it back to factory for repair . Never arrived . Decided just to live with the problem .
 Loved this little machine - takes up less counter space than many others , easy to keep clean and made an absolutely perfect cup of espresso . Milk frother works well and it also of course dispenses hot water , though pretty slowly . Grinds the beans , tamps , pumps , out comes perfect brew at the touch of a button.However , mine decided to break down almost exactly 26 months after I received it - and of course the warranty is 2 years . I 'm now trying to decide if it 's worth the trouble to send it in and have it repaired , compared to buying a new one . If I get a new one it wo n't be a DeLonghi . This one started leaking water from inside the inner works into the drip tray instead of making coffee with it . This is my first fully automatic espresso machine , so maybe they all do this , but I think I 'll go with a different brand on my next attempt .
 First , this unit makes some of the best coffee and espresso that I have ever had and is extremely easy to use ... that is when it works . And when it does n't , do n't expect good customer service or warranty service from Delonghi.I 've been through three of these from last October to this August ... 11 months . The first unit started leaking muddy water after a few months . A call to Delonghi promised me the `` white glove treatment '' . What that means is that you wait for 1 week for them to send you an empty box so you can ship the unit from Massachusetts to California . After 6 weeks , I received the unit back broken in pieces because it was n't packed correctly . They sent me a refurbished unit after two weeks . That lasted all of a couple of months before all of the buttons stopped working . Delonghi sent another refurbished unit after another 2 weeks . This one was `` the best '' of the lot . The pump broke after one month.Into the trash its going . I 'll buy a unit from another company and one that offers service in my area so I do n't have to ship anything across the country and wait weeks for it to be fixed . Hopefully it will last longer .
 First , this unit makes some of the best coffee and espresso that I have ever had and is extremely easy to use ... that is when it works . And when it does n't , do n't expect good customer service or warranty service from Delonghi.I 've been through three of these from last October to this August ... 11 months . The first unit started leaking muddy water after a few months . A call to Delonghi promised me the `` white glove treatment '' . What that means is that you wait for 1 week for them to send you an empty box so you can ship the unit from Massachusetts to California . After 6 weeks , I received the unit back broken in pieces because it was n't packed correctly . They sent me a refurbished unit after two weeks . That lasted all of a couple of months before all of the buttons stopped working . Delonghi sent another refurbished unit after another 2 weeks . This one was `` the best '' of the lot . The pump broke after one month.Into the trash its going . I 'll buy a unit from another company and one that offers service in my area so I do n't have to ship anything across the country and wait weeks for it to be fixed . Hopefully it will last longer .
 After only four months of owning this machine and taking meticulous care of it -LRB- it requires almost as much care as an infant , for heaven 's sake ! -RRB- the steaming nozzle broke off and shot like a missile to the floor , narrowly missing my foot ! I contacted customer service and they sent me the prepaid packaging to send it to their east coast repair facility . That was 21/2 months ago !!! We still have n't gotten our espresso maker back !!! Repeated calls to customer service have gotten me nowhere , and the wait times are ridiculous ! They are all very polite , explaining that it 's a parts issue , but they can never tell me when we will get our machine back . I ca n't believe we paid $ 800 to have to go back to using our little old Mr. Coffee , -LRB- which , by the way , has always worked fine with minimal maintenance -RRB- . I will NEVER buy another deLonghi product ever again , and I do n't think they care !
 Had this machine for three years . It was great while it lasted , but recently I had to get it serviced . DeLonghi does not stand behind their product . Do n't mind spending $ 1000 , but I expect it to last longer than three years . The company had no solution for me , their answer was sorry it 's pass the 2 years , so you are out of luck . Will never buy anything from Delonghi again !!!!!
 I purchased this product less than a year ago and have had nothing but problems . I have had to send it in once already to have fixed . Recently , it stopped working again . I have tried calling customer service , no one answers . I have left messages , no one returns the call . I have sent emails , and they are EXTREMELY slow at responding , and at this point we are at a stand still . I would never buy a DeLonghi product again seeing as they are horrible when it comes to customer service . This was by no means a cheap investment , and I would expect better quality from a product with this price tag .
 I have had my machine for 20 months now . Ever since the first month , the nozzle will `` blow '' off of the steaming wand while I am midway through heating/steaming my milk . And by blow , I mean it flies off with major steam-pressure behind it - sending milk & foam flying and my heart racing . Not exactly what you want to experience at 5:00 am after just rolling out of bed.I have called DeLonghi and their 1st answer was to try cleaning my machine again . After that , they sent me a new steam nozzle -LRB- that was never the problem -RRB- . And once again , they are only now suggesting that I send the machine in to them to have it serviced.After reading all of the reviews about what crappy service the company provides , I am worried that it is n't going to do me any good . You would think that spending $ 800 for an Italian espresso machine would buy you a quality product . Not so in my case . Heck , my $ 140.00 machine from Starbucks gave me 4 years of fantastic service.I will repost a follow up once I get my machine back from being serviced.But as of now , I would tell anyone even considering this product ; to just keep looking and walk right past this machine .
 It is a great machine when it works . I got DeLonghi Magnifica ESAM3300 and I use it for 2 months after that it broke down something with the sensor for water it was telling me to put more water while the tank was ful of water . Anyway I called the company and they said will send me a box and we will send it to get it repaired . Great ! after 4 weaks in service I got my machine back it made me 3 coffees and broke again same problem . I called the company same thing send it out and wait few weeks for them to repaire it . We finally got it back and I wanted to test it it made me one cofee and same problem ... I called the company they said will send another box and we will send the machine back to the service . The waranty states they will repair the machine for 2 years and does n't matter how many times it brakes . As much as I liked the machine it was not worth the money and my time also I will not buy DeLonghi product again . The company does n't care about the customer at all , never had such a bad experience with a company before . Good Luck !!!
 I ordered this on-line after reading many reviews . The product reviews and ratings missed the major issue with espresso/coffee machines - the drink from the machine is tepid , not hot . Everything else about the features of the machine have no value if the espresso is not brewed at hot enough temperature . I returned this machine and then bought a Delonghi that works great , the DeLonghi Perfecta 5400 . About temperature . Coffee needs to brew at about 200 deg F to extract the right flavors . Then coffee is served at 160-180 F. StarBucks coffee is set at 180 F , maybe a little hot for immediate drinking . The 3300 delivered coffee at 140-145 F , way too cool , since coffee then cools more in the cup . The 5400 delivers coffee at the right temperature of 160F . All the other controls also work excellently . I highly recommend the DeLonghi Perfecta 5400 . Do not buy the 3300 - just delivers tepid weak coffee .
 It makes fantastic coffee , but it began leaking around the infuser immediately after getting it home . Then , about five months later , it started leaking from beneath the unit covering my counter top with water and ruining a cook book on the same counter top . After proving that I had purchased the item less than a year ago , Delonghi recommended that I send it to a service center . They provided the box and the shipping label and told me it would be a few days turn around . That was five weeks ago . I 've contacted Delonghi and the service center , but the unit has not even been out of the box to be examined yet . There is no recourse with Delonghi as they will not help in expediting the repair . I 've given them every chance to honor their promise and their warranty , but now I 'm so frustrated that I plan to take the unit back to Costco for a full refund after it is repaired . I 've read many other reviews after experiencing this for myself and Delonghi seems to have a consistent habit of not honoring their warranties . Buyer Beware .
 Do n't purchase any De Longhi product ... Machine will not turn on after making 12 cups of coffee . Customer service is curt and not helpful.Only solution they had was to send machine from Florida ro California for repair . Between the transport time and ordering parts from italy ? -LRB- no parts kept in the us , then do n't sell it here ! -RRB- and then sending it back to Florida , my new machine will be gone between 6 to 12 weeks.It does n't matter how good the coffee is that it makes if it does n't work ! I figure each of the 12 cups cost me about $ 66.00 so far !! STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT
 This machine makes great tasting coffee but my machine has broken twice in two years . I 'll never buy this brand again .
 I bought this machine after our Saeco machine finally broke down after many years of use . I have not had the problems that some of the others have had from the machine breaking , as I do not use it as much as I did my Saeco . The reason being is that this machine lacks power , and is very , very slow . If you do n't have a lot of time in the morning to make your morning latte , I would recommend looking elsewhere .
 All arrived on schedule , but the product did not work . I had very satisfactory assistance from DeLonghi technical support who said the product needed to be returned for exchange . I am looking forward to the replacement arriving as I love coffee -- specifically lattes and expressos . Will do an update on Amazon 's response and assistance.DeLonghi ESAM3300 Magnifica Super-Automatic Espresso/Coffee Machine
 I have same experience as Banshee . He posted his opinion on 11/30/2010 . Unfortunately , I did not read his review until I received my machine and found the espresso it made just not hot enough and went online to look for answer . And , yes I have tried to preheat and rinse my cup and end result is ok but not that good . Same as him I ordered this on-line after reading many reviews but reviews and ratings missed the major and most important issue with espresso/coffee machines - the drink from the machine is tepid , not hot . I know this because I have a Saeco Royal in my office and it can brew a much hotter and flavorful espresso . Noise other mentioned is not a problem for me ; they all noisy .
 Did not work for us . Grinder was grinding too fine , hence the coffee was dripping instead of smoothly pouring down . As a result the coffee had no crema , and was not meeting expectations as advertised ,
 Coffee is very blunt , no richness at all . Periodic shut-off probably saves some energy , but very slow start-up is annoying . Also , at power-up it spills some water from the nozzle - another annoyance . In addition , machine is quite noisy . I am returning it , and getting Saeco .
 The machine will make great coffee and espresso but beware , after the warranty the machine is guaranteed to break . The transmission went bad right after the warranty expired . There is no local store to go to to fix it -LRB- Washington DC -RRB- so we had to send it to NY . It was going to cost $ 500 to repair the machine.DO NOT BUY THIS MACHINE OR FROM THIS COMPANY !
 Update 10/31/2011
 I bought two of these machines -LRB- one from Starbucks ... never ever buy anything from them and the other online -RRB- , one for the office and one for home . They work very well for about six months and then started to have a plethora of problems . I called the manufacturer and they were NO help at all and then I found a place that fixes them and sent them both and 1200.00 later they still do n't work . I had to go online and find parts and fix them myself and am in the process of finding new machines as the time and cost are ridiculous . DO NOT WASTE YOU MONEY ON THIS MACHINE
 This machine is great if it works , once you need this machine fixed you have to drive 2 hours to drop it off . I called Delonghi to complaint and to ask why there was no where local to have my machine fixed they could care less . I called and spoke to Delonghi Canada and spoke to the supervisor named Carl and she did not care about my concerns . DO NOT BUY A DELONGHI PRODUCTS !!!!!!
 I drink a lot of coffee . Roast my own beans , etc. . The idea of just pushing a button is very appealing . But ... For the cost of a upper-mid range major appliance -LRB- washer , dryer , dishwasher , stove , etc. -RRB- I think I should be able to expect a device with at least some degree of quality . Not so this machine . It is , well , just cheaply made . Cheap plastic . Cheap controls . Cheap , cheap , cheap . Ok , I guess $ 800 in plastic junk is what the market will bear . $ 800 will buy a pretty decent stainless steel range , with a life expectancy of 10s of years . Lucky if you get a few years out of one of these coffee makers , and other reviews seem to highlight that fact . Many talk of how great their previous machine of a `` few years '' was and now they 're onto buying another one ... Go look at one first . Do n't reward manufacturers that have neither shame , nor pride , in their work .
 I received this machine as a gift . It was new in a factory-sealed box . The first time I tried it , water leaked from the seams on the side of the machine by the water tank . It was completely unusable . I attempted to have it serviced under the factory warranty . It took about 5 phone calls to the Delonghi customer service call center , and about 1.5 hours on the phone , before I was informed that they would not cover the machine under factory warranty because , even though it was brand new , it was not purchased from an authorized retailer.Caveat emptor .
